Oldest College Newspaper
West of the Mississippi River

Chroma!
gravid an) ﬂack

VOL. LXVlllGrinnell College, Grinnell. Iowa. Friday. December 8. Iqbl No. l2

 

Christmas Dinners

Feature T raditions

Fanfares Herald i'Y' Dinner
Dinner Festivities Will Be Sunday

Trumpet fanfares on north
campus along with the scent of
pines and the soft glow of can-
dlelight on south campus will
herald the opening of two Grill»

nell Christmas traditions on Suns
day.

The Boar's Head dinner will
begin at 6:30 pm, in Cowles

dining room. Following the first
trumpet fanfare, the men will

The 27th annual Yule Log din.
ner, sponsored by the YWCA
Will take place Sunday evening
at 6 in the Quadrangle dining
room with the Yule Log cere-
mony followrng in Main lounge.

in keeping ‘wlth the tradition
set in years past, upperclass we-
men will escort their little bud-
dies, and all the women will
wear white tor the occasion.
Grace will be sung by the women

enter the dining room followed 0f the Cholr- ‘
by invited faculty guests. , Guests tor the Yule Log din.
lner are Mr. and Mrs. Edward 5.
After a seconﬂ fanfarei Pres— IAllcn, Mrs, Maurice Boatman,
ident Howard R. Bowen and MW Howard E. Eowm Mrs
honored guests will enter the Luella E, Feather” Evelyn
hall. These guests include Erl- ,Gmdne,’ den. 0.- women; Mm

win Foxv ’39. chalrmﬂn 0f the lIrma M, Hall, Mrs. June Main,
board oi Trustees; James James sum and M..s_

, as

Waiters Bob Reynolds, Albert

Cowles dining room.

Senate Passes Edgren By-Law; V ,
Second Vote Comes Wednesday I

The Student Senate got half. precise results of tlie referen-
way through one of its thorniest .1“... 5m“ be “ported by u...
problems by passing almost un- . .

. i l ,, Executive Cabinet to all rc-
aiiimously, the ‘Edgl‘en byslaw , , ,
at its Wednesday night meet. 33:3,?“ “l “‘9 59'1““ "5“”

ing, The byelow must. be passed
The hit-lav: must be based at

again next. week before it can .
be included in the constitution. the next Senate meeting hulure
it becomes oﬁ‘lt‘ial policy and can

The byelaw was originally ,, , . ,
submmm .0 me Senate COW bo mtlllded in the‘Constltutlon.

inittce on Budgets, Nominae
tions and Constitutions by Gates
hall representative John Edgren,
It had been recommended by
the committee last week, but
had been sent. back when sev-
eral senators questioned some
stylistic and grammatical errors
in its wording.

The corrected resolution, as
presented to the Senate Wednes-
day night, reads as iollows: ”Up-
on passage of a resolution by
the Student. Senate, the Same
resolution shall be Subject to a
campus-wide referendum if So
requested by (1) the Executive

The Senate also heard and
approved a proposal “that Grille
ncll College aoniy’for partici-
palion in the NSA For-cign Stu—
dent Leadership Project" The
proposalwasmadc by Craig Hen-
derson, chairman of lntcrnatioir
a1 Affairs Committee,

Under this project, 15 to 25
students are selected each year
to study at Amcican colleges
and universities, ’a‘hesc students
take a light academic load and
assume an active role in the
student government. interlmtionr
at relations program and other-

Blunt, Mike Davis and Otto Schmink rehearse for their vin'ts
in the annual Boar’s Head dinner. The traditional dinner, [or men only, will he held Sunday in

,this
Spence. chairman of thc Gada-,

lung and Christina: cookies,

Stauss, dean oi the college;
Stephen Wood, clean of men: l
William McKibben, college l
marshall; and Grant Gale,i
chairman of the iaculty,

l

The traditional Muminor's p1ay,‘
“St, George and thc Dragon" will
be presented, followed by the'
presentation of the jewel by;
President Bowen to St. George}
This year‘s cast will include: R
s, Millai- as Father Christmas.
John Williams as the doctor,
Leigh Tracy as the Turkish
Knight, Mike Burr as the valiant
soldier, Alvah Stanley as St.
George and Dave Palmer as
Saracen. The play will be dll'et‘trt
cd by Alvah Stanley,

The final trumpet tanlare her-
alds the Boar Head procession
with the men's glee club sing»,
ling the traditional Boar's Head
,earol. After the Halberdiers
dancelsalute the Boar's Head, the Latin

Sue‘gracc will be said. and tormal

toasts will be exchanged,

bouts committee, will be named‘ The Boar-'3 Head ceremony
“Dans Med Jultomten," which has been imported by Grime”
ls Swedish for "Dance With from Qure’n‘s College in Oxford,
Santa's HClPl‘ Hold from ' 0 England, Two legends attempt to‘
run. to 12:30 am Thursday in explain the custom which has,
Darby gym, the dance Will cen-‘been an annual event in England,
tor a r G Ll n d a Scandinavian is...“ me 12.1. century, ‘
theme, l the ‘

Skitcl Henderson‘s band will ceremony to an ancient rite
play ‘ couples dance in a of the Norseman, who would'
homey atmosphere, contpletcl sacrifice a imi- to Freiger,:
with an ald-[ftshloned Swedlshl
Christmas tree and numerous}
Jultomleiis placed around the‘
room, Refreshments will be cgge

Dance Plannedl

For Thursday

The Christmas formal
year, according to

one legend attributes

their god of peace and plenty.
as he rode a boar during his re—
ligious missions.

l The other says that an Eng-
,lisli student killed a boar that at-,
Special guests will lnClUdeitackcd him by cramming an
Dr. and Mr: Howard R. Bowen Aristotle text down the animal's
on, Dean Exelyn Gardnen Geor- throat, The celebration that fol-,
gm Dcntel, Dean and Mrs. lowed became an annual event.
James Staiiss, Mr. and Mrs. Mel‘-;

ritt Ludwig, Dean and M

Stephen Wood and Mr and Mrs, - -
plant can. icopley Pamhng

ta special

iMrs.
George Susens.

At the ceremony, Mrs. Allen
will deliver the address, and
Mrs. Susens will give the read-

.‘ing of the Christmas story Jill

nennington and Hedda Hay-
moi-id, AWS Board and YWCA
presidents, will light the yiiie
log tire.

On December 15, 1915, Presi«
dent J. T. H. Main lighted the
first yule log after a candlelight
dinner in the new women's Quad—
rangle which had opened that
September. Since the first lighte
ing, the tradition has changed
very little.

That origin, as taken from a
letter to the alum, Mary Stimson
Gates, ’13, is as follows: “The
1915 YWCA president wanted
Christmas Y meet—
ing. Perhaps i had been reading
something for English about the ,
old yule log ccremonic ; perhaps
I had the suggestion from some
one on the social committee, 1 do
not remember. We held our first
Christmas dinner in the dining

YULE LOG
Cent 17. 4, cal. 4

Christmas Recess
To Begin Friday

Christmas recess 'for Grinnell
students will begin next. Friday
afternoon at 2, At this time
classes will be dismissed until
Jan. 4 when lower division
classes will resume. The ab-
sence penalty will be in effect
on both of these days, Anyone
who Cuts a class on these days
will have one half hour added
to the number of hours required
for graduation from the college.
l A special train will leave for
Chicago at 2:15 on Friday car-
lrying Grinneii students to points

Cabinet or (2) a petition signed
by 25 percent of the student
body,

“The student body shall be
informed by the Executive
Cabinet or the date of the
referendum and or the resolu—
tion as adopted by the Son.
ale not less than 43 hours
prior to the referendum. The

‘Chalk Circle' To Be Presented

“The Caucasian Chalk Circle,"
a parable ill two acts by Bertolt
Bl'ccllt, Will be presented to-
night and tomorrow night tit S
by [he Gl‘lltllell Players in
Roberts Theater.

John Ward will play the part
of the story lollt’l‘, Grusha, the
servant girl, will be portrayed
by Barbara Beale. Simon, of
the Palace Guard, will be play-
etl by Mike Burr: Azdak. the

student activities. i

In other actions. the Senate:
approvcd the appointments of,
Mary Sliousc and Frances HM»!
land to the Women's Primary;
Court. and passed a motion all
locating a sum not to exceed
$150 to send an SGA delegate}
to Swai-thniore College's Conful:
ehcc on disai-iiiaiiicnt Feb l6s18.

rishc 5am Gi-ossnibn. Rtltll,
Gitc eunld, Karen Hardy. Floyd
Hughes. Loren Mnhdnnnh. Aloe
ruke Michncls, Ted Mt nmc
Palmer. Linda puinam, Don
Re-iiier, Sam Schuman, Larry
Smut-her, Alvali Stanley and
Carol Waync

The Scene of (he prulogue
is the Georgian ilrca 01‘ the

least. Because Drake University
.and- the State University of

loaned To College to.
l A painting by John Singletonllhat day, the extra tram ls
lCopley, noted lath—centurylnecessary.

poi-trait artist, is being hung iiii Cm Wm be permitted on
Bul'ling Library on the west campus ND days before ”ca.
wall of the main reading room ition. These cars, which will not
The painting is here on a long-lbe allowed for social purposes,
term loan from George 13, Burn» lmust be “guinea with mu
er of Mclrose. Mass. a member moments

Formed shortly after World
War U, the orchestra has been

 

 

‘ol the Grinncll class of me. |
The painting. whlch has aniwomen To Dine
‘portrait of Mrs, Thomas Ma 7! | ad
,shall (Lucy Allen), dated 17oi,lF°rma‘ly In 0”
irogg Museum at Harvard Unisltllls year, according to _Eai-b
ll‘ol‘Slly. where it had been oanellcy, Quad social chairman,
, , ’i ' tl iad dining
continuously sueccsstul, appear. Abe... so , .mhcs ... snagging: glee 6‘10th ‘30le given
ing regularly both on radio and H... For...“ has a go... canted‘ . ,
- l'l ciiterta'niiicnt. and the
tours throughout the country. ‘is immg hung ... 5......“ meryigixﬁnlécmom will be decorated,
on the west wall of the main ”

Henderson has hurl {I musical

Soviet Union immediately nit-

;insurecl i-aluc oi $15,000. is a
it comes to Grinnell troni the The Christmas formal dinner
Henderson 1extended loan from Earner. will he hcld at (3:30 Wednesday
television and making fieaueiitt,..se..., g..._ and player frame by the women of the choir, will
l Seated at the guest tables will

Judge, by Philip Powcll; and
Michael. the child, by Chris
Meyer, 9-yearsold son ot Rich.
ard Meyer (speech),

career which has extended in-
to the arcas of both classical
and popular music. He work—
ed for a number or years for
MetrosGoldWynsMayer Films
as arranger—composer and for
Bing Crosby and Frank Sin.
atra as pia ist-arraugcr.

er the .deicilt of Hitler's army.
The scene of the “parable" is
the fanciful Kingdom of Gru-
Sil 1, near the Persian border.

. in times indeﬁn'l-l )ilst.
Others playing roles are Cine ”y ‘

dy Barnes, Connie Bergen, Mary The play is under the diI‘CCA
Blair, Tom Bowen, Bal‘bara‘tiun of Ned Donahue (speech).
Breckenridge, Peter Cohan. Mare Design and technical direction
til Engdahl. Ann Fetler, James is by Richard Meyer (speech).

 

reading room
he Mrs Howard Bowen, Dean
Evelyn Gardner, Mrs. Eva Buys.
the housemothers and the AWS

, VESPERS

; Following the meal at 3:30 in
l The traditional Christmas‘Roberts Theater the choir will
formal vespers will be held alwpresent its annual Christmas
,ter the Christmas formal Thurs» concert. to be attended in formal
,day night at 12. lattire. _,

 

Page Two

SCARLET AND . BLACK

Friday. December 8. HM

 

ﬁrttrlpl‘ tutti ii’ildtk

Grinnell, Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE

A nectli newan'lpci iiiililrsneu eirli
the dii llcll Cammiime an
rrii.iii. Keiiiscu (I to.

thc Post ortirc at Cr-rririell. tori-a, under-

lm. Siibscriririori rate Slit? her school

, Nanci- Pavel

Jim linthelil

l
I
l
iiini \l'ellv
. . Tom rump.
sir n IL ltiilreris. haul Samuel
I J i

. \‘tlrnst.

 

Av

who tﬁritmcil ilnel is]

o muses oi the Christmas time,
An ardent plea to thee is made

For hClp wrtli this eighth Noel rhyme,
A nomenclature iusiliade.

We‘ll sing an opening balulalow
For Donald Jones and Richard Howe,
And synthesize a madrrgal

For James Kissane and Thomas, Phil.

Hark the Herald Angels‘cllol‘us
For Captains, Mandcville and Brunton, Morris,
And let them sing another one,

For M. M. Lieberman and son.

Klausncr, Kimtz and Mr. Allan
or Christmas cheer deserve a gallon
Served in dialectic mugs

And spilt on existential rugs.

For President Bowen we might accord

Another enormous grant lrom Ford

For Ludwig and Kautrnann when Christmas comes
Let their stockings bc stut'ied with attluent alums,

A test tube tilled with mistletoe
For Siiei‘ison. Oclke and Dantoi-th, Joe;
Hang fetal pigs upon the tree

For Walker. Mendoza and Kenneth G.

String popcorn kernels on a thread

For the Pileugerville Pilasli and Bowers, Edd;
And decorate the Girls gym track

18 times 'round for Cox, Leakc, Waclc

Drop the hornb and join the revel
In the shelter with William Nevill;

Everything is Dionysrari,

Winston King has had a vision

,Oi Buddha rising train the sedge

Along the silty river's edge

And screaming “On dancer and Prancer et. al.
(Good cheer to Joseph and Mrs. Wall.)

But up in the sky there arose sirch a clatter
The pentagon tried to examine the matter.
And sent up an Atlas assolilting the air-
Which lodged in the foot ot a reindeer there,
And only Cadet Colonel Letham must know
This topssccret origin oi “missile-toe"

Season’s greetings to the Brrrkles in Japan.
CCUN and riggins, Dan

To Henderson. Craig. and Martindale, Molly
And the IRC, and Schol‘icld, Holly.

A Christmas apparition oi high attrition
To our respected Midwestern House oi Admission:
A quiet yulctide ior Poly. Sci.

rroehlrchcs Weinachtcn, Mr. Baay.

Santa please stop to see Timothy Merrill,
Send El pair of shears to Tuffy Terrill
And a liquor book for old EL.

Benowilz gels Leonard, who is cute as hell.

It Came upon that midnight clear,
For Snyder and Ballick, a 5 ft. beer,

DEC}: the halls with Fuller, Charlie,
Gill‘iitll and Gleysteen and Ron Gnult, too.
Mary F. Newman rides the trolley —

Joe Okumu had the flu.

For C Edwin Gllmour (before it‘s too late\
Bring Kennedy and Khrushchev here to debate.

Give a grit to Hoops and Neuhaus, Shirley

To the students for Peace, and leader, Curley,
And while we linger on agitation

Here's a meal tor the Washington delegation.

Round the tree in circles great
Run this Empowered heads of Statc,
The Three Big H's and Jill perform
Two in Council and two in the dorm.

For the athletic world of iock

We hang a sweaty Christmas sock

For Presidents 01 every hall

An organized, sanctioned Christmas hr-awl.

@ilie %dmtg Hf ﬁnned

 

hy John Ward

“Hark" said l cnlcirng the
post ollrc “I seem to have roe
ceivecl a mi we."

My companion spoke glee—
iully. “And 1, too. have drscor»
crcd a paper oi unknown nature
in my mail box." immediately,
l whipped out my slide i lo
and computed the probability
or such a happening. The od
were 3 to 1 against the iicciii»
r-ence. - »
ceeded
move
spective mails
and to ponder
them careiully.

“Why," said I
”it is our sched-
ule of ﬁnal ex
aims for this so-
mester." . a

My companion Ward
responded. "Arid rt is complete
with a handy dodt-yourselt
schedule for the lower division
classes. Let us return to our
room and calculate the ending
of the year."

I acquiesced and we marched
oil in the northerly direction,
my eyes sparkling trom walking
into the wind and iroin anticie
pated joy at the prospect an
ending the year.

We reached the
spread the various semester-
exoin directives on the desks
and beds and chairs, We made

our

room E\ n d

'lit back to mil 6
and to interpret

(lone. ‘Ve
our nor]:
the results.

As :\ point oi intormction, 1
am a junior and my companion
is a senior. Like most ju' cm
I am tolnng scvcral lower dr—
vision coiirses My companion is
in the upper echelon in his inns
jor ﬁeld and has many seminars
and independent proiccts.

imagine my horror- when I
found out that i have tire imal
exiinls on five Consecutive day..
But in addition, while taking
my ﬁrst cxains l am still going
to be attending ﬁrst semester
classes in German. phy . and
logic. During the iunior liberal
arts exam I will be attending
classes in second semester Gore
man, ph , et al.

I scored tor my companion
lest he go mad when he saw
his schedule, for, being a senior,
he is apt to be highly nervous
and high-strung. I need not
have worried, for his exams
take place on the irrst three
days oi the upper di sion
schedule and he has a 28-day
vacation till upper division
classes resume. -

Entia non suiit . . ,

The semester examination
schedule is incredibly wells
planned Committees must have
worked long and hard trying to
set up a schedule that would
be fair to all. Some poor secre—

a master calendar and two mas—
ter schematic diagrams of the
schedules. These we nailed on
the wall. Translating group
numbers to calendar dates oe-
cupied the better part at an
hour.

The next step was to trans.
pose these figures onto the
calendar. My slide rulc verit—
ably ilcw as 1 called out dates
and times. Thcii iic were

A bowl oi wassail,
A ligger ot gin
For Roger C. Porr-
And Calnal sin.

tary must have worked fingers
to bones typing the cryptic
stencils explaining the proce-
dures and programs The iunior
liberal arts exam syllabus is a
masterpiece oi philosophy.
Whiteheadion in its simplicity.

But thc entire production
is s to obey the “rule ot the
greatest simplicitv" so iinpoiu
tent m the history of science.

é

Cherubs lift their heads and pucker
For Ruthie G, and Larry Smuckor
And Robbins, Eddic and Zi\'in. Gall
And Michael A Burr, tho il'antic mule

Keep the ClCZ‘iVGI‘S out o[ the Scapuss' reach:
Lat Sheldon thner Come back to teach.

To Cabinet Secretary. Eleanor Zine,
A Christmas wish from Susan Klein.
And to b 'ghten Curtis Bradiord's liie,
Publication rights trorn Yeats' wile.

A Christmas pot Iol‘ Bennett Bean

And Stephen VVoDd. our favorite Dean.
And add a wrCzith for Evelyn G.

And James C. Slauss and the Family P.

A hall and hearty yulc is soon

For Diane Connolly and Roommate. Jeanne;
And tor Dorie Newton and Margaret Post
Wt: otter up an cggnog toast,

Joy to the World and Randolph Reed
To Gretc rind Vivian and Susan Mead
And Kathy Friend and Bruce M. Becker
From Bernstein, Judi, morals cliccircr.

And tor three wise men oi great foresight
McLean and Glenn and Paul Courtrrght;

Add some cheer tor Huber, Pat,

And Richard Cei-verie and William Platt.

For John H. Peale and Richard On‘
Christmas spirits begin to pour:
Bring more Clips to hold the brew
For Welly, Hamilton and Roberts. Sue.

Merry Christmas irom Hansen, Samuel and Gray
To Davids, Mai-ail, Lightboru-nc and May;

And to the Millers, all tlnrteeii

Arid Mitchell, Mary and Thompson. Jeanne.

Sing Christmas Carols in Merrill Park
For Parish, Erwin, Seeder and Clark:

For the Artist's league and Cooper, Marty
A Surrealistic Christmas Party

To those oi you whose names aren't here
Look to another Noel next year;

And imally, not with tongue in cheek
We wish you a wonderiul Christmas week.

The Staff and the“ same

For tiic creators oi this sched-
ule i would lrk to quote Wil-
liam oi Occam who said- “Entia
non stint multiplicrinda practcr
necessitatcml" This translated
roughly can mean "Don’t nlilltis
ply things beyond necessity." or
"Conliise not, lost ye be con—
iiised.“

End the semester hciorc
Christmas and have n twnsn'eek
reading per-ion aitcrwards, or
else return to the scheduling
of the past with modiﬁcations,
but the way things are going
now can lead to general pam—
noia and diverse terms at i .
sanity on the part at the Stu—
dent bedy. and the nroicssors.
Whipping out my dependable
slide rule, 1 ﬁnd that I have a
50750 chance oi passing my
exams, but the chances oi ﬁnd-
ing out wiicn and where my
exams will be held is approxi—
mately so to l . . . against.

ofdferd

To the Editor:

Open Lcttel‘ to Mr. \Nilliom
Halama, President of the Grin-
nell Student Government Asso-

ciation.

Dear Bill: ‘

Student government at Grin.
nell has had to iace its first
major crisis in recent weeks.
While some oi the excitement
has died down, however, the has-
ic issue has not yet been decid—
cd. That is the question wheth-
er student government shall
have the right to express itself
on matters not directly related
to the welfare of students. Some
have felt that only campus idc
reierenda are the proper med.
ium ior the expression of stu-
dent opinion on national and in—
ternational issues. Others icel
that student otircers and Sans
ators. once elected, must have
the irecdom to vote as a body
and express themselves collecA
tively on any subject in which
they are vitally interested

In objecting to ircouent res
iereda. you have expressed
the tear that only a small min-
ority of students might turn out
to vote on a given issue. i would
consider this an argument a.
gainst tl’el‘lucl‘it senate I'esoluV
tioris it a rcterendum does not
give strong backing to a senate
resolution. this is an indication
that on that issue the senate
does not speak- tor the student
body Fol whom, then, does the
senate speak?

When senators argue that they
speak only ior themselves, 2 's
is either insincere or unrealistic.
When senate resolutions receive
widespread coverage in newspaps
ers, on radio and Tv, it is in
eilect taken by the public to
represent strident opinion at
Grinncll. After all. uhen the
senate makes repi ntations to
the college administration on
campus matters. it does mean to
speak for the student body. and
properly so. As the Preamble to
your Constitution states, "the
so A. , . . shall administer and
legislate rules pertaining to all
aspects of student litc, . Stu-
dent oiircers and senators are
elected for that purpose and one
ly with that purpose in mind.

II the senate is inclined to e »
press itseli irequently on issues
oi national and international
concern whrclr will tend to be
controversial and have no pare
ticular relevance to campus his,
then iutirre campus elections
will be run along pzll'ty lines,
Then a candidate will have to
identity himselt as a Republican.
a Democrat, a Liberal, or an
Alllel'iCa—Firstcr. This, you will
agree, would destroy student
government.

Student government should be
strong, It can be strong only it
it enjoys the respect and trust
of the student body. It can ens
joy this position only if it ex»
ercises those iunctrons ior which
LETTERS
CONT. P. 7, COL. 1

 

Friday, December 8. I96I

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

lenox Quartet Will Give Concert

Th Lenox Quartet, which has.
overnight achieved the rank all
one of America's ﬁnest quartets,
will present a concert in Rob-l
erts Theater Sunday, Dec. lo, atl
2-30 p.m. This group of ll‘lllslr‘
cians met at Tanglewood only
four years ago as Fromm Flayr
ers, yet already seem destined
to become one ol the “top ﬁve"
in the very near future.

in the concert Sunday they
will perform the Haydn Quar-
tet. 0p. 76, No. 4, “Sunrise";
Elliott Carter Second String
Quartet (1959); and Beethoven
Quartet, Op, 132. t

Elliott Carter, contemporary
American composer, won the
Pulitzer Prize in Music for his
Second String Quartet (1959)
and this work has received nu-
merous performances by the
world‘s most outstanding quai»
tets. It is described by critics
as a very difficult work by even‘
the most experienced listener,
but, at the same time enormous-
ly impressive. It is, according
to Richard Howe (music), the
most “talked about" new cham-
ber work for several years.

The Beethoven Qunrtet, 0]).
132, which will end the pro-
gram, belongs to the famous
late quartets. The work is in
ﬁve lung movements, the third
or which is the well known
“Holy Song of Thanksgiving .
to the Divinity by a ConvaltzSA
cent, in the Lydian Mode." ,

The Lenox Quartct has re-
ceived outstanding reviews a-
cross the nation. Ross Parmen-.
ter said in December 1960, after
their appearance at Carnegie
Recital Hall at which they did

Two Will Repre

Al" Disarmament Conference luni°n C°mmlllee

Gi-inneil has been invited to
send two delegates to the “First
intercollegiate Conference on
Disarmament and Arms Control”
on Feb 15713, 1962. One repre-
sentative is to be sent from slur
dent government and one from
the student peacc group.

The conference will study in
depth the problems that sur-
round the achievement of peace
in the world today. The confer.
ence will provide students with
enough information so that they
can present the concrete prob—
lems surrounding disarmament
and arms control to the Campus.\
Many distinguished persons will‘
attend the conference as speak-l
ers and resource personnel. A-t
mong these will be Senatort
Joseph Clark of Pennsylvania;

l
l

the Carter: “Rarely docs one
encounter such sweet purity of
tone in an ensemble of caper
young inodernis it is a result
not only at pe ct intonation
and individual tonal reﬁnement
but also or the most exact
matching of tiinbi-cs. . , . Qtutc
literally each or the four play.
ers was playing furiously. Yet

Win/5F

n
, ta

there was no confusion, no lack ’

of control, no scratching, not

even any roughness. The plays ,,

ing was still exquisite, even

though it was animated by such ,

wild intensity. Each work was
approached in its own style and
each was brought vividly to life,
for clearly the group likes the
classics as well as the modems."

The Quartet is now living
in New York City, spent last
year in residence with the
Pittsburgh Symphony, and has
spent the last three summers
at Taiiglewood where they
ﬁrst met. .

All are outstanding musicians
in their own right. Peter Marsh,
1st violinist. studied under l-lans
Letz, Scott Willits and Emanuel
th n, Theodora Mantz, 2nd
violinist, worked with Louis
Drasncr and Szymon Goldbcrt,
and Paul Hersh, violist, studied
at Yale and under William
Primrose. Donald McCall worked
with Leonard Rose.

Sunday's concert is expected
to be one of the most outstandr
ing of the Grinnell College cone
cert season this year. Those who
were not able to get tickets at
the Union Wednesday, Thursday
or Friday may obtain thorn in
the Fine Arts division office be
fore the concert on Sunday. ‘

sen+ Grinnell

l
Homer Jack. Executive Director,

Committee for a SANE Nuclear
Polic, and Harrop Freeman,
Prof, of Law, Cornell Univ,,
author of “An Open Letter to
the President",

The Executive Cabinet has den
cided that appointment of the
student government representa-
tive shall be by application to
the Cabinet. Applications will be
due by 5 pm. on Monday to the
Executive Cabinet mailbox. and
should be accompanied by a
brief statement suggesting the
applicant's qualifications. As
with all Cabinet appointments,

, I

j .

Pat Nolan helps 2| young member of Uncle Sam's club to a Winston King.

roll at the annual club dinner which was lleltl in Cowlcs Tuesda

, night.

King Will Attend:
Ethics Seminar ‘,

Dr. Winston L, King, dean of
the chapel and hand professor
of applied Christianity, will rep.,
resent. Grinnell in an ethics Selnrt
inal‘ to be held at the Statel
University of Iowa this Satur—l
day.

Representatives from
Iowa’s 50 universities colleges
and junior colleges have been
invited to take part in the dis»
cussion of “The Responsibility
of the College for Student Val-
ties.”

The seminar is sponsored by
the S.U,I, Bureau of Labor and
Management, and School of Re-
ligion. '

each of

Plans YUIe Par’ry

The Union Christmas party
tomorrow evening will feature
a caroling tour to various places,
in the community, followed by
doughnuts, hot Chocolate andl
dancing in the Union lounge.
Those wishing to go carohng are
asked to meet at the Union at
7:30. ,
this will lie subject to ratifica—
tion by two-thirds of the Senate.
Because of the nature of that
conference, seniors will be in-‘
eligible,

 

HOLIDAY ON ICE 1962
Sunday. Jan. 7

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page Three

m '5 Dinner

250 Tickets Solcl
For Yuletide Fe+e

Ticket sales for the Uncle
Sam’s Club dinncr totaled about
250 according to Dana Dahl,
chairman of the club.

The annual dinner for the
town children was held Tues-
day night in Cowles dining room.
After dinner there was a mass
migration to ARH auditorium
to view three cartoons. Follow-
ing these, Santa dlaus came,

handing out candy canes.

Guests at the dinner were Mrs.
Robert Thomazin, director of
Uncle Sam's Clubhouse, Mrs.
George siiscns, a YWCA adviser,
Garnet Cox and Dr. and Mrs.
Various other
Y members of the Uncle Sam’s

board were there.

, «Admit».
(2014.:th queen

SQ“ «me

Times Square becomes National college aueen savaio

College Queens make
great discovery in New York!

of course, they loved the city—the fun and the excitement.
But they also learned about diamond rings—discovered there
is a way to he sure of the diamond you buy. They saw how
Artearved guarantees every diamond in writing for color,
cut, clarity and carat weight. They were impressed by the
prod] of value oﬁered by Artcawed‘s nationally~adveniscd
Permanent Value Plan, backed by the quality reputation of
this 110 year old ﬁrm. And, they were most delighted with
Arman/ad's magniﬁcent assortment of award-winning styles.

Visit yvllr local Ancarved jeweler and see all the wonder.

College ROTC Menl
Visit Air Base, fly 1

Air Science cadets l and ill
of the college's AFROTC de-,
tachment have recently com~§
pictcd a series of base visits to'
onutt Air Force Base, Omaha!
and a series of orientationl
nights in a UsSA out oi Dos!
Moinos. i

ful Ancarved styles, including those selected as the “10 best”
by the College Queens. He‘ll tell you why Artcarved is the
diamond you’ll be sure of and proud of all the rcslol your—life.

Leave Grinnell 3:30 p.m.
See the 5:30 pm. perform-
ance. Return before '[1 pm.

$5.50

EACH

Includes: Round Trip Bus Transportation Be-
tween annIown Grinnell and the Auditorium In
Des Moines.

®
rtcarve d

DIAMOND AND WEDDTNG RINGS

Ticket for $3.00 sear V i 5 CB V 5 e
Either Bus on Show Ticker available at $3.00 12:53:32,231: :3..,’.:‘.;:'.:
each. Call 236-4384—Or see us at 9:30 Main St. . , V. ' ,- r »

GRINNELL TRAVEL
CENTER

For some 0[ these cadets. this
was their ﬁrst visit to an zur
base or their ﬁrst airplane night,
of the 45 cadets enrolled in
AS I and II, 58 percent of the
Sophomores participated in EILI‘I-
er the base visitations or Ol'lellr‘
tation ﬁights, while 63 per cent
0i the freshmen participated in
either of the two.

 

 

Canterbury Tangrers Evening Star

 

 

ALL OF US AT WELLHOUSE WISH ALL OF YOU
THE HAPPIEST OF HOLIDAYS

 

EXCLUSIVELY

at

JOSEPH'S

In Grinnell

 

WELLHOUSE STUDIO

 

 

SCARLET ANDvBLACK

than“;
a‘s

W”

ti
‘i

I

 

The Spelunkers demonstrate equipment and technique under the direction of Kenneth Chllst-

‘innsen (Biology).
flufj‘ifl‘tﬂ‘ii’o 230353 3335 “Moon River' Leodsl
Top Twelve Songs I
{in Union Jukebox

pie" mum be an appropriate _Asaresu1t ol his studies Chris

remark a“ observe). might makeitlansen has recently been given

Upon seeing the group of mm ia research grant to continue such
According to John Gleysleen,‘
nion committee chairman, theI
ollowing are the top 12 listings

in the under-

teur Speleologistg (capers) hemjstudles of underground life in
at Grinnell as they emerge {minimum next year. He will also
one or the many caves they have attempt to learn the methods
been exploring. iused by a cave laboratorytherev

Under the direction of Keir 5° that M “a" set up H 5mm“ U

. . iabol‘ator near here when he
reth A. Christiansen (blology),jrcmms' y I

Cont, irom n, 1

tables,
turkey.

holilc'mado candy and

“Then we gathered, 300 strong,
in the drawing room. President
Main (probably the most hand»
ome college president this
USA, has ever seen, sixsl‘oo‘n
four and built for t) lit the first
yule log, with remarks about the

wonder and beauty oi the Christ—I

mass season and the hope that
we would carry it with us
wherever we went ._ country
communities or large cities, We
sang two or three carols by tire
light That was all — about a
halt hour. Dean Gates carefully

a'iiietal box made in which to
keep it for the iollowing year.

Each yule log is lighted from
the remaius oi the previous
year's log which has been sov-
ed in the yule log fire-box.

The metal box in which Dean

_ Gates placed the first log”: ems

tsical
lprayer and the singing of ”Silent

Friday, December 8,‘ I96I

EXp/ore Area (are ‘YUIGT'adH‘W—Explained

hers now rests inside a new
box dedicated in 1551 which is
kept by the Dean of Women.
On the lid oi the box are in-
scribed the names at all the
YWCA and AWS Board presi-
Gents

The ceremony today consists
of placing a wreath on top of
the log that has been preserved
‘in the fire-box. Both will be set
iafirc from last year‘s yule log
remains. The preserved log
symbolizes the tradition of a coir
tinuing spirit oi fellowship while
the wreath symbolizes friend—
lship and the Christmas spirit.

After the lighting of the ﬁre,

iquenchsd the log and later had‘rthere is traditionally the expla~

;nation of the meaning of the log,
‘a Christmas story reading, a mu-
‘ selection, a speaker, a

iNight.”

i An old Quadrangle record book
‘says of the first Yule Log core»
;mony, “the whole hour was rest»
iiol and insp ‘ng and full oi the

I Christmas spirit.”

 

the group, which varies in size
tor each expedition, explores var
ious eaves in the area Using
carbide lamps for light sources
well as additional flashlights
r safety, the group crawls
ihrougli long and tortuous pas-
sages often on their stomach in
lzopes of discovering interesting
rmations or, perhaps, a new,
Viously unknown passage.

However, ion is not the only
reason for speluliking. In addi-
iioli to the feeling or a sense
of adventure, Cliristinnsen has
another purpose. He is present—
ly studying the various forms

YWCA Holds Tea
In Loose Lounge

Members of the Grinnell
YWCA held their annual faculty
wives' tea yesterday afternoon
in Loose lounge from 376.

Approximately 200 faculty
‘wives attended the function so
companied by YWCA members.
.The purpose of the tea was to
give the women and girls an op-
portunity to get acquainted with
one another in an informal at»
mosphere.

GLASSES

Made and Repaired in
our Laboratory.

Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS-

EYES
EXAMINED

E. J. Jensen. 0D.

Optometrist

Across from Post Office

 

 

 

 

_ on the Union juke box
On a recent expedition to Mar -

quoketa Cave State Park the _ .
SpeLIlnkers saw some interesting cini ‘
formations and grew a few 01‘ 2. Seventh Son — Mose Allison]
their own. in the torm of bumps,‘ 3_ A Cam” Gm 7 Ernie K_
bruises and scrapes. Although.Doe

‘ I 01‘ Casualties of this I 6 may _
”m" yp ‘ 4. The Wanderer — Dion i
5. Unehain My Heart A Ray

‘occur, saiety is of the utmost im- l
lal‘e strictly followed. :cmﬂes

iportanee and certain safety rules:
I One of these rules is that all; 6 please ML postman _ M3,.

‘the members of the group havelveuaus
at least two light sources as welli ~

as extra carbide and water. The‘ 7. Midnight
“buddy". and often “triples"IBIaCkweli
system is carefully followed. By‘ a. Mina Bird 7 Stringmngs

iollou-ing these and a few other 9‘ The Fly _ Chubby Checkers
Isimple but extremely important 10 1 Understand __ Gmefsi
‘precautions Spelunking can be a - ,
Isafe yet at the same time an en-‘ 11- Language of Love ~ John
' D Loudermilk

I
‘Joyable and educational expcre’
12. Runaround Sue — Dion

3 _ GIVE' THE GIFT
THAT MEANS MORE
TO PEOPLE

BRAND NAMES you KNOW
TOILETRIES FOR MEN
COSMETICS
CHRISTMAS CANDY
CHRISTMAS CARDS
CAMERAS
TOYS

AT YOUR ONE STOP
SHOPPING CENTER

W ”/1414

tam-4%“: GRINNELL’V
TWMBEé-slSI

I
t
i
I
I

Oil 7 Charlie,

I

I

 

 

 

 

1, Moon River 7 Henry Manrl.

 

scuttle weight all wool — with the gehlle‘
Sktrt shaping achieved with tiers
formed by mvislbly stitched tuckingt

POYNTER'S

< 4TH AVE. FASHIONS

Grinneli's Complete Style Shop for Women
“Something Naw Every Day”

 

 

 

Friday, December 8, I96I SCARLET AND BLACK

 

Sen. Goldwater To lecture Here;

Conservative Senator Bari‘yl“Wc do not know “lint \\'ill be lures was to pICsehI. "two pct-i
Goldwater will be the 1962 ICC»‘of importation next October ‘llliCEil philosaplllcs ill (lcar and
turei‘ iii the Program in Free lHowever, Goldwater seems to be deﬁnite contrast,"

tical PoliLlCal Education, ac- Ia deﬁnite contender for the RC» Gilmour pointed their

out ,

cording to c. Edwin Cilmour, puhlican Presidential nomina—
dircctor. ition in 1964. and 1962 is also an

Gilinour also hopes during the ‘election year” _ ,
second semester this year to usel 3313““ I0 ““5 "“5 Cape-
a political attitude and interest lmt'Humi’h'W ‘1““1 “1'9““

quostionnairc as an initial step‘ slicer Inaugurahng “the series,
in dctcrmining the results of the Gum“? “mare“: , I 4““ P“
PPPE program. It is expected “ad-V ‘0 S“¥,”‘“° was “'5'
that the test will be gwcn toI bm'lcev 3““ “ “w” “'“5' “‘
students over a period or years W35!” ”Emma- swat“
in order to ascertain any signiﬁ— Cave‘ia” ’5 the WW“ ““k‘

cant changes in student aware-I ing Republican senator and
ness of political v 12th ranking among the cntrrc

issues, i _
These two announcementsi “WU-5‘ ”mm”-
“Like S e n a t o )'

highlighted a rcccnt prcss con-1 _ Humphrey,
rat-spec Grimm”. herd m 3"Capelial‘t is a member of the

campus journalism class, tallrimportant Senate Foreign

Thc date for the Guldwatcr‘RelatlonS committee, the area in
lecture has bccn sct ioi- Oct. 24.lwhich most or the discussion of
His topic has not yet bccn deeflhe Wednesday night debate
termined. Gilmour pointcd out: lay " The purpose or the loc—

Book By King Will Be Published

and Christianity; Christian llleism and Buddhist

“Buddhism

originally Senator Capehart wzsl
schcdulcd to speak ﬁrst. Witlit
Senator Humphrey the Thu
llccturcl Scnator Hlunphrey‘sl
South American trip rorccd that
“change, to which Senator Cape-‘
ylizlrt readily agreed. I
l "The real value” of tho lece
turcship, Gilmour stated, was
the “men-in csidenre" part or
‘tllc program. He cstnnatcd that
at lcast onc third or the student
,bodv visited with at least one‘
participant. including debate,
moderator Clark Mollcnhon, “in
sonic depth” either at dinner,
in class, or
activrty.

,Newspaper Fu d
Presents Awards

I ThreE students from Grinnell
participated in the Newspapcr‘
hind summcr scholarship pro—

through iniormal I

Page Five

Students Ailend Easl Housepariy .

 

day‘.

Sornc Bridges to Understanding,
a book by Winston L. King,
(philosophy and religion) is
scheduled for publication nexl:
summer by thc Westminster
Press, Philadelphia.

This new book is in addition‘

to another volume, “In the
Hope of Nibbana,” which King
has already contracted tor with

Open Court. Publishing C0,. La-
Salle, [11,, for publication in
late 1962 or early 1963.

atheism, Cllnstian Prayer and grain. Patti Samuel worked at'
Buddhist meditation, Christian the Iowa pang ctrmnmwesg
guilt and Buddhist dukkha (sufr pat Huber worked at the Des
rel-inc), Christian selflessnessMompg Registap and Tribune!
and Budhist noiself, and other and Jim Hatﬁeld worked at the
comparative themes. Tama News-Herald.

Both books are partly derived
from King's cxperionces, study,
‘and observation during the near»
ly two years, 1958.60, which he
spent in Burma as a visiting pro—
fessor at the International In-
Istitute of Advanced Buddhistic

rrom The Wall Street Journal,,
awarded each applicant a ssooi
scholarship
year's
successful
“10"5

The Fund. supported by grants

toward his noxt
college expenses upon
cornplction of sunle:
work on an approvedl

In the book ior tho Westmin- IStudies, Rangoon, plus several
ster Press, King deals with ‘months in India.

Tree-Trimming Parties Will Be
Sal‘urday; Caroling Is Planned

Iestivitics Loose hall has invited all Iacul—
‘ty children between the ages of

t. . _U ELLEN"? ﬁve and eight to help decorate
“‘“mmg 1“” c‘ p y the tree. During the afternoon,

both men and women. South . ..
r Cl v l ‘
Younkcr and Dibble are having 53”" “'5 ‘ ‘1 ”S‘t'

their parties tonight, Refresh—I g g _
mm: m” b0 served ‘llcth Clli'lstizlnsen's tarnily and

Cowles WestNmis EaStNorr Beniamin Graham's family to
“5' Smnhy Clam Gates andlbe its guests. Main, Mcars,

Langan will have their decorat- Jam“: Ham“ “d Raid 1““
in“ parties tomorrow evening have their hall parties with lust

Rawson hall's party will consist,‘he ha” members»

of decoiating a Christmas tree lCe Rink To Open

and a Cl‘lal‘ltikah bush The date
In Early January

Campus yuletidc
will begin tonight

has not been set, I
North Younker will combiner

’ - —t-' 'n‘ art withl , , . _
its “as ”m“ 5 p y . l The new ice skating rink is
its llouscpai'ty LOITiOl‘XOW night, I

Ischedulcd to be open for use
A hot

I” attcr the Christmas recess, area
served before the decorating be-

iurkey dinner will

, . rcording to Irv Simonc (physical
53“ Lam" ‘“ the ”em“ cgg'jcducation). Students arc remind—
}cd to bring ice skates back to
with they

in January.

nog will be served,

Tomorrow ailei‘noon the wom-

school them when

trccs l

cns halls will trim thcir ”mum

Cleveland hall has Vasked Ken?

newspaper. I

Kun’rz Gives Fifth
I'Realil‘y' Lec’rure

Paul Kuntz (philosophy andi
religion) gave the lirth in thc‘
laculty series or chapel talks on
”Approaches To Reality" this
morning. There is a cotrcc hour-
on his topic, “15 X Ream", in
.Younker Lounge at 4:15 this ar-i
tcrnoon.

Studen'fs Asked
,For Shop Ideas ;

Announcement of second scin—
cster workshops will be made
.during the month of January.

Individuals having suggcstions
Iconccrning the types of works
,shops to be offered are asked
‘to consult with Georgia Dental,‘
Iactivitlcs counselor, betoro Jail,“

llCoIIege turd j

I
l
I

 

 

Vl/iiislon King, dean of the
chapel, will spcak Sunday morn,
ing at 11:30 in Herrick chap 1‘
His topic will be “Reality Ap-
‘proachos Mall."

 

 

FOR THE RIGHT GIFT

we HAVE We

ALL VARIETIES t
OF MUSIC

 

 

LEEPERS MUSIC

 

ART GIVERS SHOP AHEAD

4514‘ WWW!

4r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I‘

”Write; Marx"
MAKE SHOPPING A PLEASURE THIS YEAR

CO.

 

Rockne McCarthy and Joan Schlitz come in to join the East
Norris houseparty which was held in the rrirate Dining R0021
last Saturday night

CALENDAR OF SOCIAL EVENTS

, Friday, Dec. 3

Drama—"The Caucasian Chalk Circle.I B p.m., Roberts Theater.
Christmas Tree Decorating Parties.

Saturday, Deer 9

Drama—“The Caucasian Chalk Circlc‘y p,nl., Roberts Theater
Union Caroling Party and Dance, 7:30—caraling; 9:307dancing.
Christmas Tree Decorating Parties.

Sunday, Dec. 10

Lcnov String Quartet, 2:30 pm, Roberts Theater.
Boar-s Head Dinner, Cowlcs.
Yule Log Dinner, Quadrangle.

Wednesday, Beer 13

Christmas Concert, 8:30 pin, Roberts Theater.
Thursday, Dec. 14

Christmas Concert, 3 pin. Robcrts Theater.
Christmas Formal Dance, 3:30 pm., Darby gym

 

 

* FELLOWS — SEE YOUR
HALL REPRESENTATIVE

%( GIRLS -—- SIGN THE LIST
ON YOUR BULLETIN
BOARD

Chief Again—David McBIain
Eqsi- Norris—Ed Johnson
Wes? Norris—Larry Shogerson
Cowles—Chip (Phil) Cowles
Dibble—Fred Onusch
Clark—Steve Schoolman
Gases—Jay Burdole

3‘69 ,
473
355
552
458
461 '
562
371 .
453 ‘
352

Rawson—Dave Palmer

Langan—Skip Hughes

Smith—L. B. Klure

North Younker—Greg Erwin

South Younker—Jack Hansen

South Campus—Mary Heiiiger
Cathy McDonald
Valerie Luck

McBLAIN'S FLOWERS

 

 

 

 

Page Six SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. December 8, l96l

Overseas Columnist Tells Experience; ¥Jewlsll S+uden+ Group Holds Re.Tria| 0K2] '
Harrowing Travel 0n Greek Highways Folk Dance Salurday Nighl- -
. , . . , ,, ,By High Court

 

by Nancy \Vclch high heals (the gym teacher at

, . Anatolia, incidentally, always . ,» , ‘ . ' . ,7 .- > .
For a resident oi Anatolia Col~ wears a dress and high heels . . , .. - , , ‘ . . - . l Laffegvf:l:‘télc‘lgéih iiirllaiidgil

legev 5“ evening in Thesolonlkl'evcn while teaching) Some ,
him-i ‘“" “‘F”““‘”‘el ”‘l M‘- lcreek this I have an, W " - : rr‘i 2‘32; 21:33.3:
5‘9“”.‘g ‘3,“ “dc “W“ “9 _1“1.‘- cd, but high heels are just not ' . . that the procedures med m the
N Is “mama because “we Islwm‘ 1 mm ”mfmable ”n‘ ‘primary court trial violatcd the

no other way of getting into the . g ».

city, short or hitching a ride on,g";§n“;;;lfmagg‘egp, But me“ ’lghls of the detendant.
a donkey, or simply walking' g ’ ' , . ‘ Thou h the men‘s rimar
(with only the latter having beenl Greeks are a very emotional , _ ~ - ‘ , t tum” found [he deitcndg‘m ml
attempted by me i i think my' people in all that they do. This, 2 , . - . . ' , - ~ammoudv Emmy we High
legs aretoo long tor donkey l'ldrt oi course, makes them most in. ' t ,, p - ' lean” m, ”m ,im procedum
ing); the college is located on a tcresting to work with and to , , -. 7 . , - mm” d in W cm mum lead
hillside about three miles out observe, for you always know , . , - ., , . . to stemmed mm if not COL
side oi town. how they are reacting to the . . . rooted immediately.

As for 'the excitement angle situation at hand, and often , . , . - ,

of the bus ride — well. this, too, even how they will react to , _ . , According to Chief Justice
is a certainty, for in Greece all Future happenings (though they _ ' . , ' . . John Brocker, the procedural
forms of public conveyance are selliam project themselves into ‘ , y ‘ , - . ‘d,rcgai-tl speciﬁcally cited in-
a rare treat in themselves. Most advance reckoningsl- , , . , _, ‘ cludcd the tailurc ot the pri-

or the buses, tor example, are : l , ,mai-y court to consider section
of the 1940 vintage school bus‘ “When I “‘7‘ d°w"‘°“’“ I “i““l’l _ . . ‘ . ‘ ' ll\\'0 of the Bill oi Rights of the
l

type and sport interim “"‘C’Seml’o bleas‘faodwnii'alid-haze 3:1": ' : . . . . '. _Grinnell Student Government
wear and tear would support 3 °“ ‘ ' ‘V ‘c ’“5 g, 5 « - , r ‘ -- ' ' Constitution which provides that
. .sliow that I am not truly indoc- ,, - » g , ,
that thesis, t . . . _ . the accused shall haul? the
_ , trinated into the spirit of Greece _ , a“. «l L F d t , _
However no one has is with . . _ . ,. _ p iigit o con iont an o cioss
, , . (or, for that mattei. of any Eulo t . . ,,

out its own unique bit of color.,peam_ 0,, weekends [he masks , . .. examine all of his aecuscrs
Each bus. d“. e" ”595 “‘5 pail‘Q‘iilusuallY SW3“ “'1‘“ “‘30“ 31‘ «, . ' . - The High Court decided that
13“ “ag‘nam” ‘9 “955 ”P “‘5 lenloy a leisurely dinner. lllen _ ‘ , r‘ , testimony at a hearsay nature
bus 8rd demamns ”use f'°’.“,besin their “night lite" about , a _ g . , appeared in this case, and
lie‘,” '8 ‘10": and baskets 0‘, “r“: midnight At the few places that , ~, _ i , there was no prosecutor is de»
““31 “P‘Yersl .‘° "“91 5mm“ havethelniﬁoor shows never be~ » ' . termine it this evidence was
and religious lCDHS- igin hetore 1 ant though music is . , . , oi summm quziiiy i0 bring
But these phenomena, along always played continually any- . ‘ . , , ‘ ' these people themselves before
with myriad: of curious Gl‘eekSEwlicre in Greece, . \ . ‘ - - . the court. It the testimony of

who pack the bus with them—i ‘ .. _ . , , . l these people was considered,
selves, their parcels and their. Most Greeks «out lndultse in ~ , ‘ l} m de‘endﬂnt had no chance
i
l

 

 

clatter ate onl aims of costly entertainment anyway, for - _, . I
23:35:} I y 13 ,walking and talking at (Greeks. to cross emu-lune them

. . inevcr talk will-trench person has;
p.35“? bi? 5“},1‘i“.if,‘il,‘,‘f‘ii.:s is: ll°° much to say W himself) lilst Court also tclt that section two
“r” .9 . ' t ends is all the sport that thel . , of the Biii 0; Rights was Vioipi.
Greek drivers are noted with l , _ i . . . , “
H for Wu Sm “or sane 3 ‘av age Greek needs. Thus, tlie‘ . . > , g , ,cd “sisere ii grates i,e (the (is.
iact which i: more than appiurr “Taverna” (“WWW 0f "‘9 . . ' . ‘, . , tfendanl) shall be advised in
‘.t-oom u-ith bare tables and, _ . , r , , ; . lwﬁung 5f the Chayge against

eat at all times on all thor. . . . , . _ . , . . . ‘ ‘ .. ,
oughinrcs Driving becomes 3‘. ”fl” iﬁagjflo‘tgﬁ';€3,231]? _ Partners sw g and dosey—do at the folk dance last Satu day {“11} 1;.“ ”daﬁ‘dfmf ‘3‘“ "”t
more or less a perpetual game a; “if S; 3mm] mam Extent ntigliit in the women‘s gylm Tlleudance sponsored by the Jewish cine 5:13:19 fgahi]: I)?!“ H: if;
u « n - _ s u on s grou was ea y a ca er and iii sical ed c t'on t eh. ‘g - 'r
M “hm” 1“ "‘9 “'5‘ ”1““ than any oi the “fancier" restauaer irom Chicggo, Mrs, c. Postl. ‘ y u a ' e,“ ,told only to appear in court.

Greek roads remind one .
. rants, s eh atherln‘s are alrl _ . .
strangely oi Iowa highways — “ ‘1 3 stclhmg, he proceeds without The High Court also believes

. ,ways noisy, whether lntcllectuall 1P . . , , >
””7 3" “S“a‘ly ‘1‘“‘° “”0“" or light in the nature of disciis-‘ caution, whether it involves l I 050p Ica SS Film the mens primary court

Secondly, Greeks, in true Sim lunwdingwmehwd “along rred in admitting testimony

European lashlon. drive without , . . -N I: 1' H d‘not pertainin to the speciﬁc
headlights at night. or course, ant As tor student leisure actrv. , line (a _Grcek qualitylevcry ‘, ames 0 [0" ea -.chm.ge_ The; sla‘cd that the
occasional tlicker is kosher, but, ities, Greek teenagers are not l Gmnsllmn hevdsli healing ills l lcourt must remain iudicially
to make yourself really seen, unlike the American youth in , donkey on the main street of i Nicholas G Fotlon of Coe Colr‘neutral and must conﬁrm itself
is apparently impolite. Hazard, their love tor the more eher- l m,“ or merely Showing his lcge, Cedar Rapids, was elected to questions of clar y. It should
\number three comes with the getic terms of dance, Greek . amine Mends'hi or dis “5‘ president of the lowa Philoe retrain from questions of a pros—
crowds of Greeks who are out‘ music is a last tempo, while l g . p g sophical Association at the an- ecution nature.

\valkjng on the mad; evapyl Spanish music and American l for one 0“"5 FerrsSWh 0”“ nual meeting held here recently‘
night, and particularly on week- rock and roll are also popular- l actions are carried out. and with about 100 attending ironi

ends, ‘ Music is an integral part 9i . looked upon. simply as a part all parts oi the state. gff‘zgnfelgvggltﬁz‘flccejiiefo'lygigiz
Everyone in Greece seems tel ”’0 “my mm"! “”9 l" ‘ oi the daily routine. i Fotion succeeds Paul G. Kuntz deﬁnney and deﬁned procedures

participate in the evening “Volta,”l 0"?“- ‘Rkinﬁ 2* smml ““13 ‘i (philosophy and religion), Nam. . . _
and iiksmge, everyone lxvoitasni *0 life-Mood- ; For these reasons i find the cd secretary was William Paul {:3 the 23595, Lame?“ Wm:
nAurilierous donkey carts, wagons. However, the Greek 1ng for Greeks mi oiiiy mpg. interest- of Central College, Fella. ,th‘s c212? 55:92315 :{g‘g‘jd
d“ “”5 ‘5 9" 5” “mm"? °f‘nluslc shines through here, too, ing, but downright charming Be- Next year's session is planned 5 l ”‘1‘ a
own the middle of the ioad. nd 1h ,_ . I ,h- - f . the Student Senate to lane im—
t bk dt k u t 1 a e on cropping o is is cause cranks are seldom 0m“, oi late October at Mount Mercy , _
11100!“ i 35 a" ”‘3 5 “a 3 5° singing, Americans may likewise . College, Cedar Rapids. mediate action on the sll’dalwn-
call the road home, enjoy songs“: but a group 01 totious, they are always pleasant
More people are killed each lGreek pipis vocaiiziimxwevngnlto be around. Thus, tor the f'dSrl
year on Greek mods than in Sunday” or “on, Susannah" einated young travel service scho~
any “h" °°““"3’ ‘." “‘5 “mt ‘lnalfes Friday night in the Quad tar, every night in Thessoloniki . ‘ ~ MAKE
and the reason ls apparent: =dining room Seem like pure se—I. ,, , , '
iiim m simpiy too many “my. ,is somewhat ot a night on the

\ .
moving objects in too little i ll i. b - ‘ k‘ ’ l
space, l, But a night’s entertainment; low" or an“ yet’ 3 (”ea , > THIS

Arrival in town only means‘fcr me is simpler still: I delight serial exnerlence.

, , . ' hing more cleborate than ‘ -

more righting tor survivalt The i“ “m _ . i . . A

half of the population that is not, “’5‘ °bse‘.‘f‘“g GM“: “5““ » SHOE

walking on roads outside of thevab‘mt then very GTEEk lives. "Til: wantDeFJAzzllaJmuvtdonla SKATING

- ~ . Mingling with the crowds 01 (I. H 'n/ini'li't j“ l" " . .
C t 5 out f t] e i e a}: I I c: a mo or pro
3;, of T;;;,“;,;,_ germ: rhesssiomn aways ones a at. a, loan has. , SKATES

. ‘ , ‘ iI-vall, and lo 0v: mediatrtli‘u of (has: 1

have two types: the person outeXpellcncr-x and I enioy doing ‘f‘ D“ a . um“ . - ALL SIZES
ior his nightly walk and the per—:this mainly because the Greek‘ ﬁﬂilhm‘fiu‘fifs‘pifi'Zi’Eﬂfi'uy'gaiyfn . VACATION
son (winger: periodictal hopping peeing are so my naiuiai in Ag;in:h;‘slijn_ icailsltllsloicloll; ,
spree, e ormer go 5 in your . . _ . .. m an llclrlu,arl nalytt cute 1
way because he is too iackgdagi.tau mm 3mm“ and “Ct‘v‘t‘es' fromtlsrooir/nlliiilnrrondtiiedrnre l
cal about getting anywhere lnl To be sure, there is a def— "’ W" l“ "‘7‘ Flamiherwnnliuul
particular, and the latter because . ~ . - - - ”Wm WM uVNAllONALREVlEW.

inite lack or organization in

» tent m (It: no.
he is dead set on getting some. . . . m min,“ ., . Wm- lath-row,
where fast, or knowing the ML their lives, but there is also a e :- ”mushmwwm.

son why, a complete lack of pretension. ‘ I5iN-Y>;Iﬂrlll!(bpy.
But despite comma"), AWl-ien a Greek leels like doing» i

crowded street cond'ions,l
l
l
l

The majority of the High

The majority of the High

 

 

 

 

shopping in Thessaloniki is to
me a fascinating occupation —-
both in the main street stores
which rival any we have in the

SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL I ‘ THE RIGHT

states and in the colortul mar— * Smith ' c°"°"° : ‘ ’ GIFT FOR
ket place. * ouvem ‘ YOURSELF ‘ CHRISTMAS

Frying into odd eorncrs oi the‘
market is indeed iun for displac-, ~ , * Hermes OR
ed American girls. but on the‘

“m” 35 °“ ”‘9 “‘95 we ‘°"E Low cost REPAIR ON ALL MAKES , OTHERS

eigncrs must get used to outr‘,
and-out stares. Grecks are not at. * * * *

. r

all subtle about their cul'iauslty!: SEE US FOR;

m
T0 “C “Fe; Amricans ("er Personalixed Address Labels I
quite obvious in a Greek crowdl Imprinted Match Book Covers
For one thing. we arc generallyl School and Party Sup lies eor e
more casual in both action andl M‘meo ra III P ,
dress. Grcck women, tor exam—t ' 9 P “9
pie always dress just a httie oitl GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY ‘v HARDWARE
mom nicely than their means "ACROSSFROM THE POST OFFICE" , ,_ -

can‘vaﬂo‘rd, and they always wear

all V

 

 

 

 

‘
Friday, December 8. |96|

Page Seven

 

Jefferé [0

Cent. from p. 2

o it was instituted (see pi-eamblel
and on the basis of wliieii its
representatives were elected.
When you and your fellow ole
ficers and senators were elect-

'ed, you were chosen because

you were "good" men and \vo-,

men, competent administrators,

and people of discretion i
You were not chosen because

you held certain political or

ideological views, Student govs

ernment at Grinnell has been a

wondertul and promising revival

‘ in recent years. II it is to Iulfill
that promise, we must keep poi»
ty polities out of it.

Let student government leg—
islate and administer according
to its mandate. And by all
means, let us have students exs
press themselves on any issue
of importance beyond the cata-
pus, either individually, or as a
group by reiercndum, And it
you believe that your mandate
is wider than what I believe it

a

jdecidcs either w y,
decide whether h

ﬁnance

Annual Chrisl’mas Concerl

To Be Wednesday, Thursday

and St, Matthew.

Soloist will be Donald
Nelson (formerly of the Grin.
iiell faculty), tenor, as narra—
tor. Nelson is currently
on the faculty at Simpson
College. other soloists are
Fredrilta Mduck, soprano, and .

Terry Moore (men's physical

Gl'tnncll’s concert of Christ.
mas music will be prcscntcd
by the College choir and instru—
mental ensembles from the Col—
lege Orchestra The ﬁrst con.
eert uill be given Wednesday,
at 5:30 pm. to follow the
Quad formal Christmas din—
ner, Thursdays concert will be
crtoimed at a pm so that _ ,
students and laculty may at educatlnnl, baritone-
tend both the concert and that The second half of the cons
Iormal Christmas dance. Both cm Mn be devoted to "A cuss
concerts will be given in Rob-1 . ,, , . ,
crts Theater. Tickets are not re-i‘“_°ny °f Cimlj“, by Be"“"‘,”‘
qwcd [0,. admwsmm iBIllten, This walk. one of tie
Mme Christmas Stomp most popular of contemporary

by
Heinrich schutz will he

per-e‘coinposer Britten, will be Del—
Iormed by the choir and small iornied by the women’s cn
ensembles of vocalists and in- we of m Chou. Wm, Barb,

strunientalists. In this allnosl-‘ .. ,. . .
300_yca,._uld work (he ”mum Barrett, harpist, Soloists wil. be
Gail Perish, soprano, and Julia

al Christmas story is brought
Chatterton, alto.

a

If iT I S . i
[/w Editor ‘ rave - um i
ioyuu- sou Scholars RClllm i
to the present cirilization or to
doubts mm we Postnuclcar scholarship itinners returned to
state will differ abruptly irom Gi'mimll recently to 9m 190*
no" or mm. 10 pm. CE“, 0,. gg‘wdes and meet individually
per cent of the “midis popula‘llllill students inter sted in
less [Ilani _ _
the most cataclysmic event in TM 'CU'H‘W. Swen“ ““6
‘ at), and Rebecca
I reali7e that moral consideras yum. in Ceylon, and Waller.
on the grounds that they have - 1,1 00' Mm Spent 2‘ yea“
‘ , ‘ Y Vlln )(lﬂ.
no piaetieal ieleiance We ale, i
more moral trespssses out intuition“ (flames Pref"; .1185, ‘
the final corruption of tlie en-i“°“"“ W a“ e“ “we ‘3‘“:
, iavailable to graduating seniors
9‘1““ Ithis academic year. It tltldi|ioll-‘
of was itself. This is iiisiﬂnili-tained, more scholar-ships will‘
cant beside the changes that‘i,e pmvidci
Forerunllcrs of this change
can already be seen in the na—

SCARLET AND BLACK
he must fll‘sl‘
the post-nuclear state I have no Three formtr li'avelssel‘vice
the present one The annihila. lurcsi hold discussions, show
mm cannot pass as ‘learning about their experiences.
the history of mankind,
ho each spent a

tions are many times ignored NCWHL
not denung here however mm The Committee on the Interim—1
me body of Judcorcmlsﬁaniclcsel‘vitc scholarships will be
I am not referring to the reel zll ﬁnancial resources can be ob!
must result from such a war These scholarships

ture of questions being raised,

Such a

travel expenses for 11 year of
service and teaching at var
ious colleges in the less de-

ltrom the gospels of St. Luke

EXAMINATION SCHEDULE

I961762

Who gets to carry the

‘ i 7 Firsf Semesfer.
gun In protecting: our fallout ‘
l

1 UPPER DIVISION SCHEDULE

velapcd areas' of the world.
The host chlcges provide
board and mom.

_ Ap lications for the travels . , , . » g v ‘ , ,
twilkbe as iorcrgn to usas it is cepted throughout the month ofi Friday, January 5, 12:3'0 pm All classes meeting in Group a.

inevitable in such a sitiietioii.lJaiiuai-y with a deadline of Fob.‘ Saturday, January 5, 1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 2.

iTllc moral issue involved is,l1 The application should in. Sunday, January 7. Review DaY- , , _
therefore, not a consideration tolclude a brief stsiemem (two ml Monday, January 8, 12-30 pm. All classes meeting in Group a.
be M, m last, it is the most, ”We pages) indicamg why the: Tuesday, January 9, Izigo plzm 0All clas‘ie‘i mleetllm in th‘our 6.
» ,appucam wishes ,0 Spend Viednesday. Januaiy , . pin. c asses niee ing in

relevant of all the factors to be , . , , - _ _, a Group 8
”3‘ °f ““‘hmg °1 “”109 3' Thursday, January 11, 12:30 p.ni. All classes meeting in Cheap

considered and of the gl‘CﬂtCSL‘bl'oad and n-het services he‘g
practical significance. '

to be, let us ask your constitus:
ency to e ress itself on that

question 7 by referendum i shelter irom invasion by other ,

persons?

To the Editor:

Having very little training in
nuclear physics and engineering,
I don't feel adequate to the taslc
of discussing the eriicieney of

Meals he can provide. Informant Friday, January 12, 12.30 11m, All Classes meeting in Groun 4,

a fallout shelter under the cons
ditions of nuclear warfare. l

I am more than ready to grant
that it a nuclear bomb were
dropped on Omaha. Neb, every—
one would have time to adiourn
in an orderly manner to the
basement of Itoberts Theater in
time to escape the harmful ets
fects of radiation and thereby be
saved. With my poverty of tech
nical knowledge, I could not
risk approaching the issue from.
this slant. And, besides, if one,
digs deep enough, . .etc. i

The efficiency of a fallout
shelter, however. is not a sig—
nificant point in our decision for
or against constructing one. I
believe there are more impors
tant factors to be considered
here, factors concerning the

psychological effects of a fall-'

I, for one, would prefer to
have the money proposed for
the construction of a fallout
shelter employed in an eftort
to deter war I feel that my love
attics lie in the present world
civilization rather than in a
postsnuclear state of barber-ism,
and I cast my lot for the pres—
ervation of this civilization.

Ken Schiif

ltion regarding experience in
,camping, project work. hobbies
land extracurricular activities
lshould also be included.

, Applications should be turned
in to Phillip Thomas (econom—
ics), coordinator of the Interna—
national Studies Program. The
committee on the International
Studies Program interviews

sESLudieS Program interviews

To the Editor:

I have been disturbed by a.n
impression I have gained over
the past few weeks, and I wish

to express this feeling, apropos
of recent campus discussions.
I've noticed, from reading let-

,lcach applicant after reviewing
lthe letter of application. Selecs
ion is .based upon a number of
'eonsiderations including academ-
‘ic record, extra-curricular a—
,chievenients at Grinnell, hobbies
:and interests, and ability to

out shelter and a decision as to tcrs to the editor, carrying on represent Grinncll abroad.
l

, exactly where one's loyalties lie. discussions with People of d

it appears to me that the Averse opinions, and just geneI-l

argument over the construc-
tion or a iallout shelter rc-
diices itseli to two indeterm-
inahle iactors: will the meter—
in! appearance of a fallout ,
shelter psychologically prepare
us for nuclear war to such an

ally eavesdropping on the can—
did thoughts of iellow students,
that we as students are not yet
ready in many i spects to

calmly sit dawn and talk things
i

out. We seem solely Concerned

isensibihties in high gear, ready
lto toss out old ideas that hat-c
,bccome too tight across the
‘Shoulders and to replace them
iwith new ones that better tit

lcul‘ expanding world. At the
i

extent that war will thereby ‘wiih expressing 0“,. Own broad_,same time we intist be able to

become more probable? and,
is nuclear war so imminent
that lailure to prepare ade-
quately for it amounts to mad-
ness'!

The conclusion one comes to
here, whether to tight tor the
salvation of the present state of
things or prepare for a new Con—
dition, defines one’s loyalties.

I believe that before anyone

minded, unbiased Ideas without
givmg thought to what the per-
son across the table is saying,

It seems to me that we too
often tend to lose sight of what
we are at school for; to lose
sight of our responsibility to
the very word "student," We

must enter each new class, each

new experience, with all our

irecognize and evaluate other
‘thoughts that stand the test.

‘ How much we are able to abs
sorb, how well we can assimi—
late what we receive, and to
‘\\‘hat exlem We can put into
action our increased awareness
‘will determine the degree of
our real education.

Karen Ilonle

 

Good Buys On Ladies' Formal Wear

S eve's Toylcmd and Gift Shop

In The Basement Across From The Posr Ofﬁce

‘k Sizes 7-10 and Larger

 

 

Saturday, January 13, 9:90 am. All classes meeting 'in Group
10. 1-00 pm All classes meeting in Group 11.

Sunday, January 14, Review Day.
‘ Monday. January 15, 900 am All classes meeting in Group 1.

lLOWER DIVISION SCHEDULE

All written work must be hmlded in by 6:00 11.n'l, on January
12, 1982.
Saturday, January 13, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group

10.

Sunday, January 14, Review Day.
, Monday, January 15, 9:00 o in. All classes meeting in Group 1,
.1:00 pm All classes meeting in Group 2,

Tuesday, January 16. 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 3.

1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 4.

Wednesday, January 17, 9:00 a.m All classes meeting in Group
5. 1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 9. ,

Thursday, January 18, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 8,
1:00 p.ni. All classes meeting in Group 6,
, Friday, January 19, 9:00 a.m. All sections of Humanities 1.
1:00 pm. All sections of Historical Studies II.

Please note that the examination schedules for both upper and
lower division will overlap on January 13 and 15,

 

 

The Chrislmas Formal
IS‘December 14fh

SEE OUR REPRESENTATIVES
. 9N CAMPUS

Cowles . Gar Smifh‘

Smifh Gary Gorfredson
Gales John Henfzel
Dibble , Howard Dunn
North Younker Arr Peterson
South Younker Paul Toma
Easf Morris John Harfung

Clark Wayne Germ
Lungan Tom Ceok
Wes‘r Nprris Don Hadley
Rawson .Joe Lafhum

Soufh Campus . . Sharon Husekamp

OWGI‘S

1012 Broad St. Phone 236-3191

 

 

 

 

1

Friday, December 8. l96l

Educators Visit ~
.Grinnell Schools

Dr. James B, Conant, head of
a si -man staff engaged in “A
Study of the Education at Amen
ican Teachers," was in Gl’inheél
yesterday with two members of
his stall to obtain information
on the Grinucll College teacher
education program The three
also made a \‘lsil to the newly
dedicated Grinncll High School
building scheduled at 3:30 in the

Page Eighl SCARLET AND BLACK

CorkyEverellRelalesAclivilies l CAMPUS {Seren§+udyl
0f Religious Festivities Of India ‘ lNQUIRER iNahonSGWS

, , The result of the wingsprcad

The railway station is crow . l’:tual, the whole tray lit by a , _ _ ,
cd with holiday travelers. Ev small oil lamp is oscillated ovei-l Slnpc Al is apparent that the $559M” ‘j‘v‘? Amlem‘m 001“?“
crvone wants to return home the worshiper's head. question of fallout shelters both “met '5‘ 95‘ Thu‘5‘“‘y

roi- thc-Dlvali holiday vacation} The ceremony 10,. women ,5 from the standpoint of actual youggf‘gojgiﬁéﬁdin‘tvii Hal. diff;
The next train to the villaseﬂnot yet finished. We next go to Prhlcctmh and the W?“ that 19-h m E:‘ ° ° 51,; 0.
Belvandz, is expected at 4 a-m-lihr home or the village priest the Dissent trash huhdm; pto- l‘XM, d e ”361‘“? Want”?
On the platform, there is heaplwhere Um girls m blessed with gram is having on the civilian 11:21:11“? I; i‘", > cln a‘uc‘
alter heap of inert human flesh museum powdoh This ma has population is one that is receiv. 2):; “among! 160mg}; n neat areas
in a state or snoozing dul'ing'ispecml meaning for M married mg much attention on the Grinu -

the interval that has interrupted woman because it signifies that he” Campus, the following qucsa‘ students A1 Boston, Dave
their ”Web- Sohle have ar- her husband is still living, The “on was Put m (we sludehl5= Evans, Bill Halama, Cam Hone,

rived at the station early in the

cum-cum spot is a part of the

“Do you mo, [he bupgmg of dershot, Toni Koloskl, Pat Mal—

evening to Spend the night 50 indian dress worn by all but
they would not miss their train. me widowed women The Wm
Finally, the train arrives The of the priest puts a red mark
inert bodies spring to life. Coo-lcn each of our lorchcads, gives
lies, with suitcases stacked on us a handful of puffed rice and
their heads, and passengers dashlsacred candy and
toward the numerous and var-th the next house.
ied compartments. 0n oif-seasonl Amer 50 many New and so
days- one ca“ “10050 “0'“ the much ceremony, the family re—
third class places: the \Volllen’s,‘grets having accepted an mma‘
“‘9 general °1' “‘0 Sleepmgition to eat out, but it is an ans
“mpmmem- nual event for the family to
Now we cannot hesitate ‘0 eat at the home of their servant
choose or we will be left on who has been Wm, them for
the platiorm. \Ve dash through {wentyyivg yogi-5,
the crowd with everyone else
and climb into a very Small
compartment that is already
comfortably lull, ,

l

The servant’s home has two
rooms, a kitchen and a living
room. We sit on mats Spread on

iollout shelters either on a mass
scale or in the particular instance
as contemplated here?“

Gar Smith: “Fallout sllcltCl‘s
thing, however, family shelters
raise the difficult l‘nol'al question
about keeping arms in tho Shel-‘
(er to dl' e off those attempting,
(0 onto , For this reason I do not
approve of the faintly shelter. l

s l

I believe building oi shelter
would lead to a tacit accept-
ance of the possibility of war.
I personally would not work
to build a iallout shelter, how-
cver, i see nothing wrong in
letting those people who want

lick and faculty member Alan
Jones (history) attended from
Grinnell,

Al the beginning of the Confers

we proceed on a community level are a fine once, [he Simian“ were diVided

into groups which drafted the
document in the preliminary
scssion the tirst night,

The final report, completely
amended, has not yet been
printed and sent to the partici- l
pants, but it contains state—
ments on the following areas:
government and the democratic
process, economic organization
—growth and change, objec—
tives in world attairs, and
equality of opportunity _ life, .

Necessary shifting is made so
that we may take seats. One
gentleman gives up his place
and prepares a bed under the
wooden bench by spreading out
a piece of cotton material. The
remainder of the crowd is not
yet settled. Travelers still push
their way into the compart—
ments. 3

A little old woman shoves her
portable shop possessions bchmdl
the door, ignoring all the repri-i
mands of there being no space.l
The door can no longer be op—l
cned, but that does not seem
to halt the inward how of pas—
sengers. Here comes someone‘
through the window, and an-‘
other and another! This trip to
Bclvandi will be a cozy one. 3

l

the dirt floor. In the middle of
the room is a gunny sack tied
to the Colliers of the room by a
rope. We hear the wailing or a
tiny baby from msidc the freely

All around the room are

, elaborate pictures of some ﬁlo
i teen gods and goddesses. Mrs.

N. intimately converse: will!
the hostess, telling ller about
the day’s excursion and excus-
ing us from our lack of ap—
petite. Meanwhile, sections of
banana leaves are put before
us and we eat a special Man
arashtrinn sweet dish. l

The meaning of Divan, or Dip—’
avali, is garland of lights. After
the excitement of the day's fesA
tivities, the bright. handzmade

‘Bul, however, if the final blow

liberty and the pursuit of bap— .

pincss. In each area suggestions
Nadia Romy; “It is a moral ior changes in the present state

we“ [0,, 3 “am" .0 have to and policies oi the nation were

resort to such terms for safety,l made.

l
:I fallout shelter Work for one." i

There was general agreement
among the contcrencc members
on tho items in the report, yet
,it should not be concluded that,

Therefore, if we have gone all who attended the conference}
past the limits of using our ens agree? With everything smdil
orgies to work for peaceful co— even m the final report. t

existence then i must support . . . p .l
the only alternative left to usi M‘He' Upton' pigment or a ‘

. ,, loit College, was chairman of,

”Hm“ Shem“ the c o n f e r e n cc. Congressman;
Goi Thomson: “i feel that (alle 10h“ Brademas (Dem, V Ind.)
out shelters as differentiated 5P0“ 0“ ”‘9 "913mm“? °fi

from bomb shelters are warm American goals in world affairs,
while. No point in a city will ‘0 American $0915 at home- i

be safe from the enormous blast‘ om“.

comes and we do have atomic
war, this (fallout shelter) will
be the only alternative.

.Upon arrival at the small vil» lattern hanging from the porch
Jase, I squeeze out of the com- of the Natekar home has a
partment and greet my Hindu special warm glow.
friends and students, Sudha and; .

Chaya Natekal A horsgdrawm The time of the festival seems
carnage ,5 “Hum to RM us‘to correspond to the farlnei‘s’
. to me Natelm pomp Mg and harvest. One Hindu doctor told
Mrs. Natekar and the three met “It IS a time whsn the
smaller children greet us in a farmex'S’ crops are in the ground,
lantern lit room We sit m. lextra money is in his pocket and

getticr and discuss the activities he has a dame to Celebrate alts
of the new few days, ‘er the season's pork is com—

effects, but if we can save 1200

speakers included Dr

,Grinncil by

people in a “no“, shelter in James E ‘Bussell, secretary ‘01
having them in the Educational Policies commis
there for two weeks it is \vol‘tlr sion of Washington, 110' who

while-” ;spoke on the problem of a Demo-

Bill Johnson: I don't think that "am §°Vemmehi m "am“a‘
it is the place or the students to goals, and Alfred Riebcn assists
dtcide if the fallout shelter is to ant professor or Russian history,

he built This, I feel, is up to the at Northwestern University. l
administration However, Gl'in~l l
nell as an intellectual leader of eimriiil

i
l
l

afternoon.

Dr, Conant. former president
of Harvard University. is con—
ducting a nationwide study of
teacher education as a logical
follow—up of his Earlier, widely
publicized, and influential sti—
dirs of American schools and
rurrcula at both the elementary
and secondary levels. The stud
is financed by a Carnegie gran}.

With him in Grinncll were
Dr. William H. Cartwright at
Duke University and Dr. John
I. Goodlad oi the University of
California at Los Angcicso
(Earlier, another member of
Dr. Conant's stair, Dr. E, Al-
den Dnnham, was in Grinncll
as an observer at the two day
Conicrcncc on Tcachcr Educa!
tion held in mid-November by
representatives oi the Associat-
cd Colleges of the Midwest.)

At the college. the three visitL
ors wcrc particularly interestc.
in the topic of the professional ed
ucation and the liberal educa»
tion of teachers. Prof. Wellboih
has arranged a series of meet-
ings with instructors in cduca—
tion courses, faculty groups from
various other departments, a
members of the Committee on

Teacher Education.

Professionl Precision
Safeguards Your Health

We work hand in band with
your physician tor the pro—
tection of your health . . . fill
each prescription so that you
may enjoy the full benefit oi
your doctor's skill.

the country should in some wa . ‘
iattcmpt to better prepare Amer): (“15° “"3““ by ”m ”new 1°

iicans tor the dangerous times determine if the building of,
ahead than with bomb shelters shelters on a national scale is

truly the only way to solve the
present CriSIS.
We should not respond auto

plated.”
The following (lay is (he i

midnight; 3: stirred: lﬁiimhlfrﬁhgages
‘ltl Political Debate.

day is called "La ni Pujtln ,
at l l
l

Day" (the day dedit‘ated tn
C. Edwin Gilmoul‘ (political

Larami, the goddess
wealth). At 4 am. we hear
science) engaged in a political
fold up ‘dobate on the issues of State

The shelters are ineffective
in the cvcnt oi all out war
and only promote dangerous ‘
feeling toward war. For these i
reasons I feel that the admin—

“Where drugs are not a
sideline"

matically but serve ourselves

Mrs, N. in the kitchen. Sudha,
Chaya and myself

“'6 “‘1'” bell WVHS and mM- fgcvernmcnt, at the State Uni-
trcsses on which we had been loamy of 10,” last week With-
sleeping and carry them to the ,Dr. Russell Ross, Associate Pro-
back room. lfessor oi Political Science at the

istl‘dtioll of the college should
deride against the building of
a fallout Shelter.

and the cotmliy by subsidizing a
study conference on the problem
with experts, I also believe that

TURNER
PHARMACY

‘Canleron llcndcrshot- 1 he. any decision as to the shelter at‘
ic: ”Which of the Two Major have that aside from the very Grinnell should be delayed un-

Political Parties Can Better Meet im’mm‘m technical q“55”°|‘5'til alter such a conference.

the Present and Future Needsilhat are involved in the build-
of Iowa?" mg of Sheltcl‘s, there are other

Ross, campaign manager and,“‘°“e impm‘lahf wimS- TheSE‘
later administrative assistant for ““5 ”1° “59 of a disposition t0-
Govcrnor Erbe, argued the cause iwm'd WNW. "‘3 me“ that ”‘35
of the Republican Party, and program will have on our allies
Gum“ State Senator mend ot_coursc the all importanb
Foweshick and Keokuk Coullr,m°ral 155%
lties, presented the case for the‘
in turn, each member sits on Democratic Party. '
the board while Mrs, . rubs This week, Gilmour spoke to
oil on legs, arms and hair. Then, the student body of St Ambrose ,
from a specially prepared wor» College In Davenport and to the 103 a study should first be made.
ship tray, the mother tosses a Des Moines County Democratic" ,
small quantity at rice and red organization in Burlington. Ont
cum—cum powder on each ialn-;Wedncsday, be was a guest at al
ily members head. She makes luncheon meeting at the Good‘
a red powder mark on the torc- Roads Association and attendcdl on DRYCLEANING
head and makes a circular nio—Zthc luncheon session of the Iowal »
1ion with “supari.” or beetle‘Taxpayel's association on Fri; r412
nut, : /

swinging sunny sack 1University. he debated the top- (Across the mm from me

Before dawn, every member Grinnollstatc Bank)
oi the family must have an oil
bath and bathe u-ith watcr. A
huge brass kettle containing wa-
ter is on the wood stove
“tzhool.” in the middle of the
kitchen, Mrs. N. has placed a
sitting board. Around this she
has made a design with some
white rocledust called “rangoll.”

 

 

 

 

LAUNDRY AND CLEANNG
\I I L_. L_ A G E‘

IIn View of these points I he-
llicve that before money is auth-

orized for the building of a shel-l

 

 

ﬁrst countercluckwise and day, Both meetings were in Des:

then clockwise. To Complete this Moines,

 

 

Besi- Piua Town und'Best Service Too

AHRVANO'S

Open Till 12:00 P.M. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday

\

cdblttiss

SWEET ROLLS
DECORATED CAKES

lTQWN‘s
BAKERY

236-4386
Across from city Library

1

l
l
3*
l*
l*

 

it Only 15¢ each

6&5 SPEED WASH

Across From the Rock Island Station

 

 

I

Friday, December 8. I961

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Nine

 

Carters To Play Carls, Oles

. %mrh>t anh {Mark

SPQJRIS °

' Grinncll's leagueelending Pio-
neers take their 270 record into
dangerous territory this week—
end as they meet Carleton to—
might and cont -cnce favorite St.
Olaf tomor arternoon at
Northheld, Minn.

Last week both the Oles and
the Knights aeteated Knox and
lost to a surprisingly strong
Monmouth team while the Pio-
neers were dumping Lawrence
and Ripon.

.' Dave Current, who aver-aged
16.4 points a game and was
named to the All-Conterence
team last year. is the big gun
of the Carleton attack. The
'Knights will prabably play
fast. break, pressing-type game

similar to the Pioneer strategy,l

St, Olaf, the preseason la.
vo ’te to take the conference
‘title, will start a lineup that
averages 6‘4" and includes four
oi their last 3231"; starting nvc,
AlleConichnce forward Karl
proth is the 0105'
mainsta Last season Croth was
the four h leading scorer in the
centers e with an average or
201 p0 ts per game.

The Pioneers will
same lineup that has

start the

encounter Gar Smith
George Gray at guards, co—cap.
~tains Bob Mnsser and Ray Hal

ton at forwards, and Denny Ase

by at center

Jim ltlirrlin, John Sundell,
Bill Parsons and Kent Roger-
son will be ready when the
need arises.
eThis coming Tuesday the
squad will travel to Mt. Vernon
and take on the defending
champion Cornell Rams. The
Rams attack centers around
their two higllescoring guards,
Dave Adkins and Rick Tomek.
. i

Animal ‘
Life

by John \Villiams

Gates hung on to a thin lead
in the race for the .MncMurTy‘
trophy this week as the points
from the swimming meet were‘
added to the years totals. Gates’
total of 310 points was followed
by 750 tor Dibble and 740 for
Rawson. while Cowles, last,
year's winner, is in ionrtli placel
with 670.

South Younker set two newt
TM marks, in the 120eyard medv
ley relay and isoeyard free re
Ray en ro e to a solid ﬁrst

’SWIMMING MEET RESULTS .
~ South 33
Gates 251/:
East

Dibble

Cowles

Laiigan

West

North

Clark

Rawson

Smith

place ﬁnish in the swimming
meet last Saturday. South's 33
points easily out-paced Gates,
with 251p, and East, with 14.

0 Last year’s runncbup, Lang-
an, could muster only 21/:
points and the 1m champion
kawson was shut out. The

M VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Cowles 42 G .875
Langan 32 10 .762
East 31 11 .733
Kuwson 31 11 .733.
Smith 32 16 .666
North 21 27 .476
Dibble 17 25 .405
South 19 7.9 .396
Gates 12 24 .333
Clark 9 33 .139
West 3 45 .069
only othci record set this year
was by Pete lieinzelman or
Gates in thc 40eynl'tl back.
stroke.
A week which included two
t the most important volley
ball games of the season saw

a

onensivc ,

brought ,
them sue ass in their ﬁrst two ‘
and ,

 

 

O

 

 

l

, Anderson

 

t ‘ ‘ l
, , .

Grinnell's Bob Musser drives in against: Ripon's Brian \Vhite
during the first half of last Saturday‘s 88 to 81 victory over 1h l
Redmen. Musser, who has been the top Pioneer scorer for the 135
two Seasons, hitting for 336 points as :1 sophomore and 32"] last.

l 9.9.: Larry Neal and forward

Freshmen Cagers
Will Meet Cornell
In Season Opener

The Grinnell freshman bas-
ketball team takes to the road
tor the opening game of the
season Tuesday when they go
to Cornell to, battle the yearling
Rams.

and,
yoctjuzé

by Susan Roberts

Before we all depart from
the “campus fairest at our
dreams” to mull over thoughts
or Christmas uninterrupted, save
by frantic studying for the eit—
lams which will greet us on
our return, i would like to wel—
come the 1961 volleyball toura.
lment in the women’s intramural
program.

The frosh tuned up for this
contest yesterday with a bout
against an aggregate billed as
the “All»Stars.” it is believed,
however, that these were merely
the Pioneer footballers in dlSr
guise.

Yes it has
been going on,
and yes, I have

Coach Edd Bowers, in his in-
itial year as mentor of the fresh-
man squad, said that he has not
yet determined a definite start.
ing five, He did indicate that a
likely guess would be Ed Span /
at center, ﬂanked by Randy Robert;
Morgan and either Doug Yeagﬁspherc,
or or Clyde Smith at forwards! The WRA intramural Cllahu
with Dave Sellergren and either men, Bettie Guttman and Pam
John Van Worms 0,. Barry Haslamé alongcwlthIWRA ad—
. ,Vlsel‘ amet OX, lave com-
hmmg down the mented on the interested par»
guard slots- ‘ticipation and enthusiasm this
tall. it certainly has been en-
jcouraging, and the number or
itorteits has been small. Save a
llaurel or two tor the referee
llooard as they, too, have worked
Dewy ““55” ,hard to make this season a’
‘success.
Bowers said that since there, The volleyball tournament
seem to be no really outstand-t is a double round robin, with
ing players, but, instead, manyl each hall playing every other

. . , j hall on two occasions.
g°°d3m¥5~°r "em” 5‘4““ ab” l Read is scheduled to walk

ity, the squad will be platoonedtnﬂ with my honors next week
a lot. Not wanting to make pub- at the close of the playing

1 would
to give a
rundown
of the happen.
(,lllgs in the
’ ‘l'uulld palace oi
the round white

nsgtbl‘lcl

 

others slated to see plenty
or action include guards nick
Sloan anti Joe Thompson, cen-

t he

Y

ir, counted ror 17 points against Riponi

 

Mermen To Metal Buccaneers;

Finish Second I

by Dave Brown

“Beloit is coming up," says
swimming coach lrv Simone oi
Eeloit mermen, However,
coking ahead to the Belch—Grim
nell swimming meet scheduled
swimming meet scheduled‘for
or tomorrow at Ecloit, Simone
seems confident the Pioneers
will win.

In Grinnell's favor
Herman, who has
the Conterenee record

broken
in two

,events recently in practice. and

the experience and second place
tinish gained in last week’s Knox
Relays.

Hurt by illness, injury and
the unexpected loss at vct-
cran Pete Snyder, the Pine
ncer mermen placed behind
Washington University of st.
Louis in the Knox Relays.
Cowlcs retain its hold on ﬁrst
place by winning four games
from Langan after being upset
by East 4—2. East and Rawson
kept on Langan's heels, each
coming out with a 31711 record
as Rawson won six trom Dib—
ble to stay in the ﬁght,

Despite the tact that Cowlcs
still has to race Smith and
Rawson before the end or the
season, it appears unlikely that
anyone will seriously challenge
their bid tor the title, However,t

are Bill ‘

n Knox Relays

Grinnell and Washington U.
won first and second places in
all but one of the events, and
Grinnell placed third in that
one.

Washington took five: of the

lians taking the other two. Jim
Adelman, John Teget and Joe
Latham won the 600 yd. tree-
style relay. and Paul Torno,
Bill Herman and Jim Maxlmn
won the 300 yd. individual tree-
style relay in record time of
1:11 5. The old record was 23:16.7
J Rounds placed rourth in
a tield oi 15 divers. .

Of the second place iinish,
'sinione said, “They (Washington
U.) had a well balanced team,"
“They had their best team in
years and were able to usc
ireshmen swimmers, which we
can’t do because oi conierenee
rules." He also
.that Washington had the better
team. and that the Grinnell
swimmers “p'el'l'ol‘med as well as
expected."

Speaking of the Centerence
,race, Simone conceded that that
wwell be hard pressed to get by
gearlcton," He said that the Carls
were the strongest team in the
,Confcrcnce now, but that the
lFl'oncel's have "adequate team
‘ strength.”

The squad traveling to Beloit

 

first places, With the Grinnellr‘

emphasized .

with a series of makeup gainesiconsists or Jim Adelinan, Steve
and a marathon afternoon to-lBi-ooks, Jim Cross. Peter Gley-
morrow, the compo tion of theistcen, Bill Herman, Bill Henry,
rest of the ﬁrst division appearslTony Horton, Joe Latham, Jim‘
to he still very much up in the‘Maxmin, Jerry Rounds, John
air. lTeget and Paul Torno,

 

Shop in rid see our
Fine Selection of Baked Geocs

DANISH MAE!)

813 FOURTH
i — “’2 Feature Pastries Of All Kinds -

l
l

 

 

 

l
i
l l
l
l

the any stratagenis, the coach de- ,schedule, unleSS they are upset
tanned to specify Mm type oflin one of their two remaining

lgame he was planning to throw (games Read Pulled away fast
at Cornell, at the beginning and stayed

in the win column until Main
was able to rob her of a match.
This may turn out to be the
crucial match, as Main, with
four losses, and Cleveland, with
two, are close behind, Main has

Bowers did say that the trash
would in general employ the
varsity style of play, this being
the usual procedure, since the
main iunction of the freshman
team is to accustom the boys to
the plays and patterns used by
the varsity.

LADY JOCQUES
Cont. p. 10; col. 4

 

TUES.-WED.—DEC. 12-13
SHOWS AT 7 & 9

_WOULDYQU LIKE‘TO ,
- SEE AN OUTSTANDING»
MODERN russtihuﬁ) TIIE tiltilm PRIZE,
MOTION PICTURE, c“; titties FESTIVAL l

THlS PICTURE is BEING DlSTRlEUTED BY WARNER Enos AT THE REQUEST
OF THE us. DEPARTMENT OF STATE IN CONNECTION WITH lTs CULTURAL
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT WlTH THE SOVlET UNION. »wam

WINNER or‘

 

i
l j The story of
l Veronica, a young
girl who is unfaithful
[a liar so/dl'er ﬁance
:. under {/79 presswe
of overw/ie/mmg
passions. To/d aga/ns/
the star/ling
background of
modem

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stvrrirl TATVANA slMOlLOVA
A SHVORlN ASlLY l-iERKl/RYE/
ALEXEK BlJALOV -srtp
, maker use»,
in: precise s, M. KAMTOZOVvt'l \’AlNEERG
' A MOSFILM stumps PRODUCTION

 

 

Page Ten SCARLET AND BLACK

6'

Friday, December 8, I96l

 

Pioneer Cagers . Win 70p

ening
l _ , ,.
L

by Jim licrzog ,
The Pioneer hoopstei-s swung,
into action last Friday and Sat.
urday, topping both Lawrence
and Ripun. The 79—51 victory
over Lawrence and the 88-81
victory over Ripon gave tllc‘
1961-62 season a fast start,

’Lcading the Pioneers against
Lawrence wcre Jim Mirflin and
Gar Smith, who both clicked
for in points, each pumping in
5D'15er cent of their ﬁeld goal
attempts. Bob Musscr was right
bchind Mifllin and Smith with
it points.

Grinnell dominated the Law-
rence game from the outset,
breaking away iroin an early
12—12 tie to move into a 39—21
halftime lead. The Pioneers, ex->

___’—’
CONFERENCE STANDINGS
' 1.000

1,000
1.000

 

. Grinnell
. Monmouth
. Coc

. Cornell

. st. mat

. Carleton
’. Beloit

. Knox

. Ripon

1 . Lawrence

Junior center, Kent Rogerso

i500
500
000

Varsity Wrestlers Defeat Frosh;
To Open Season At Knox Tonight

by Len salad“, ,Van Horne 7—0, and in the
The Griiinell varsity wrestlers ﬁrgul varSIiy'il'esh-nmn match. ,
touted the freshman squad 18.’ Mike Patterson Pinned Nick .

, ,- an e . o in an inter-squad match heldI Vim Metre With 13 seconds
loiiiitllicdomtrlleq igggtfs‘lce'l‘llcd ﬁg); last Friday In Darby Gym, If. ShDW‘hg, 0" the ch70“ "1 the
statistics showed Griniiell with the two weight Classes the va 1““ ”mm . . 1
_ , - _ , it, “Mahdi“, 19mg and Three contests, each plﬂlngi
57 rebounds and Lawrence uith s 3 1e} ‘ ‘
3g heavyweight dmmnsigpe m_ two freshmen against eacii othr,

- cluded, the pianeer veterans er. drew the meet to a close. in

In would have commanded only athe ﬁrst ,uf these. Larry Bald»,
Ripe“, the Pioneers had to mom,“ victory ",3,ng 13.“; nor. scoring an cscape and a‘
come troni behind to win. E Intersq‘md Match Results ,ta'kedown‘ in the second period,
Crinllell started fast. agmnst- ., “M p w, melwmi over Chip Clarke. SteVE
Ripoll but squandered an early lei.1 c trolley/“U" w , “Parsons pinned Kart. Smiley in
lo-poiut bulge The halftime 10kg" k , _ l "‘W‘ lthe ﬁnal act of their match.
m,” was 44.44, , 1t Ken Cty tl-‘l not imml‘ Finishing the afternoons ac._
3”“ “°"'"5"e"a Quinton tl-‘l page,“ tion, Larry Miller dcfeatcd the

lheavier Morgan Michel by a 7.0
tvi tlcclo'lonetlidecisian‘

The varsity squad will open
its campaign tonight at Gales—
burg, ill, when it begins the
'90:“ (Ft viimed ﬁrst day of the annual weekend
liiiller (Ft delKnox Invitational Tournament

Lislouml Nithei m. Most of the other teams partici—
1" ‘he ”Penmg match: .Davelpzitillg in the meet will be the
560“ was awarded the v‘cmry'LPionc‘e‘l‘s' Midwest Conference
over Len Calodney when the opponents and will therefore
latter surfered a sprained ankleipmwde a good preview for me
and was unable to continue.
Al McKnight and John Gaardel
fought: a close duel in the 130.2
lb. class until the varsity mat—'
man gained a [all with only 25 . , , . .
seconds remaining in the Inatcl‘tlliglgll‘g' 1,3,3 lbw Béuceh‘ib‘mfgi
The next two ireslnnen to T 5 kPY‘wd Em: 57
wrestle, Ken Clymer and Ed °‘“ °°i a“ 1’7 lbw M‘ke

, .. Patterson. Grinnell will forfeit
,Johnson, each captured decisions the 1674b] 1914,)“ and hem“

by one point over their Valslty‘weight classes

opponents, ,
vmm‘ Wayne 6mm in his : The squad sudercd a blow last
‘ i ‘week when Dick Harris. 1674!).

typical methodical style, whine l . .
5 red sophomore transrer Will ﬁ‘?"fe;§“ﬁ,c°‘;§§;{”°” mt Wm"

l

.000

.tioo

.000
l

2
2
2
l
I
l
l]
0
0
0

t
l
t
l
l
l

hibit‘tiig a ﬁne running ottense, de

Saturday’s cantest with

in the second half, the speedy
onncer backcourt combination
of George Gray and Gar Smith
pushed the Pioneers once more
into the lead, However, hipon
took control of the boards and
forged into a 68-56 lead with
only nine minutes remaining
ii: the contest.

iiirisou t\'l pinned?

( t. .
lzcliiiicr (Ft (Tu-minn-
WI

The Pioneers then Scored 12
straight points and were never
again headed. Gray led the
Pioneers with 25 points, while
Musser lollowcd him with'l7.

season

Coach Terry Moore named his
starting lineup as follows: 123
lib, Dave Scott; 130 lb. Al Mac—
LAWRE ct:

GRIN ILL

Mussel-
'M'lITIlll
min-
they
smith

.1 him
Griliui
Sllclrllul'tl
l>l0l1ml

L' aerodt
,y,

Y illl‘lett-l
.yvt nan
llllLls‘llY
snow

It tmls

st

 

° NOW

ITS
PEPSI

'rotats an

GluxmLL

FOR THOSE WHO
THINK YOUNG.

)Itle-l'
oh lift it
.’\~lw

lthlic
u innit
rinse

 

si uh

Hutton
Pdtmtu
Kw

lntuli i.

[talc-vi.
Smtill
LLllm mu

 

 

in

THE "OLD PRO" WISHES YOU ALL A

on We

IOWA CLEANERS

Totuto ’72 15110 19

'l'otiils ti

 

The Spot To
Hit is JDJS

 

 

 

. _ (44) and Brian White tor the ball,
1.000 as (Plunger guard, Gar Smith looks on. Rogerson thus tar this season has counted for nine points,
seeing little action, while Smith hit ror 15 against Lawrence and 13 against Rillon.

Scott McLeod, '37, .
ittamed To Silver
.All-America Unit . ‘

t
l

lbcen named to the Sports lllus- _
itrated “Silver Anniversary All!
America" 1961. The diplomat
thad been nominated by Grinnell
‘last spring and voting had been
concluded before his recent un-
timely death.

Contests

The Iale Scott McLeod has

McLeod i‘oins the. honored ros~
,ter which this year includes such
lmcn as Green Bay Packers Coach.
‘Vince Lombardi, Oklahoma Uni-
versity’s Bud Wilkinson and Cons
gl'essman Richard Bolling or Mi
soul, as well as important bush
ness executives, educators, mil‘ll
tary leaders, surgeons and a
scientist.

The winners in this unique
All-America are selected by bald
lot among a panel of distinguish-
ed iudges which this year includ-
ed U S. Attorney General Robert
F. Kennedy and former Vice
President Richard Nixon. Sixty!
,colleges and universities offered
candidates for the honor roll of
lgﬁl—cxegriddel‘s who played
their last collegiate games i
IlSBS.

The criteria were the qual-
ity of the candidates records
in their professions and their .
general effectiveness during the
intervening 25 years since they
played college football. This
year Lombardi and Wilkinson
are the only winners who pur-
sued sporfs as a profession.

LADY JOCQUES
Com. from D, 9

only one more game to play,
wliilc Cleveland has two.

Team

Read
Cleveland
Main
“nines
James
Loase
Mean

2:

McLeod was a four year foot-
ball athlete while at Grinnell.
,'He played alternately the posi<
‘tions of quarterback and hair-
‘back on the Pioneer football
t squad in the days when Grim
has perhaps not been completely he“ 091mm“ “KW.“ cmgh‘
straightencd out by this lu‘nci ton, Drake and Mmhlghh State‘
fm. 1M pammpam“ one need in the old Missouri Valley Con—
onlv my two quarters at any iercncc, His most outstanding
Hm'e‘ game in the fall of 1936 was the
For one against Cornell College. He

the physical education . . . . ,.
team i‘eclull‘emem, fresh in en “1“] “‘5 "mkmg and “mm 0“

should play at least one qual‘lel‘ SCOTT McLEOD
in half of the games in which c t 11
their team participates i “n‘ p‘ ’ 0°" 1

Since there are 12 valley- 1

ball games per hall, the m~ M T F
quirement is one quarter in; en 0 orm
Hocke Club 6
, Y
Men students interested in

 

Hibenvlddta

To clear up another point tha

six separate games. Doubling

up on games does not help,

The separate game stipulation

is the point on which the sys-

tem was set up. Sheets were l ,

distributed to all freshman 5°1'm‘hg a h°Chey ““17 a” ““5551
mm“ W this cm“ this yen. to return from vacation with,
by the physical education lde- Shams ““1 “h? mahmeht they
mﬂmem. might have. it is hoped that daily

That about nnishcs volleyballlggsftgcfengg be héldvfiThnfygx
You might timber up for 1335- m 13 mg i323: u’ad ame ' .
kethall, badminton and ping p V q E 5'
pong for your return, as those, Dlrlc Belay (modern foreign
willbe the lead-off sports rightllanguages) has agreed to act as
otter vacation. lsponsor for the club.

0

GRAND OPENING
DECEMBER 8TH AND 9TH

COME DOWN AND
VISIT US IN OUR
NEW LOCATION

* Little Buddy Gifts
* Free Samples

M BERNICES

Formerly: 932 Main Street-
NOW: 820 4TH AVENUE
PHONE 236-4759

 

'Fridey. December 8, |96l SCARLET AND BLACK Page Eleven

For Whatlt’s Worth‘llSomfs Club Treats Town Kids

 

 

 

by Tom Frantz (3' , z ‘ ' ' “ " ‘ ' " 3““
. . . . 1 l r; Ii . 21:5
The Assoclatod Press named Grinliell llnolnon Dennis ‘1, .4"

 

Asby and John Hentzel to the Honorable Mention list 01'
their 1961 Little AlleAmerican squad announced last Wed»
~‘llesday.

Regular season college football is over for another yea'
Only the bowl games remain. The Orange Bowl which pi
Colorado against Lotlisana State and tile Cotton Bowl which
has Texas battling Mississippi, shape up as the top New.
Year‘s Day attraction‘

The Rose Bowl, granddaddy of all tlle bowl Contests,
has about the worst card with Big Ten runner-11p Minnesota
facing three tinle loser U.C.L.A. rated 16th nationally. Ala-
bama will take on Arkansas ill the Sugar Bowl.

The Top Ten
(Final)
Team ‘ Record

.Alnbama (104])
. ohio State (87071) .
.Texas (971)

. Loui .
.Mississippi (9-1)
.Minnesom (772)
,chorado (9-1)
.Miohigan State (7-2)
,Arkansns (8-2)
,Ulall State (97071)

*0

   

 

 

The final tabulation of this season predictions shows

215 right, 79 wrong, and s ties for 73.1 per cent. ' . 5 ; . i l ' I . _‘ ‘ PATRONIZE

I'GPV t1 G ' 11 t 1' t t' '11 h d t ’ YOUR
S l ; \e l'mne 0\\'“ l'E‘K IO 5 2‘ 101], “'l 1'03 CZIS ~ V V .
Ule Gi‘inilell — St. Olaf basketball game tomorrow starting, , . ' . - , . ‘ ‘ ‘ ADVERTISERS

at 1:15 in the afternoon from Northl'ield, Minn.

Myron Pllbl‘OW finished Slst in the annual Thanhsg‘ii
‘ng' Day 10—nlile run at Poughkeepsie, N. Y. This is not
particularly astounding until you realize that yron is '51.
years old and a {:1 dilate ol' Grinnell in the class of ’33. He
still holds the Crime“ records for the mile (4:20) and two .
mile ( 2.8) runs and in 1933 he won the NCAA. two‘
tile run and anchored the Pioneers winning 4~mile relay

eam in the D ke Relays, MoNlToR

n. mm“ lulu some“

“MW 1‘
Subscribe Now
at Half Price*

You can read this worldJomnus
daily newspaper for the next six
months (or $5.50, lust halt the
regular subszrlprion rote.

Get top news coverage. Enioy
, special features. Clip tar reler.
- ante work,

Send your order today. Enclose

Calendar Fublishedl ____

The Christian Serenee Mnnllor

By Planning Board One Norway st, Enxvon 15, Mass. '

l Send your newspaper (or the tim-
A’trial calendar :or tile month “Ekmammysb 1:11 m w
3. r
:T 13:31:): llasPLl):::ixlpublli::e: DCollege student DFugully Member
y e in g r l
i and Coordinating committee. All} Name
students and [acuity al'e encounl
aged to express their opinionsl
concerning the advisabllity of! W 1‘7"” 5”"
, . 1 ”his SHEKlJl alter :railshl: ONLY |u (allege
continuing this practice , some,rennmnrwronestoner,

 

 

 

 

Address

 

The late Scott McLeod (interviewed above as ambassador tol

rlandl was one of 25 Iormer college athletes chosen to thel ,

ports Illustrated “Silver Anniversary AlleAmel-ica” 1961. He was

hose“ on the basis of his accomplishments during the years that . . or 056
llowed his 1937 graduation irom Grinnell.

ant. tron ii. 10

COTT MCLEOD , » . ' r
11 average of 42 yards) and at the National Football Hall oi , i « ' . ‘

 

ade the decisive touchdown fol"Fanie Dinner in New York (ml
273 Grinnell victory. 'December 5. where President

McLeod maintained a lilelongl Kenna“ “’35 ”‘9 keym‘e Span"

Ttel‘est in sports of all kinds, 9"-
ud the sports section was one‘ ewe .7 _ ' “ s come

the firstsectlons he read in
‘ . Si 11 l f ' . v
domain smiled “THE non-dirt
d t' he b'l t b - J n.
mg“; .5.) sensed one REGHTm—
isidcred Red Smith one of ”that

mm mm” McLeod’s cheer SEE MODERNISTIC BEFORE
2W“ ““9 hm ‘° “”9“ ' THE CHRISTMAS FORMAL

“g“e basem‘ l _ CALL 236-3089 FOR APPOINTMENTS
'ill be told in the December lltht M@

r . ‘ 1w M‘iﬁumf
.sue of Sports Illustrated. Theyl ERNQSIEEC’ EAUTV SALQN ‘ V W i '
ceived their trophies _ ml 5“: Ave. and Broad Street ACROSS FROM THE STRAND

- shape of silver goal posts

Gifts

 

he stories of the 25 winllersl

   

 

 

Page Twelve

SCARLET AND BLACK

l Marllmm \Iarllmm Marllmm

 

 

 

Friday, December 8, l96| ¢

 

. . .It’s a top seller at colleges from U.S.C. to Yale

.. . and 1st in the Flip- Top box in every single state

If you think you're seeing more Marlboro men
lately, you‘re right. More than 25,000
smokers all over the country are switching
to Marlboro every month!

You'll know why when you try them.

Marlboro is the ﬁller cigarette with the unﬁltered

X taste. The secret of the Flavor is the famous

Marlboro recipe from Richmond, Virginia. . .ancl
the pure white Selectrate ﬁlter that goes with it.

Try Marlboro and judge for yourself. On or
off campus, you get a lot to liLe.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Flip-Top be; or King—size pack

 

