___——__
Heidelberg Expert 1 0
l W West of file Mississippi River
Dr Goetz Roth of the “Institut fur Politische Wissen~L
schaft" Heidelberg, Gelmany, will be a Visiting plofessoli
in political science this coming semeste1 at Grinnell, Jamesl

H Stanss, dean of the college, announced today
Dr Both will present two courses. International Politics and [VOL LXV]|IG"""9“ College, GrW'en- [Gwa Fr”Lil’- Jan“5"Y1 '21'952 N0-
» Government a n d‘

P°1¥lil§s Ogoﬁzgmanlﬂll Resgislralion Tomorrow

awlldyrhn can onus Dr. Bowen Will Visil Yugoslavia

the pecant histcry Registration tor the second
and of the political semester will take place in the

.
institutions of Westhomen's gymnasium Saturday AS Ford Foundahon Grou Head
and East Germany morning from 3:00 , 1:45 and
The main focus of lln the afternoon from 1:00 . 5:00.

the course, however,‘ 1 Students will be admitted ac. President Howard R. Bowen was announced Tuesday
will be placed up-

on problems of ctirding _to thaeogolloawlinglsched- as chairman of El three—man Ford Foundation committee
German foreign 3; ”"5355; ' ' ' 51 ”3°“? which will make a month- long visit to five universities in
hohcyl , . . , sophomores, 9. 5 -1Y

11:45 and freshmen, 1:00 _ 3 0_ l ugoslavia to choose a g1oup oil 7V— gi,
Students interest-l visiting scholars.
ifr Milne 553:?er? The committee, which also in-‘ A. L. Bickmore
Germany should a e S ame cludes Dr. Stanley T. Gordon
consult their major

advisor’ The course of the Ford Foundation and Prof. To Se rve As

wlll be glmn new - lRichard E, Neutsadt of Colum— .

days and Thu,sdays1o ysms OS bia University, is scheduled to‘ A VISOI' Here
at U and will be ' ’ ‘
conducted as a sem l Gram O. Galel (physics) has arrive in Belgrade January 20,}
11131 priority wiii= been named regional counselor Following interviews at the
be given seniorslfor the Statc of lowa by the Universit'e f ,3] ~ _1 - 1 .
and juniors, American Association of Physics .3“ s 1 S. O esglfade.‘ mum 155233;“ 35 .3 “"l‘lfmmm “g
Teachers and the American Ins“_ J 1 araJEV01 oplje, andl 1» P . nnng B SECOD

Dr, Ruth received . z b b lsemester, he and Mrs. Biekmore
, tute of Physics. asre . a out 30 young Profes-1 . . .
‘l‘l‘jldfl‘l‘fega‘l: £33 in this new post, he will work1sors and other scholars will be M“ mu” “‘9 W‘”‘"““ 0 Gen“?

’ ' ' ‘ ' (chemistry) home while Dr.
as we a :l l l with educahonal authoirties in offered a ll t . 1
Professir 55:35 leg" ”3 iowa to improve the quality of C “we ° mm ‘0 “‘9 Oeike 15 On leave,

Ashley L. Bickmore of Mid»
,dletown, Conn, has joined the

~ Weber from 1955. high school physics teaching in united 5m“ f‘" a year °f 5”“ A graduate of Colby College
Dr Goetz Roth 53 and presented the 5‘3“" , dy and ”gem" with a B-A- degree Bickmore
introductlslry seminars hforh students of sociology and political Announcemené 0th 1515;591:0111“ They will come 215 visiting has an M.Ed. degree from the
sc1ence ore recen y e as concentrated on roblems of inber~ men was ma 6 y 1‘0 essor
national politics, including German foreign polio}; at the institute Malcolm Correll. ot the J.inlver-1S.Ch°k‘rS ““d“ a ”mam 55‘“ 1:32? 5:3?“1‘efsmm‘g‘3‘ Ed"
0.”: C l sity of Colorado, President oithe‘hshed by the Ford Foundation and b '. 5 ”l3“? 3° 6:
— am US ' ' ' American Association of Physics that is similar to one alread in “smegma“ W ° m- me“
1 y
eawn x I I Teachers and Dr. Elmer Hutch- t» ~ “’13.“ has be?“ “gage“ m 9‘1“"
A +- 3+ PI isson Director of the American opera 1°11. W1”! several 0f PD- cational public relations, admis-
C IV] y ans linstitute oi Physics. Professor lands ““‘VerS‘l‘ES- ,Sion and fund raising work-
T B . S own ere ’Gale served as educational con- N B b
o e Val-led gig-Haul, to the institute in 1957 l ew ar er Plaza Dedicafed
A wide variety of programs, A collection of 29 modem He was selected for his comps . Barber of Niles Mich. ’99 the
ranging from chamber music to hand-woven tapestries by Clar.1ctence in physics, interest in im- ““1131 gent“ S"; l?“ Pl’l‘a“ rihh is to he maintained to; st“.
a Grand Ole Opry show is ibel McDaniel of Carbondale, iproving physics teaching and'lfa‘l‘:t lye grle‘d “ﬁgs “3 dent and facultyrstaff use from
planned for entertainment in: lll., is now on exhibition in thélability to work effectively inil,00 .dP gt; a “g fly; en‘ill-fd' October through March each
Des Moines during January, Fine Arts Center. The showing, iowa to reach this objective. - re,“ e“ “1"” - . “W year, During the other months
Musical events include the: which opened Thursday, Jan. 4, 45°C“ CQ'W‘M‘" 3’“ Hem“ it will he used to, outdoor par:
Des Moines symphony orchestra will continue through Jan. 23 C II e's PPPE 533;“ Mail; Dill 1:33;; gm“: ties and dances
with guest violinist Sidney1 Miss McDaniel, weaving in—l 0 e ?‘ °“ "‘3' ‘ g e 1’
North High School auditoriumlUniversity, has had her work
at 41 exhibited in numerous shows

Dr. Bowen stated that the square ieet in area, about the
skating plaza would be extreme- same size as the famous Rocker

Harth this Sunday afternoon inistructor at Southern lllinois G. $2 4 937 .mg. The rink is roughly 7,000

- - . , ly valuable to Grinnell in pro- feller Center rink in New York
”35336323,, r12m:l gills] nglienlzgldal‘dgfis won a number “i A three-year grant oi $241937Ividing a further opportunity for City. Ice for the plaza is pro»
the Drake University auditorium Her lapesmes vary greatly in1in renewal of support of the students to lmamialm their phys- vided _bylan extension of the air.
Wllh Andrew 13. White, balllmm sublecl shape Slze and lexlure ,Program in Practical Political ical well-being which is essential conditioning apparatus of the
Malcolm Fm, will New“ and lhéy are love“ l“ many dir.’ Education has been made to to a high level of intellectual new Fine Arts Center.
3 Plano mm for “when {mm colors and Vmelles of Grinnell by the Maurice and achievement, During suitable weather a
or the ci io Music Association yarn. They bear such titles as man” Falk Fwi‘dam“ 0‘ Pms’ The ngmm 3‘ Which Vice “mm-"w ““k- 53-“ °f Darby
at 5:15 pm. in the KENT .1Traln,S_Eye View,” “Commlllee burgh, Pa, President noward R, President Merritt C: Ludwig was also W111 be maintained for both
theater on Jm m Comm Meeting)" liAbslramon h, HighBowen announced this week, master of ceremonies, also in- recreational skating and ice
soloists will compete in the Key” and “Network in Red." l The Falk Foundation helped eluded a special skating _demon- hockey- _
Young Artists‘ Auditions, A rug, 33,135 inches, 15 theilnitlate the political education simian featuring exhiiemons by Phones WI” Be On
Jan, 27 from 9 am, until 4 largest of the items displayed,lprogram withagrant three years Dr- BOWm NW“ “V1150“. sue .
1m in the Drake university .It is woven in wool, silk, ramie ago as part of its effort to helplAndmm‘ and A““ V“ G‘lde‘d' For Exam Period
audioriurn. land linen, using black, white, and encourage colleges and uni— Eh? dﬁm‘mstz‘m" 3.35 lamngle N0 elm e in me usual hours
Contralto Harriet Moore vlo- gray and olive hues. 1W“sitieS in “educating the ““7 y “ream "8C or N g

 

 

t' d A t' 't' Co selor deuce hells will occur durin the
ist Patricia Stephenson will per lnell exhibition are scheduled roi 1 Dr. c. Edwin Gilmour (politic, m“) a" c ‘v‘ ‘95 “n g
chamber music recital at the from October through March ‘PPPE. gm from Mrs Margatel Kyle chalrman of the AWS board
Friends or Music recital arel 0‘ e "ES 8 a . ma . ll Friday, January 1,2
free of E11111. T B G i0f SDX Th l 39 Ph 1
l i I I l 9:30 p,m._Following game—ice Skating Party with re-
l
a‘ “19 Des anes Community Mo, former editor oi the New the private dining room. Attend» ARH
on weekends lently co—editor and cerpublish-liil journalism, plus special faculr 274 p.m.7Tobogganing Party
ccs Cuka will entertain in She~ Wednesday at Grinnell. Snndaln January 14
Thehter at 8:30 pm Wedhgsi Delta Chi aml Theta Sigma Phi, question period. Besides being a Thursday, January 131
1rcs ectivel , a ties,” and “Jammin’ the Blues" (40
Johnny Cash and countryaiid p y W Sp°ns°mg ‘m‘s‘gma Dena Chi-
KBNT theater Jan. 23 at 1:30, 9:30 p.mlA-Ice Skating Party with refreshments
modem version, will slum ln arena in Des Moines, will teach Who Wlshes help Faculty and 3:00 p,m.—Movie—“Dr. Laurent,11 ARH
1 Friday, January 26

llnlsl Fellx Ponzlanl and ml“ The 29 tapestries in the Grin-lien for palms" Simone (men1s physical educa. for phone service in the resi-
Geor ia Dentel. final examination eriod accord—
form in a Friends of Music shows in tive Midwestern citiesl al science) is director of the M2539 possible by a $50,000ling to Ann Hamill)“, puhhcity
Des Moines Art Center Jan. 23 . .
at 4 pm. Both of the events at F Ed 1 0f N Y k 'l' b
Drake University and the ormer I or 8W 0r rl une SOCIAL CALENDAR
7:30 pm ——BasketballiMonmoulh
» 7:30 p.m —Swimming meet—Nebraska
Samuel Taylor’s ”The Pleas-l
ure of His Company” will pla , a . _ . . . . treshments
J Robert M, White 11 of Mexico, 1dinnei, which will be at 6115 in 9:30 p_m__Foll°wlng gamchMovanlusllce ls Done")
glayail-OESZDJefe-elilzligtllilrsozgnl; gfgdlrork Herald-Tribune and cur» ing will be students interested gammy, January ‘13
H . 13 dd 1 F er of the Mexico Evenillgltyrstaff and off-campus guestsl 7:30 pm _1l§afketball_xnox H D
ermione a eey and ran. Ledger, Wm speak at a dmhgrl “Howlm Control the Press” is, 030 ptm.7 olowmg gamFSock 0p, arby
lagh Delaneyis 11A Taste of A _ thesubiect of Mr. White’s talk, 34:30 p,m7chogganing Party
Honey” Jan. 15-17 at the KRNT Th“ ”liege Chapters 0‘ s‘gmalwhich Will be followed by a 7:30 p.m—Movie—“Justlce is Done”, Ann
. , national professional journalismlworking news a ermah ML 7:30 and 0:00 p.m.—Special Film Series—“Barbershop
2:38 ﬁll-“91:1 ”We Wm be alfratemities fol men and women, white is negionpalp director for Ballads.” ”Show Tunes of the Thir-
‘l” minutes) Science Lecture Room.
western sings will present :1 S 1 I T B J Friday, January 19
“Grand Ole 0m,” Show m the 5 mg (355 O egm an. 3018100 p.meMovice“Dr. Laurent." ARI-I
.l
5, and 8 in. Jan, 29, “The Mrs Ma_iearet Johnsoni Pljo the iink flom 3:30 to 5 and will Saturday, January 20 _
Tenth Mama Paddy Chayefsky.S fessional instructor at the ice he “mingle h) mum anyonel 7:00 until 12:00 pin—Bowling
. figure skating classes on Barber 5mg members are also lnvned Sunday, January 21
the KENT theater at 8‘30 pm‘lPlaza beginning Jami 30- to take advantage of this oppor- ”0 p'm'—P‘a“° Rem“
These classes, part of the reg- tunity. according to Anna Mae 7.30 d 1015 _S .l Fl 5 . A i 7
College Church men's 111151111 W (women's 911m «111:1 - ~ 111. 11£e§$711cai£(533511153339 Chap

program, _w111 be open to men tionl- 1 3:30 p,lll.—Dl‘ama—“Tlle Thirteen Clocks,” Roberts
The Reverend George Siudy, students If they are "(it “1le The iigure skating classes will Theater ‘

minister of the Edgebrook Cons durum quens registrau‘)“: The begin Jan. 30. Any upperclass Saturday, January ,27 , . _ _ _
gregallonal church in Chicago, classes Will be held from 1200 women interested h, auditing 8:00 pm.~—Spec1alFl‘lllm Series—Charlie Chaplin comedies
will speak in Herrick chapel this ’-° 1- 30 Pm and “Om 2 ‘0 3-30 one of the classes should check 8‘30 P:m»7TDlrlarréa7 The Thirteen Clocks, Roberts
Sunday morning at 11:30. The1pm. each Tuesday during the with the womehg physicai ed“. ea or

. , 0:00 p.m exec Skating Party with refreshments
title of his sermon is “The fllst half of the semester.c21l:lon depaltment Monday or 9:00 p.m—Union Party with Band
Christian as a Gambler.n Mrs. Johnson will icmain atlTucsdays _____——__

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page Two

 

 

 

ﬁnalist anh {Mark ‘

Grlnnell, Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE

n wcckly howspapcr published cnch Friday of the college
year by tho Grinnell Committee on Student I‘ublich ns, r,
hndrrw Brown, ch 'rmnn. morcscnwd for national advertising
by Notionnl nm-ct-nsing Senlce. rnc., College Publishgrs hen
rebenuillve, 420 Madison Iii/2., New York, N. ‘1. Entnlod us
Vi sccand cliisa mnttel M tbs Post. ouirc at. Grlnl'le lows, under
l“ \he not of blnrch z, isis. Subxcriptioil nitc $4.50 per school

Year.

ones:
Editor
Socciol Assistant
Soccinl Assistnnt B

   
  

 

Nancy Page!
.lim Hotlirld

  
 
 
     

Jon Larson
Gaol-cc buck
mm Enllmltu
. Dovc Brown, San. Glossmhn

,. . Sussn n, Roberts

 

Businoss Manager
New) Editor
Assistant News Edita
Copy Editor

  
  

 
    
 
 
   
  

 

Assistant Co) Russ Luepku
Proof mini! Gsrhldinc Rooney
Assistant Pivot L..A, C 10$. .. S’rtllilyﬂ Kent

so a not. in arms
SW”: EM ,, .. Pete Ilﬁllel'

rmturo Editor .,
chicf Photographer
Ad Solomon ..
Layout Manors
Businoss Auismn

John ilnrlnn
, Cwl’ga rorcst
. lcslic lsuisclrucn
Andy hand

   

 

No Drums, No Trumpets

It would be unfair to pass judgement on the new test-
ing schedule at this point. But, nevertheless, we can’t help
being reminded of the well-meaning animal lover who
(looked his dog’s tail it little at a time—so it wouldn’t hurt

so much.
u a a

With tongue still in cheek we note that if there is no
vocal conservative group on campus at present, there are
at least the stirrings of an active, in fact radical, middle.
Members of the young organization are reported to be
eagerly awaiting the publishing of a book by Clark‘s super-
centerist Tom Fullmer called “Thunder on the Fence."

‘ Jim Hatfield

 

on i m :1- Anln 8' ACK

Friday, January I2I I952

 

by Tom Phillips

Bertold Brccht's ”Caucasian
Chalk Circle" was presened by
Grinncll Players on December a
and 9 in Roberts Theater. Two
modes prevailed in the work-
social parody and social criti-
cism.

The backdrop of the parable
was class struggle, but rather
than portraying the rise of a
moral and visionary working
class, Brecht made his proletar-
ian hcrocs just as corrupt and
ridiculous as his aristocrats, and
his social position was seen only
in the fact that he views the
common man with a kind of
lusty joy.

Brecht’s genius camc through
as he on one hand destroyed the
image of the ideal peasant rev—
olution. and on the other, vin-
dicated the human qualities of
the common people.

Such statements as “The
home of the Soviet pcoplc shall
also be the home of Reason"
(quoted in the original pro-
logue) were shown to bc non-
sensical, for thc prolctarians
were hardly more reasonable
than their predecessors still,
the class war was looked upon
here as a human comedy
rather than an economic strug-
gle, and the rule of the pace

 

Jerrold to tie (Tali-tor

An open lsttcr to the faculty and
students:

1 am very grateful to Dr.
Easy for having raised the is
sues which he did concerning stu—
dent government(S&B, Doc. 3).
These issues concerning a very
philosophy of student govern—
ment have arisen again and dc
gain, but never before have they
been so clearly pinpointed and
openly stated. I should like to
speak to these points in this
latter.

Until the past few years, col-
lege student governments were
little more than shadow organr
izations performing a few nec-
essary administrative functions.
They planned social events, took
ca'rc of pop machines, and per-
formed other routine tasks. Un-
der these Circumstances many
student governments went out of
business for lack of any relev-
ance to the educational and in
tallsctual enterprise. They simp-
ly could not grasp the essence
of student leadership. So in
many of the more forward-lookv
ing schools there has been a
tendency to add a Creative func—
tion to the administrative.

David Riesman has written
bout the apathy, blissful ind
fcrcncc, and dcfeotism of col-
lege students. Students are com.
mitted to an inadequate status
quo in absence of some miracle
of nature that will bring change
without involving them in it.
The most disturbing thing about
Dr. Riesman’s observations in the
absence of understanding of the
relation of an individual to the
affairs of society and the solu-
tion of public questions—it is
the lack of a feeling of personal
participation which democratic
societies need.

John Stuart Mill said, “The
moral influence which a uni-
versity can exercise, consists
less in any cxprcss teaching,
than in tho pcrvading tone of
tho place. Whatever it teachv
cs, it should tcach as pene-
trated by a sense of duty, it
should present all knowlcdgc
as chicily a means to worthi-
ncss of life, givcn for the
double purpose of making
each of us practically usciul
to his fellow creatures, and of
elevating the character of the

 

species itself; cxalting and
digniiying our nature."
This is the reason for the at.

tempt to improve student govern-
ment. Perhaps no other single
group of individuals so accurate-

ly mirrors, and more important,
clearly affects the values held
by a student body than those
who are in the student govern-
ment. The degree of concern
that student government cxprcs—
sss for student comforts in re-
lation to its concern for student
intellect and responsibility will
be both a reflection of current
values on campus and a strong
contributing factor.

Thus a USNSA basic policy
declaration states, ”A student is
both dedicated to truth and to
preparing himself for leadership
in a democratic society; he must
be prepared to face the chal—
lenges of modern life and he
must be willing to confront the
crucial issues of public policy
that affect him beyond the class.
room and that determine the
course of his society." The ex-
ample that student government
sets forth and the values it
manifests will set the pcrvading
tone of the place.

A student government and a
national union of students then
are organizations for action.
They are not information agenr
ciss—studcnts can read news-
papers. As vehicles for action,
student government makes the
statement of protest or principle
and sets up the committee to
remedy or to take appropriate
action.

Thc Prosidcnt of the United
States reminds the people that
they are engaged in tho busi—
ness of making their nation
one which embodies the idmls
of individual liberty and op—
portunity. And the cry, “Tell
us what to do," comes to the
President. “We cannot act un-
til hc tells us what to do,"
comes from the nation's press
and citizenry.

This is not the spirit of a
strong, dynamic nation. Student
government must provide an
atmospherc of commitment and
action within the academic com—
munity that is conducive to the
development of cltizens who will
not have to be told what to do.
it will develop citizens who are

capable of defining for them-
selves a responsible role in so.
ciety in spite of its complexities
and frustrations.

it will dovclop citizens who
will not beheld down when
they sec something that needs
to be done. studcnt government
should exist to provide a stimu-
lus and a vehicle by which stu-

dents can make a commitment
on an issue that is worthy and
then make some sacrifice to
manifest that commitment,

Dr. Baay is not exactly cor—
rect when he asserts that stu—
dent leaders have not been
elected for their ideological or
political views. In some halls,
senators have, This is my rea-
son for wishing to create politic-
al parties on the student governs
mcnt level. Elections are ap-
proaching and I ask every stun
dcnt to ascertain the political
views of those whom he elects.
This will not destroy student
government, but will help us to
grasp more fully the essence of
student leadership.

Bill Halama
SGA PrSil‘lent

Dear disintquishcd cditir:

In dispiration — and after a
lengthy extense of vascilation
because of my disallusionmcnt—
I write you in the picturesque
and imbominable languancc (Re-
vised Addition) of my students
term papers before my honor is
hlllenated and my beliefs in-
habited.

The epidimy an dcapth of the
disasterous riff 7 of which 1
am the non-heriditay victem—
is the consentratcd affect of all
thosc wayword and unscraupu-
lous propogandists (my devout-
ed students). Dispitc my scould-
ing. pleading, prophesizing, and
dissaproval, there spelling def-
inatcly and devistatingly re-
gresscs backwards, with no hope
of ascention from the boundagc
of there wavoring expermints
with words.

The finale blows (term pa-
pers) which they are now de-
liviering and i am receiving, by
which i am completely seiged,
are a type of annontated litera-
ture often of considerable insig-
nignificance.

Thcy arc about to conqueror,
rny phyxical valadity and ferti-
tility by prominantly intorvin—
ing my compctancc and load-
vcrtantly chastising me with
political scrcwdncss.

At this rate I shall soon be
distanced from my conscous ex-
istance. Perhaps your iniativc
andkeen desicion will help me
devine how there death cars can
be shone the delicicacies of com-
pashion in the knick of timo
and how they can be lead from
there idolitrics (of incorrect
spelling) to the feastivals of
truth.

Heartfully yours,
Winston L. King

—Exorcisc their typewriters? Ed.

plc cmcrgcd as an ironically
good thing, “almost an age of
justicc."

The major difficulty both in
interpretation and performance
of the play lay in the character
of Grusha, the kitchen-maid.
Grusha is on one hand ridicuv
lous: she is silly nod overscn
timontal and is given impassion—
ed cliches to speak. However. her
stock situation is emotionally
appcaling, and invites an em-
pathy characteristic of melo-
drama, thus disrupting the fab—
ric of detached parody.

Unless the play is to be view-
ed as a crude tearrjerker con-
cerned with mothers and chil-
dren, Grusha‘s pathos must be
seen as touching but essentially
trite, and the actress playing
Grusha must emphasize her role
as the sentimental kitchen-maid,
another side or the comic work-
ing-class image.

Barbara Beale, as Grusha, took
exactly the opposite tack. Lines
like “Being powerful and bad,
Is hard on a lad . . . " are
obviously not to be taken ser-
iously, but Miss Bealc played
them straight, causing an odd
marriage of sentiment and par»
ody to take place on the stage.
However, Brecht may havc been
more to blame than Miss Beale
for this inconsistency. He gave
Grusha far too much emotional
appeal, and it would be a major
task for any actress to cut off
the empathy that this role must

Campus

by Pots

Five Grinncll students were

asked the following question:

“What do you think about the

present testing and reading per—
iod schedule?”

Bobcrt Levin (Sophomore
“since i have only lower div
sion courses the schedule does
not do that much to harm me.
There is, however, a shorter per-
iod for the lower division tests
and I find that my tests are too
closely spaced together. i pity
those students who have both
upper and lower division cours
es and so have to attend classes
while studying and taking tests."

Barbara Graver (Junior); “1
don't particularly like the idea
of having to go to a lower div
sion course the day of a com-
prehensivc."

.lon Amsel (Senior): “The
prcscnt examination schedule
doesn’t pcrruit a scnior to stII~
dy for both lower division
courses and upper division
exams. Secondly, the dots on
which lowcr division courses
begin interferes with the time
needed to study for compre-
hensives and graduate record
tests."

Julia Johnson (Junior): "I
think that the idea is a good
one but the schedule'was ar-
ranged poorly. With a better
schedule all students would be
able to utilize the reading pe

 

 

  

 

f“ChaIk Circle" Porlrays Social Parody, Criticism

Mike Burr, as Simon
Shnshnyn. played a. less diffi-
cult part with good tastc,

ncvcr allowing the audience to
get mgudlin about his stock
emotions. John Word as the
story—teller was generally
wry and philosophical, only
occasionally sccming too in-
volved with his own pal-able.
Phil rowcll,was a pondcrous
gas as Azdak, and very nicely
brought over tho concept of
justice upsiderdown yet right—
sideaup.

. The smaller roles in the play
are actor‘s holidays. and they
were overplaycd with gusto.
Especially outstanding were
Connie Bergen as the governor’s
wife, Peter Cohan as a drunken
monk, Sam Grossman’s fat
princc, Ted Moss as a military
moron, and Al Stanley in a va-
riety of artful burlesques.

Sam Schuman was fine as the
fawning Shauwa, though his guia
tar often lapsed into very inap-
propriatc American blues, and
newcomer Chris Meyer also dis-
played a budding flair for the
stage. Lighting, scenery and
makeup were imaginative and
well executed. in perhaps the
best technical job players have
done.

With one major reservation
and a few minor ones. i would
say that “Caucasian Chalk Cir»
cle” was a great success, and
thanks to Ned Donahoe for a

highly enjoyable evening.

Inquirer

M. Miller
iod to a greater extent:

John Pet on (Senior): “I like
it because it gives me time to
consolidate my knowledgc both
for finals and for comprehen—
sives, but I think that there
should be some way of avoiding
the conflict between upper divi—
sion testing and lower division
classes. 1 also feel that it is
particularly bad to have second
semester lower division courses
start before Comprehensives are
finished."

Anonymous: “If they continue

Co-ed Gymnasium
Registration Sel-

Registration for co-ed physi-
cal education classes will be in
the women’s gym tomorrow. The
Co—ed courses being offered are:

Beginning fcnclng, 1 p.m.,
Monday, Wednesday.

Senior life saving, 2 pm,

 

Monday, Friday.

Bowling, 1 pm. Tuesday,
Thursday.

Bowling, 2 pm, Tucsday,
Thursday.

Water saicty instruction, 2
p.m., Tuesday, Thursday.
Square dance, 4 pm, Tues-
day, Thursday,
Open instruction in ice skat—
ing, 3:30 to 5:45 pm, Tucs-

day only.
The men's Schedule remains
the same as last semester

Classes begin January 25.

 

EXAMINATION SCHEDULE

First Semester.

I91) I -62

UPPER DIVISION SCHEDULE

Saturday, January 13, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group
lo. 1:00 p.m. All classes meeting in Group 11.

Sunday, January 14. Review

Day.

Monday, January 15, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 1.
LOWER DIVISION SCHEDULE
All written work must be handed in by 6:00 pm. on January

12, 1962.

Saturday, January 13, 9:00 a.m. All classes meeting in Group

ID,
Sunday, January 14, Review

Day.

Monday, January 15, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 1.

1:00 pm. All classes meeting in

Group 2.

Tuesday, January is, 9:00 a.m All classes meeting in Group 3.

1:00 pm. All classes meeting in

Group 4.

Wednesday, January 17, 9:00 a.m. All classes meeting in Group
5. 1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 9.

Thursday, January 18, 9:00 a.m. All classes meeting in Group 8.
1:00 urn. All classes meeting In Group 6.

Friday. January 19, 9:00 2.1m. All sections of Humanities 1.
1:00 p.m, All sections of Historical Studies II.

Pleaso note that the examination schedules for both upper and
lower dryision will overlap on January 13 and 15. .

—___._—_§

‘Friday. January. I2I I962

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Three

l

CAKES

Hoopsters Defeat Coe; Hold Second Spot! DECORATED

by Len Calodney

The Pioneer basketball team
raised its Season’s record to 8—1
via a 78-63 victory over Coe
last Saturday night in Darby
gym. The victory left.Grinnell
in second place in the Midwest
Conference standings behind un-
defeated Monmouth College.

The Pioneers struck early on
a basket by George Gray, and
went on to pile up an sea lead
beiore Kohawk Herman Lypson
scored on a foul shot. Each team
tradeti pairs of ﬁeld goals be-
fore Grinnell surged again, net—
ting six quick points on buckets
by Guard Gar Smith and two
by Gray

Coe then held the Scarlet
cagers scoreless tor the next
four minutes while they clicked
for a half dozen of their own,
but the Pioneers came back to
ﬁnish the half with a 10-point
bulge, 38 2a. ,

As the second half began, .
Grinnell a t

C ONFERENCE STAND—INGS

Monmouth n
Gri-mleﬂ 1
Cornell
Carleton
SL olnt

Pioneer guard Gar Smith drives around Coe detender, Jack
Bayse, to score during the second half at last Saturdays game.
Smith is currently seventeenth in the Midwest Conierence in
scoring, hitting at a 121 point—a—game clipi

 

 

lemma
surge of six straight points,

increasing their lead to 16
points.

Undaunted, lCoe kept pecking
away at the Pioneer lead, and
with 7:51 remaining in the
game were down by only ll
markers, This was the closest
the Kohawks were to get to the
hot Grinnellians as the Pioneers
poured 13 points through the

ﬁltttrltt an?! {Mark

SPCJRTS

 

hoop to their opponents' two,
gaining their biggest margin
of the contest, to lead 76-54
with 3:42 Showing on the clock.
In the time remaining, Coe
staged a rally that netted al ‘GrinneII's defending Midwesti
string of nine points, broken Conference champion swimlningl
only by Ray Horton’s ﬁeld goal. lteam pits its talents against_the
in this game the Pioneers didlUniversity of Nebraska tonight
not employ the hack can“ at 7:30 in the ﬁrst home meet
press they had used so eﬁective- of the season-
ly against other opponents. Coach Irv Simone rates theX
' GRINNELL can meet as the toughest his team
a re r c rr rl will have all season. Nebraska
Musser 4 4-4 sLmson s M z‘represents the Big Eight Con-
Asby lel twatto 1-1 2 Terence and Simone calls their
Sundoll 4-5 35mm“ on owned “the best at that school
Gray 2.: o Rhinel- can 1‘ in the past six or seven years.”
smith ,4 l Buy-ac M 2 The meet is the ﬁrst for Grin-
Milnin 5-8 amnion . 9-0 2 hell after an IBvday Christmas
Roger'n 2»: Hackson on o vacation.
Home “’0 IWrim 0-1 1 In their previous action this
Shem 0-0 95mm M 1 season the Pioneers have done
Mower 1’2 Iiwell, At the annual Knox Re-i
Totals 29 10728. H mm 1-2 3 lays the swimmers earned two
Knew" 2-3 a ﬁrst place trophies and ﬁve
second place awards in a meet‘
dominated by Washington Uni<
versity of St. Louis

However they continued to I .
l . Against Beloit ,in their ﬁrst
my the same “m“mg gamelconterence meet of the year

that has produced eight victo-l i .
ries so iar this season. ”inmate‘s “m“ 935”“

Leading the scoring parade ors with lo points apiece John
was Grinnell’s Gray with 22 Sundell Grinnell center, was
followed by his teammates, Jim mpg in the rebound department
Mlﬁlin with 16 and Bob Musser,pullmg the b n 05 the boards
with 12. Lylason and Jim Beck- 19 timesetwice as oiten as
man tied for Coe's scoring hon- any other player in the game.

I
I

 

Totals 27 945 la

 

 

CINNAMON nous . l
The Fines'l'

Food In Grinnell

Served In A'
Friendly A'l-mosphere

DIXIE INN

One Block From
The Campus

STEAKS

OPEN

5:00 AM. TO 8:00 P.M.

SHRIMPS CARRY OUT SERVICE

 

 

 

 

Grinnell Tankers WiII Splash
lAgdinsl Nebraska U. Tonighl

GLASSES

Mode and Repaired in
our Laboratory.
Coniocl Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED

E. J. Jensen. GD.

0 plomefrisr

Across from Post Office

Someone in your Hall hav-
ing 2 birthday? Make the
party extra special with a
cake from Brown’s.

‘ E BRITISH GOVERNMENT

has announced a thong: in Ihcl‘ .
migralt’on laud. (he 1:]ch a] which i
will be lo but all immIsmnlerom
Commonmcnllh nation: who Jail Ia
about I) (Ital ajnb awnil: Ihcm in I
Brl'ml'n, or 2) [Ital (hey pour—u 14::-
fit! shut. or 3) Mai ”Icy arcnlu-
mlcd. wt .l/tlnmi-gmatreon'zgtl

in!» England. they
can always try
NonldrgA—rh.

* COOKIES
I 1% SWEET ROLLS
* DECORATED CAKES

BEWN'S
BAKERY

2364386
Across from city Library

he... the (uncut and.
uINAIIoNA Elew.
woman: copy.
ISOEJS Noanlk
l6,N.YoIorlle-<apy.
I

 

SALES Q REPAIR o RENTAL

* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
if Hermes

LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* 1k * *

SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
Imprinted March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeogrop hing

GRENNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE 9951 OFFICE"

 

BeslI Pizza in Town and Best Service Too

AHRVANO'S

Open Till 12:00 P.M. Dolly
10:30 P.M. Sunday

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LAGNDRY AND CLEAN NG
I I_ I_ A <3 E‘.

-. llletE em or we hold: o-Vlsmu or we we waiter-i eaaeoaama

SAVE 757

 

 

G & S SPEED WASH

Across from the Rock Island Station

 

 

HOLLOW GRVIEDUND SKATES

ONLY_ HOLLOW GRINDING AVAILABLE IN GRINNELL
* * * at

LET'S TRADE SKATES
WE HAVE A COMPLETE SELECTION

“ ézs‘MAlN‘isTREET GRINNELL.‘

OF SKATES & SUPPLIES

HARRY mnzn ...JR oqua

IOWA

 

 

 

Page Four

by Jim Hemg ‘ l

The Pioneers battle it out for . .
Animal

the Midwest Conference lead]
tonight when they meet
Life
by John Williams

unbeaten Monmouth in Darby l
gym at 7:30.

Matching their fouregame

streak and reel conierence record

against Monmouth’s nine—game

SIC/Pin. the Pioneers Could take Cowles has taken over the

Pioneers Fa ce Scots, Si was/l Here .

SCARLET AND BLACK

Frosh To Bid ,
For Isl' Win 3

Grinnell's ireshman basketball‘
team will hegin the weekend’s
sports events tonight at 5 with
a game against Wartburg‘s
freshmen in Derby Gym.

Friday. January I2. I962

 

Turner's Pharmacy

“Where Drugs are not a Sideline"
(Across the Street from the Grinnell State Bank)

 

over ﬁrst place by half a game
with a victory. Monmouth has

lead in the race for the Mac-

Murray trophy by easily retain- After

losing their ﬁrst two‘l

a 6.0 league mark.

On Saturday night the Knox
team that Grinnell beat by only
five points in the non-conference
Knox holiday tournament meets
the Pioneers at 7:30 in Derby,

With two big weekend vic—
tories, the Pioneers could

establish themselves as Mid—
west Conference leaders at the

mid-season break.

ing the volleyball champion
ship, which adds 500 points to
their total. Cowles has now ac-
cumulated 1170 points in their
drive for their lourth straight
all—season championship. haw—
son, last year's Kent trophy
trunnerup, is again in second
place with a total of 1140 points,
followed by East Norris. Dibble
.and Gates. Since Cowles is ex<

To top the red-hot Monmouth
Scots. the Grinnellians will have
to stop the Scots' high-scoring
back—court combination of .ier.
ry Mell and Terry Wilkison. The
combination has hit for an av-
erage of almost 45 points a game.

(lagers Capture
Tourney Crown

Continuing to disregard their
unimpressive pre-season ratings,
the scrappy Pioneers stopped
Knox College. 71»65. and romp-
ed over pneviosuly unbeaten ii.
of Chicago, 72.45, to Win
the four-team Knox holiday‘
tournament (Dec. 29—30). .

Chicago had earlier defeated
Colorado College, which lost to
Knox in the consolation contest.

The holiday affair was high-
lighted by the Pioneers‘ com—
from-behind victory over Knox.
The Scarlets. down twelve points

with twelve minutes remainingithere the ﬁnal standings show

in the contest. went into a roll.

court press and surged into the

lead with five minutes showing
- on the clock.

Chicago's dereat was its first
of the year. it had previously‘
Led small colleges in defense.
George Gray was the high-point
man against Chicago with 26,‘
while Kent Hogerson was high!
man against Knox with 17. .

In the tournament final
’Grinnell's 72 points stands as

the highest total racked up)
against the University of Chi- |

cage in recent years.

The Spot To
Hit is LDJS

I 1.211an

I Rawson

pected to 'be unusually strong
in basketball it appears likely
lthat they will once more go into
'the spring sports with a formid-
able array of points, but from

MAC MURRAY TROPHY
STANDINGS
Cowles l 170
Rawson 1140
East 1020
Dibble 970
Gates 950
Smith 850
North 840
mm 320
Clark 150
South 730
W051: 560

there on down the races will
be as close as ever,

The ﬁnal volleyball game of
the season last Sunday saw
both Langal-l teams win two
out of three against Rawson.
The four wins strengthened
Langan’s hold on second place
and dropped Rawson into a
Ihird—place tie with East. From

a IOegame drop to ﬁfthrplace
SmithY the only other team to
ﬁnish above .500.

FINAL IM VOLLEYBALL
STANDINGS

51 9

47 13

42 13

42 18

32 28

28 32

25 35

22 33

20 40

18 42

3 5’7

Cowles
East

.533
.467
.417
.367
.333 .
.300
.050

Smith
South
North
Dibble
Clark
Gates
WCSI:

 

games, the fresh will be look.
ing for their ﬁrst Win. Probable
starters for today’s game will be
Ed Spann, 6-4 center, Barry
Anderson, 6-2 forward, and.
Dave Sellergren, 6-0 guardrj
Dick Ullrich and Clyde Smith
started against Coe last week—
end and may start again today.
Larry Neal. Joe Thompson and!
Tom Buchholtz have provided
top bench strength in the pre».
vious games. - i

in the Coe game, Ed Spann‘

NOW
ITS
PEPSI

FOR THOSE WHO
THINK YOUNG.

 

was high scorer for the Pioneers
with 10 points in the recent 73-
57 1055. Neal and Buchhollz
scored six and seven points, re.
spectively, in that game.

FRESHMAN TRACK

All freshmen interested in
going out for the track team
should report to coach Dick
Young at Darby Gym as soon
as possible, Practice will begin
early next semester.

 

 

 

DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO
WOULD ENJOY

AN ADVENTURE —
IN -- HAWAII?

Clip the letter. sign and III I to Grinnell Travel
Center. 930 Main. We'll mail WIHI folder in "Mom
and Dad."

DEAR MOM AND DAD:

I am asking G n" Travel Center to send
you a folder on their trip to Hawaii. leaving Iowa
on March 3. Mr. and Mrs. Nor . travel agents. and
Mr. and Mrs. Wart. local editors. are going along.
Sounds like fun. Would you Ii e to go?

With love.

 

 

 

 

Shop in and see our
I Fine SelecI-ion of Baked Goods

DANISH MAID

BIS FOURTH
— We Feature Pastries Of All Kinds —

AI‘ Finals
Time You
Ge'l' No'I-hing

AT
‘ STANFORD'S
Sharfﬁocfrcur

 

 

 

 

 

BATES FLOWERS L

1012 Broad Street. Grinnell. Iowa

 

 

 

 

MERE IS A_ *
STARTLING‘
grammes;

DRY CLEANING TOO!

FORMALS AND EVENING WEAR OUR SPECIALTY
"Fastest Professional Service in Town"

IOWA CLEANERS

Serving both North and South Campus Agencies

* Hockey Slicks
* Pucks

* Shoe Skal‘es
* We Trade

 

 

ENT

vbwi‘iwhsso

Bring in your old SkaI‘es as parl-
paymenl' on a new pair.

HURRY WHILE THE
SELECTION IS GOOD

GEORGE & ROLF
HARDWARE

 

 

 

 

 

 

