Vol. LXX Grinnell, lowa. Friday. Feb. |

 

By John Woli
5&1; Asst. News Editor
_ The crucial struggle between
lindia and Red China tor leads
l‘ﬂ‘shlp in Southeastern A 'a was
lthe main topic of the in R0»
ieriiclol lecture, “Democracy vs
Communism in Asia.” given by

lDaiby gym last Frday night.
l According to Douglas, Red

Justice William 0. Douglas inl

China will have a nuclear Cap-z
inbiliiy by the End of this deC-l

countries.

l Red China is admittedly
‘ having trouble, but, said Doug-
i ias, she has made more pro—
; gress titan we have been led
l to believe. A large problem to
i the Chinese leaders is the [and
Had this problem
been solved, nouglas claimed,
r Red China would have been
1 the third greatest industrial
power by 1967.

()n the plus side [or Red China

: problem.

Douglas: leadership struggle
in Southeastern Asia cruc'al

preaches war.
Douglas indicated that this
split might not be purely ideo—
logical. He mentioned that Siber-
ia, just to the north or Red
China, could easily take in one
hair oi hed China's population
oi 500,000,000 and still be less
[densely populated than the
United States, p >
“You don’t have to tell Mr.
Khrushchev that inct. It's‘l‘he
last thing he thinks oi each

ade, Because of this (not, heiis the tact that She is presently
sees no way of avoiding. clashes graduating 40,000 engineers each
l'.\'l]l('l\ would lcdtl to iln atomic year. The Country is also rich

l night," Douglas remarked.
l On the topic of India, Doug‘-
las asserted that that country

‘wtti‘ unless all nations, cspcc»
ialiy Red China, are members
at some tribunal betcre which
"hey can be made to account ioi
their actions, The only such ei-
llcctivc tribunal at this time is
lllle Uriitcd Nations.

I In the lecture, Justice Doug—
‘ las emphasized that while in—
dia has iollowed a pattern oi
remaking the country by po—
litical methods, Red China has
been stressing army might. By
attacking India recently, Red
china has forced iridia to pour
money intended tor peaceiul
projects into the building of

a more eiiective army.

The American policy toward
Formosa was criticized by Doug-
las, He alleged that the govern-
ment oi Chiang K- '.shck is cor—
rupt and that United States and
lie being wasted there. He fur-
l thci- contended that this country
,ought to recognize the cover
tment oi Red China, riot because

it is representative or the ma.
,i‘o ty of Chinese but because it

is firmly established and can no
.longcr be ignored.

l Douglas observed that Red
,China is trying to rcasse t hels
1 Self as the greatest pow n the
Lwoi-ld and to re—cstablish the
l ‘niollici-laird," Our Southeastern
l Asian countries i-eaiize:tlris and
therclore late the Chinese who
are in the countries, This dis.

Dougia emphasized that we like is heightened by the fact
must res ze thin we are in a, that the Chinese always manage

 

JUSTICE WILLIAM 0. DOUGLAS speaks with Grins
nell students after his final lecture in Herrick Chapel.

Cold war competition

discussed by Douglas

The relative positions 01' the tions.
Soviet Union and the United
States to the underdeveloped nae

(ions of the world were (liscuss- (ti take over

tin natural resources such asihas made great progress since
coal. iron and tungsten ,it became independent even
Commenting on the ideologi-ltbough the policies oi Prime
cal split between Red China andlMimster Nehru have olten been
Russia. Douglas stated that inlulijustly critiCizcd in this coun—
ilu 100,000 Russian engiiiecrsltry The per capita income in
[w -c withdrawn rrom Rerlliiidia is $60 per year as corn»
‘China altcr completing only zooioared wth $35 per year in Red
iol the promised 475 tactorics. China.
inat year marked the begin-l India has been hclpcd great.
liiing of the split. Unable lolly through Ford Foundation
icompcte with Russia on the m- Darby Lecture
ldristrial levcl, Red China now Continued to page 3

Winter Carnival set for next week;
plans include snow events, dance

compete in the snow sculptur~
ing contest to be y'udged at
noon. As last year, the carni-
val events reature an alter-
noon ice skating snow put on
by students and a toboggan
race. Also on mid-campus will
be a cross country race by the
ski club members and a ski
chute demonstration with

‘tlle second annual Winter Car—
inival according to John Gle
steen. ciiairrrian oi the
,coordinating committee.
lsnow—timc leslival, which starts:
‘on Feb, 8, lasts tor two days:
land leatures outdoor and indoorl
ievents. Tire program will be ay
:con‘lbillation of ninter sports,
.events and regular wee end yumping contest.
‘activities. .‘ A shuttle service will run
Friday-s even“ (mum skat__throughout the aitcrnoon from
ing and skiing along with tlietlhe Union to the college ski hilk
W y basketball game agamsiiThere will be special'events at
Knox Dmmg the ban-Um ofithe hill with prizes awarded to
lihe game. the Snow Queen williwmnel‘s
the presented. A special ski film,l ﬁnalher basketbéll game high-
uimgh Skis," will be shown anmllghts _ the_ evening activities.
or the Game “‘Am‘endanAnlligans"; will he the
g . or . u >.
Saturday will be a day ior m ”a m ‘ w “a the S“

ed by Justice William 0. Doug»
lds in the second Rosenﬁeld lec-
ture, “Russia Today,” given last
Saturday in Herrick chapel.
According to Justice Douglasl
Americans otten give credit for

.ggle tor the minds or all
men. We must instill our deni»
ocratic traditions into the world
revolution‘ rather than promote
the status quo.

If we help the underdeveloped

businesses

which iInn” dance in Main lounge
much money

in these! run in the snow. Halls will ‘draws the carnival to a close.

,Violinlsi Ricci +0 play concer+s {Cook announces

control

revolutions to communists when nations in earnest, we will win
in acthuiiyy they occur hmuge a battle which our bombs and
thE people of a nation maple rockets are incapable oi righting,

‘ionig'n’r. iomorrow in Roberts

Vv'idely acclaimed violinist Rug-
giero Ricci will present c0nce1 .

world. A 1951 perlormanee
was called by one New York

lDavid Brown as

that they can no longer live inIE‘uquﬂS predicted
poverty and misery. The Soviet;
Union “has become the symbol:

Justice Douglas concluded with
a plea ior students, independent
of tht: State Department, to go
into the underdeveloped coun—
tries. tell the masses what we
stand tor, and wage an “nll»out
ideological war” ior the hearts

Vof works by Hindemith, Haven: reviewer “One of the most
Beethoven, poi-para, and Pink-on extraordinary musical experi-
iicli here tonight and tomorrow ences of this season." .
night. Ricct will play Niccola Por- 1"?“ F001“ “"50“ SW39!“

The concerts are scheduled ior pol‘a’s "Sonata in G Major,” Audlt‘“, may “.munced "‘9
3 pin, in Roberts Theatre. nicci Paul lilnderrtith’s “Sonata, 0p, “PW“‘mmm °f DaV‘d R» FWW“
will play the same program both 31, No. 2." Ludwig van Bee-' “5 “l9 “,5‘” SM?” ““0“ The
nights, lthoven's “Sonata in A Major, 0p. “°“““‘”‘“°“ “'35 made by the

student auditor

and minds of men.

The conrcrcnce will be held
Feb 22-24 at the' Overseas Press
Club in New York. The conic
cnce will servc two purposes: to
broaden
rcnt international events and to
develop a greater interest in
having student newspapers re-
port iorcisn news Expert jour-
na . i. 11 provide iirst-hand
inioiiiralion about many trouble
spots in the lz'ol‘ld.

Five group discllssions will

deal with the most important
"problem areas" oi today. Grit»

bendoril' was selected by the
United States Student Press As-

in the world. The United States‘
stop communism by arming re-,
The need in~ 5&3 will send
larly emphasized by Douglasl
war, we must reach the masses Studying at Gl‘inncllr will were:
Editor's Contcicncc on interna-
blueprint for the industrializa-
inaintained. Mongolia, lor ins
Russian building and training
“Ru i really and truly wants
rather than bombs will be the
growth, universal educational ”mm“ ““1 give“ “ gm"

oi revolt against the status qtlo"l
has relied on the military rath-
er than on ideas in the battle,
ior men's minds. We attempt to‘
actionary and corrupt regimes
while oiten stiﬂing those who
are searching ior democracy. l
communication ;
with the people ot the world in‘
their native tongue was particuA Grabendorff
We tail to on] th u er tuo‘
to ﬁve (per cemyot 318 {form Ht Woll' Grabendorn, a rulbripiit
we are to win ”10 ideological scholar trom Germany currently
.‘u m. ideals of demos,“ sent the Scarlet and Black and
;;:[1‘1-|.:edom y the German National Strident
' Association at the nitli Student
The Soviet Union has a
tional Anaiis,
tion or any underdeveloped
country whenever a country
asks ior such help, Douglas
stance, now has a higher
standard oi living than the
Soviet Union because of a
program in that country.
America, claimed Douglas, has
no such overall plan.
a world oi coexistence.” Doug-j
las stated, “They ieel that their
‘Capzlcxiy to serve the \Vorld'
decisive tactor in their ultimate
victory." Douglas has round that
the SoVict Union's amazing
opportunities, irce medical care, "hf“ ‘3‘“! 50"?" a“ h Fxl’ené’
and other social beneﬁt; have es in New York and \ iicli Wlll
become a goal for slruggling na» partly cover his travel expenses.

veteran oi more than 2,000
concerts given throughout the

Ricci, although only 33, is a 47," Serge Prokoiien‘s ’ewtm cabin“: and was ’3"
in E Minor, Op. 30" and Maurice
Ravel's “Tzigane.”

 

iFo‘url’een’ scheduled to receive ’
lB.A. degrees between semesters

i Fourteen Grinnell students arc
,rccciving their Bachelor ol' Arts
degrees at mid-year,

l THEY ARE B var-d L. Catt-on,
philosophy; Martha Cooper,
iEllen Kelley Fairbanks.
lcholo ; Ruth Giuenwakl.
toiy .nd Norman L.
American studies.

V Also, Laura L, McColium,
mathematics; Craig E McMah—

P5.
his-

understanding or my. us, political science; Melissa A.‘

Miller, sociology and anthropol-
iogy; and Frances r O'Rellly,
iFrc-nch.

Also,
psychology;

Sara Seaman

Constance

Rowe,
Ki’um A

lbeer Smith, psychology; Nancy,

liﬁlilﬁill‘semce
lin Herrick Sunday

l Winston King tdearr oi the
Chapeli will conduct a Coor-
i munion service Sunday at
l tatioir topic will be “You: My
Bondage. My Freedom.

K‘duble,

11:3!) in Herrick rhapel. Medi- ?

A. Stark, English; David
Steinicbe, philosophy; and Carl
‘0. Trindic, chemistry,

i

i

Today

“Sonata :

V» mation.

Ed by the Student Senate on
Wednesday, Brown has worked
‘since January 1962 in the ca-
inacity oi assistant Student Aud-
titol‘.

. Announced at the same time
-was the opening oi applications
i‘or assistant Student Auditor.
:Pei‘suns interested in the job
should contact BmWn for infor-
Applications should be
returned to him by February 5.
‘Thc job is salaried.

"unatrwllen il’ where»

Ice skating workshops, Barber Plaza, 3r6, 778230 p.n"l.

Wrestling—Monmoutl 4
Conce'liﬂuggiero nicer, vio

inn-i.
linist, Roberts Theatre, 3 pm.

Reserved hall skating, Barber Plaza, 3:30-10:30.
l Lounge par-tics, North Campus, 9:30 p.ni.

Saturday
SwimiiiingsKnox, 1:30 pm,
Wrestling—Koo i 0 p.ni.
Free bowling~ _ p.ni.

ConcertiRuggiero nicci. violinist, Roberts Theatre. 8 pm.

MovleA‘Sahrina,“ ARE 3:

rill—campus lounge par y,

‘Sunduy

, College Church—Communion
Open swimming 07 o p.
MoviFHSnbrin-i"

‘Wednesday

30 pm.

Why‘.’"—Younker Lounge. 9:30 p.ni.

. Herrick Chapeli 11:30 am.
in.

A.R,H,, 9:00 pni.

‘ Ice skating i0 music—Barber Plaza—841 p.m,

‘ Thursday

1 'I‘oboggllnlng every day.
Odette—coining Feb. 15.

Vesperselterrick Chapel, 9:45 pm

 

Page Two

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, February.

 

 

Scarlei and Black

GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell. Iowa

A wsrtiv newsnnhnr nuniiumii
' - lo- the (. inilell ctuumiucc on
a. horn,

in of in. co"‘ve
'iuduol rubric-ouch wu,
(limi’mnll, Xenit‘suilcd tor in midi adv inc
shirts, “in, Chile i'uhlloilei) imp

isau 9, Now roik N izmcrui us

a miller at the post om. ' our, "tutti
i or itucu 3. mg. Subsc'iticu {Me 3 or bar school

' Jullu Woll
ituu Lu

inn worrumu
)iileii taunc
. iiar Martin."

 

. All letters to the Editor written for publication in the Scarlet
and Black must be typed and double spaced. No unsigned letters
will be printed. However, \vriiters' names will he withheld upon
request. The 5&3 reserves the right to Shorten any letter,

Exi'l Haifield

“Hat "eltl‘s scandal sheet” (The Scarlet & Black) is no
long-cl- Jim Hutl'ield‘s. This issue, us will the following 29,

SEA Presideni

Al Bos‘l'on - — -

Reports rise of committees

iieil community will
‘from the reading and examinas
ltlon period. Although the 1017‘
‘lowing two months will be a l’c-j.
iturn to “normalcy" for thc Stu-l,
”lent body, these two months:
lure traditionally busy oncs Iorl
{student government. In the past,-
year i have watched student"
‘govel'nmcnt slowly assumc the
lolm oi a committeestypc on}
‘ganizntion. 1

Last year student government,
,thsjvcd upon that one explosivcl
‘issilc (I do not intend a pun) oil
lnucleai‘ testing, Ou ide of “115‘
lissue and the larger ssue oi ha,
tioiial arlairs, studcnt govern-l
mcut did not attempt through its
Scllatc or through its committees,
to make any lasting impl‘essionl
upon Grinnell lite except in incl
realm oi rulcs, which is a tra—

Two committccs especially
arc oi importance this year,
thc curriculum committee and
the admissions committee.
Earlier this year, whcn i ask»
cd Bob ncnowicz to chair the
curriculum committee, my
concern was to develop a
permanent apparatu through
which student opinicm could
be directed to the laculty and
administration. Bellowicz has
orgnnized such a committee
and it is presently iunctiouiug
to dcvclop certain student re.
sponses to questions which
arose lrom Dr. Bowen‘s cou-
vocatiori address.

Naturally, the committee this
year can only make a start in
this held, but the very perma—

l in one more work the Gilliwdevelopllig an approach to slu-‘sired composition of the Grin—
emcrgc,dcnt problems, i.c., the commit» nell student body and the math—
ltec.

ods or recruiting its students.
This committee, too, will be pre-
senting reports to the Student
Senate and to the student body
through the colfee hour tech-
‘l’llun. _
As can be seen from the in-
tcrests of these two committees.
the implications of their reports
'will be closely associated with
[one another. indeed, it is in»
lpossible to discuss the future
,academic program or Grinneii
land not discuss what type at
’student will be enrolled at Grin-
,nell. .
These committees will not
only have great impact on each
other's findings. but i envision
that such student investigation
will have implicatons [or cv ~y
(acct oi Crinnell life, including

d1} 1 ‘ r 1' ‘ ‘ .
belongs to the 3&3 staff for 1963. The above masthead “m” “m ° “mm"

which lists me as acting editor s temporary. The editor- lortunaia that student govern-i
elect, Toni Fullmei', has had temporarily to relinquish his mm“ “0" that "18““? “"Y Cam-i

,\ , - ,, . _ ._ . pus organization) has not
post \ihlle conidlosClllg liom an illness. ‘SMh an important and emolion-lbe brougm

As cditoi', Hatfield made it lot of people angry. His , .

_ . , issue helps mvolvc the campusl
iigl'umellt 101' less stringent women s llOlll'S startled many, with sludem
The how-dili'eayou—s‘dy-sucll-tlstliing reaction was immediate. student EOVEI‘nmcnt
Hatfield and his managing editor, Lail'l'y Smucliet', opposed,

The admis

this

nence ol thc structure will
in many ways it has been un-lsure turthcr cticctivc work in
this arca. The student body may
‘look tor-ward to future
hud'flom this coinmittcc which will
beiore
al cause to champion. Such anfbclore spring vacation.

cns committee im- 2 scribed
government. Butfdel‘ Ed Robbins also is under
ycar taking an investigation al' thc
has taken a dclimtc stcp toward important questions oi the de-

the problems of enforcemenl.

Last December Dr. Bowen
asked the students to take a
close look at Grinnell and decide
what type of school they would
the Scnatcllike Grinnell to be, Through
[such committee work as that de-
above, we can expect
that we will ha’ve at least par-
tial answers to this question by
spring.

in-

reports

 

 

full-out shelters. brushed aside the Spring- Riot as “not so
Se ious,” tmd culled for a “drastic modification of the col-
lege drinking rule.”

Tom Phillips

Hatfield's pzlpcl‘ didn't leave much room for l'ellces.
post stl'ziddlel's. There was usually it reaction to his editorial;
policy, and it was by no means always favorable. ‘

Some of the sub'ects mked over on the S&B editorial
page have been criticized by the college administration as h'l I td , d (h L H ll
, . , at n a
being- dangerous-to the reputation of the college. file 201- 31,1322“, baled \§;:}?C,V,x$°2mw:wm; gbeneam
lege newspaper is not wrong, however, to discuss colitl‘os quotes Howard R. Bowen to the effect that col-

. . -_ - t, r, - , lege students should lead a “somewhat Spartan
\eislal- topics. Students should be ilee midis-cuss any phase ”fey-n as this we best hams the purSun of “W"
of their college llle or to express any reeling toward nil, D1; Bowen mentions the use m- alcoholic
tionnl 01‘ international politics—no matter how reactionary beyel‘gges “" “‘5 5‘9‘0‘l‘0‘1‘v With a strung mu
. . ~. plicatmn that such indulgence is detrimental to
05‘ ladlcal their new may be. true scholarship So today i should like to dca
‘ . hate the question OI whether or not alcohol is
‘ Students must try to understand and lllold the society conducive to the piu‘suil of truth, and naturally,
iii which they live. They cannot keep Silent on regulations I will prove that it is.
and practices they believe to lie wrong. The voice of the Most people think that drunkenness is a
, dents at Gl'fnilell is the Scarlet & Bliic _ coniuslon ol' the normal slatc of awareness. that
, ‘it impedes the laculties lo the cxtent that any—
Open discussion of the values and regulations which (lime you may think mav be pleasant. but Dl‘ob‘

govern the college and society is a highly valued freedom. ‘31:!"efzggmlx‘ii'eihgugctglﬁ‘s ﬁljfegﬁﬁnﬁg}3;,ggj”mg{
it is El Ji'eedom which should enhance rather than be ' H

. _ it sobriety arc alternate states of awareness, and
detriment to the reputation of the college. as Iiir as the pursuit of truth is concerned, eat-h

_ _ has certain advantages over the other i will
Hatfield gave voice to student problems. He generally‘uow procccd to list these advantages.

reﬂected the trend of student thought. He dill 2i good Job. People are capable of learning certain

I _ things better when they arc sober than when

Acting; Editor they are drunk. They tend to be more lucid,

Jim Hop-mg» rational, and order-L, and they are better

able to put l'acts togcihcr, excluding what is

irrelevant. In the sober state, then, we are

best suited to discern things like the put-

tcrus oi history, or the meaning of a poem.
ALCOHOL TENDS to destroy lucidity, rzr
tionality. and order But lhc diunk h 5 other
ways of lcarniug things. and as a r still he
learns dillcrcnt things, Whereas the sober man
is almost always harassed by’ the silly notion
,that people are: 1qu ng at him, the drunkard
enjoys the marvelous knowledge that it doesn't

matter even it they are.

Most important, the nkard very oltcn
realizes that people are all right, and he realizes

A recent article in the Chicago Dnil News,

independeni‘ s‘ludy

“There will be no classes or assignments din-inn~
the interim session but rather the opportunity to learn

independently through reading, lectures, and discus-
sions," said James H. Staiiss, dean 'of the college.

_ Are the students at Gi'iniiell taking advantage of this
anterim session? Is it going- to be classified as ll success or

Forum For Descent

Phillips

this with all intenSity no sober man can match.

When you're sober, you walk down the
hall wondering whether or not you ou'ght to say
hello to some guy walking the other way; when
you get right down to it, your basic emotion is
a petty kind ol tear. But when you're .drunk,
you clap him on the shoulder without thinking
at all, and yell friendly things at him. And
your basic emotion is love, brother; you‘ve torn
down all those ridiculous sober walls between
you and everybody else. Drunks aren't petty,
and they're not afraid either. And i ask you.
ain't this the right way to look at things? Ain't
lhrs a truth?

The statements We made about the spiritual
cliccts of liquor are generalizations. and i know
they don't hold for everybody. Some people get
mean when they drink, othels Just get sick;
it usually depends on how much and when, as
well as who.

But damn me if I don‘t speak foul
truths: the sober man learns certain things,
usually through rational process, and the
drunk lcarns other things by joyiul intui-
tion. And any scholar who never hung one
on isn't worth his oats, because there's more
than one Gate to the City.

As a matter of fact, i hate to say it but
drunkenness and sobriety are by no means the
only states in which knowledge can be truitlully
pursued. But for information about certain mar-
velous drugs and anesthetics which help to
reveal things otherwise uiiknowable, I think I'd
better refer you to two scholarly works. “The
Doors ot Perception" by Aldous Hu,

the chapter on mysticrsm in "The Va clips or
Religious Experience" by William James. 1 must
add that the only reason i lecl like writing
about all this is that i recently turned twenty
me, and Just last week ciuoyed my lust beer.
Downtown. of course.

 

a failure? These are the questions the Gi-iniiell ildl’nllllstl‘lk
lion will be asking. ‘

The program is thl' far not 21 total success. Hurling
llbl‘lll‘y and Cowles dining hall have suffered a sudden (ll’Ol)
in popularity. The 1|\’Bl"°‘€ number of students eating in
Cowles dropped at times during the past week by one
quarter. Bul'ling‘ looks like a ghost town ill comparison to
its exainrtime glory.

Millly students are leaving the college, and the ones
who his Stilying‘ don't zippe- l' to be enl'llptui'ed by indepen-
dent study. Students are doing what they want to do dili-
ing‘ this interim session. The exam period closed Juli. ,,
Since then at least a mlljoi'it of the students have been
studying' only the pleasures of inactivity.

Seniors iii-e studying fill‘ their comprehensive eVam-
iniltions. JillliOis zii'e pi'epill'liig‘ for their junior liberal arts
exams The sopllomoles and freshmen are attending the
presci bed lectures, but they are not responding €lltllllsl~
astically.

The students have no i'e soil to respond entllu
:illy. They just i \iSllCd ii (iii icult semester at ii (iii
school. In ii week and it lillll' another difficult semester
will begin.

Right
semesters.

tic-

ntlw, students are enjoying the break between

Hal", _’

ilitentious

iicndnll Sanderson
5&3 Exuhnnge Editor
Hours i'cr women at Caric—
Eton College, in Northlicid. Min-
'iesotii. have bcca lilie ilizcu
Thc ncw rulcs \\Ill allow scn.
ioi' women to come in every
night at moo. 'ind will give
iunloi ucmcu 1.;00 hours on
Fl ulay mghr as ncll as ihc pro
,vi . ly allowed lhrbc twchc
o’ locks per term.
hc Sturicm scnatc at Czll'lcs
to will hold a debate on tho
ddv unihi ol lcmmlllllg m lb;-
new prov ions of the Nzttioliill‘
srhol hip pl'ogl'alll umicr the
chl .c Education Act. The,
picsont position at [he sttideiil‘

l'l'om the‘
money can,
the loans“
llilldcl‘lligl

vi. this to withdraw
,progrnm it' enough
Hie l‘ounrt to match
without suliollsly

,prcsanl progress.

Cornell College has ah-l

Vlibe'rality rules Car/s

Bounced its plan, to snitch to
a new 4-4 [il'ogi'lim beginning
with the c1 ss oi 1967. The
student, under this new plan,
will car iour four—hour
courses rather than the five
three-hour courses he now car-
rics.

Giaduation requirements have
been c anscd trom 120 hours
to 30 con cs This now plan has
been designed to encourage m7
dependent study on the putt ol

the student.

cc.

Till: Cornell Invitational Des

ult Senate is lhai it would be ad- halo Tournament \\i\5 held rc-

ceillly on the Cornell College
campus. The topic "Resolved:
that l‘iOnACOlnlnuniSt naliolls
should establish an
community wds dcbalcd by
students l'iom Grluncll. Coe.
Luther. Simpson and other

economic

Iowa colleges.

A new coliinilliee incl at
‘Rlpoli College for the first time
.this month, The Educational
Committee oi the Board oi Tru-
.tces met to disctl<s the problem
‘oi the speaker ban on tho Ripmi
campus. ,

Earlier in the year’ihc college
refused the usc of its locililics
to Gus Hall. who had been in;
vited by a group of students, or
to any speaker advocating the
violent overthrow oi the gov-
crlimcnt.

Thc Ripoll paper had this to
say. ‘th5 Hall is no longer the
line drawn belueen two tac-
issuc Tha issue now is a thin
tions a one advocating that
which is practical and proper,
and the other advocating that
iwhich may be rctcrrcd lo is ex-
lii'enie liberalism."

 

Friday, February I, |963

_lnquiring Reporler_‘lDarby LeCI’ure
The In‘ierlm i Continued rroin page 1
l

Period?

By Bob Savage it
t ion,

Question: What is your )iln- iment,
pression ol the interim per—

,grants which have been pro
led to help lndian development
at the Village level. These grants

education, lo il govci-
and agriculture. Justice
Douglas stated that it was ho —
cd that all the remaining vil

iod?
, . _ ‘. lagcs in India could be reached
Jim Fleischikcr. seneor 7 It‘ in a few yam.

gives everybody an oppul‘lumty‘
to do work on their own with—l
out the usual pressure. Most of handed” Wing W PM“ 1.1“
the people I know are spendingl Snulhe 16 n Asmn countries
time reading and studying. .Was dccx ed by Douglas. He dc-
Cl‘ll'ed that it we had instead
Emily Home, senior —— I think- tried to build the strength oi
it's fine for seniors. It gives met these countries, the situation to-
time to organize all the dissonanti clay would have been mud]
elements in my mind. i more stable.

Jay Baldersou, senior Il "The ”mag“ 430"“ 10
think the interim period is anl have n Rudyard Kipling com-
excellent innovation because it: Plexi” complmned Dough“-
provides time to study for the} Justice Douglas concluded his
venerable 21 texts. l would sllg»‘ lecture by appealing tor greater
gest departmental faculty»stu-:individual clfort by Aniciicans
dent round table discussions tol as the best means at improving
break the ice for the compre-‘ these underdeveloped nations.
hcnsive examinations, He stressed that the American
lpolicy or pouring money in on
the top and never having it
reach the people who really
lnccd it only serves to advance
Russ Luepker, junio —l don’t the cause oi communism. I
don’t thinir the post 'nal period
is conducive to study.

Bob Glass, sophomore 7 The
interim session gives an excelr‘
lent opportunity for studying in‘e
a more relaxed atmosphere. It.
also presents an opportunity 1
reading works not assigned in
class.

Rosalie McCanner, sophomore
,— 1 am enjoying the lectures
because they are in my field of
interest, and I‘m also catching
up on some back reading.

John Dichl, junior — I think it
is an excellent idea. it provides
time tor relaxing study.

Herzog named
dil'or pro iem

Jim Hermg has been named
acting editor of the Scarlet and
Black. He will serve in the ab.
sence ot Tom Fulhner, 1963 ed-
itor, who is currently hospital-
izcd.

Fullmcr was named ’63 editor
‘in November

ymi Johnson, heshmah _ A1. Student Publications. The Board
though the period is perhaps also selected Hanoi; .as
too long, the idea is excellent managing editor
and tits well with the conceps. A ﬁnal decision as to Wh0
tion ot a liberal education by. Wm assume the editorship
providing time lor independent; MW win he mm when Fun.
study ﬁnalise-ding. As a fresh mer’s condition is iullyknown,
man. Im Just trying to do_5°rnel Board Chairman William Ne»
exlra reading and I‘m enyoying. vi“ (chemistry) said.

the relaxing tune. l

, This week’s issue oi the S&B
. A. J. Hand. iresliman — The was published by Herzog and
mteum session brings a nice 1963 business manager Conrad
college atmosphere without Daum and members at their
sweaty work. jstatrs.

Cathy ltziu, ireshman — The?
principle behind the readingi
and lecture period is excellent,‘
but it comes at the wrong time.‘
The drop oit in motivation at‘
the end of exams deprives thc‘ Calling the [mes of “hemp
reading period 0[ some of its‘tjonal law nthn only way

value to students. avoid (he holocaust of it nu-

SEASONAL
CLEARANCE

NOW ON SALE AT
POYNTER'S

 

DRESSES FOR
THE ORIGINAL
PRICE OF

 

 

arc aimcd Ell. improving sallltar

The American policy oi singch

SCARLET AND BLACK

1.5,;

 

Health Research Instiiuie of

ANATOL RAPOPORT,

Pa ge Threw

praiessor and senior l'eseai ‘Il nlzltllenizlii ian at the ileum!
ille Ultiversiiy 0f Michigan, is pictured abOVe lecturing~

Grinncll Sophomores and juniors in Roherls Theatre. His lectures, on the general topic

‘01' the "methods and problems of inqui y,

are one phase of Grinnell’s interim session.

 

SGA convent and is March 2

By Richard onlemeyer
5&1; Staff Writer

Student Gavel'nment Associa-
tion Plcsldent A1 Boston rec
minded the student. senate Weds

by the Board 0" ncsday night of a policy state-l

ment on the student rcssonsibil—l . _ -
5&E hy tWm whegc. rule‘s which, The tentative date ol the SGAI‘” ”meme '“ ”‘6 53“"3 he

*he had promised to have the
executive cabinet draw up.

l His decision was that the As-
sociated Women Students Board
and the Council ot House Pres
idents should each submit a
statement on the subject because
‘thesc governing bodies are closer
to the students than the execuA

‘tive cabinet,

The leadership or “Democ- ‘

i may in it Time of Crisis"Y a

Doug/as cites, world Ia w panacea la,

0.

‘Clear war," Justice William

[O‘Douglas traced the growth of‘

lthc concept ot world law in his
lilill‘d Roscnneld lecture, “The
:Rule of Law in World Allah-s,"
‘last Saturday in Herrick chapel.

‘ JUSTICE DOUGLAS stated
lthat the United Nations had
‘gaincol a tar greater prestige
‘lhan it could have been expect-
ed to acquire in the short pe—
‘l‘lod since its tor-mation.

2 Atomic energy will have to be
lcontrolled by an international
in ncy, Douglas claimed. The
‘ posal of atomic wastes will

lbecnme a great problem in lu—

SPECIAL
SALE

$ngﬂrl‘y

Beauty Preparations

$1.5» Pills

Cleansing Cream Tax
Skin Freshener $1.10 I’lns

Tux
S .10 Plus
Tux

Lotion

Skill Firming
Lotion

THARP
PHARMACY

 

 

. symposium being planned ior {soon by the ColHP. Accordirg
l next year, has been given to ‘to Coil-1P president Steve
. Dan Friedlander. Boston and ll—loivell, the study will invest
l Friedlander have outlined the lgatc such areas as: studor
l structure oi this program and g‘placcment in residence

will be asking various faculty trandom or planned; residcnc
members to participate. ,changcs each year vs. tour ye

, . . i ' '
convention is March 2. idlectioiiiz‘cz'dw}C ”WSW“ m ‘h? r .
Board members will be announc-‘dencesl ”‘e mm “Edam”, ”F

‘non-lunctional roles ot the hall:

led 0" Fem“? 13- Any"““oricntation; the dichotomy ti"

imshinn to amend the constirl . . . .
t . a . . ‘student and administrative rules;
ltutlon should contact either thciand the ”Spamming, 01 ”e

executive cabinet or the com.lComp

‘mitiee on Budgets, Nominations: .' . .

‘and Constitutions. so that a rel-i NBL‘Pml S‘Hdem ASSOM‘IW
committee chairman Jack Ch »

‘el‘endum ma be lcld lilore
l y ‘ “ linan discussed the question o

“amp“: e‘ed‘m‘s- ‘in loco parcntis which was can
A STUDY OF north campuslsidered at the tall regional e
-rcsidcncc halls is to be initiated:ference- Chapman also menﬁ .
ed a conference on the pOSSlh‘
;ity of a Domestic Peace Corps
which will be held at the Ame.»
iean University in Washingtoi,
Do, on the weekend oi Fr:—

Artielc 1] section A73 (pt 45)
was deleted from the women's
house rules. The deleted ar-
ticle required women to sign
in and sign olit upon enter-
ing and leaving the quadran-
gle between Loggia closing
hours and iinal hours
, The only other iegislati e
;cnangc was the addition of
lrocrcatlon dileclor to the soc
{planning board.

in re

l
years. l

l "Wlll the concrete containers)
that are now being dumped ini
the ocean last as long as the

they can-i

lradioactive material

lain?” asked Douglas

America will havc to give
‘l up national rights in order to
‘ allow international law to be—
‘COme cuectivc, according to
‘ Douglas.
1 Justice Douglas contended;
an at can-a path... or in . o sponsor
‘clay is the prevention or w -, ’
; artial disarmament is useless .
‘except that it leads to a pl‘uce-‘t uro can U" et’
.durc tor complete disarlndinent.l
‘Complctc disarmament controlledl The Iowamchhagha region (V
‘by an mlematmnal agenwvlSithc National Student Assoc
.necesszu'y. Even the destl'uctlonltion is sponsoring, during tie
‘ol atomic weapons is not enoughjsnn.mer of 1963, a charter i
ltor new that the knowledge oI‘Dlane (light from Chicago
their construction is known, they‘ London 9nd "Hie Weeks W
‘ ld uicl-l be rebuilt lor usemom Pa“: m Ch'cz'g0'
3°“. ‘1 ‘y . . Students attending collegrs
durms a conventional war- !alliliated with the lowth
, . . . 'bl'aska NSA are among the
l P‘e‘enim‘ M “a" ““1 Dung'leligihlc tor this charter llight.
3135, is a Job tor world law. Fulﬁ The mundg in mm is $237 50.
tiller, this law already has a start! Full information on the Eurc.
in the United Nations and in inc pearl flight may be obtained 1%]
colacting Gi-innells NSA co-oi -
inator, Jack Chapman

(cl’nalionzll treaties.

 

DANISH MAlD
BAKERY

HOME OF
QUALITY

 

 

Page Four

 

 

Presidenl Bowen advoca‘les
Spar’ranism in campus living

By Barbara Hunt
5&1: Staff Writer cline to the level ot' other in-
icolnes.

In a speech entitled "The Ell’,
\limlment in \Vlllch We Flan,"i Non-academic personnel. con-
Prcsldelit Howard B. Bowen stl’ucllon Costs, books. equip-
ouillned for the Association of merit, and the rising American
American Colleges various assstandard or living he mentionedi
pects ot longrrange planning and as other expenditure factors 5
expansion. stimulated by the Bowen encouraged that less em~1
Ford Foundation grant. He pllasls be placed on expcllsivel
spoke nature. the group Jan. 15 housing and other tacilities fori
in Atlantic City. [college students. ‘

i
i
may increases will gradually do.

i
i
i

President Bowen emphasizedi “Sometimes I think that our
the role played in the planning major opportunity ior econ—
process by social factors such“ Omy lies in the introduction
as the number oi students who: or more spartaoism into the
will desire college level educa-l, way at life of our students.
zion and the ability oi schoolsi This is so alien to modern
to meet their needs. “There is, thinking, however, that it is
little reason to assume tllziti prob lily iruitlcss even to
higher education has lost its ex-, mention it," he said.
pensive power," he said. New]
and growing institutions, he bevi
lieves, will be able to accom-
modate the increasing numbers
or students.

i
i

Concluding h i s statement,
Bowen warned against the dan-
‘gers in planning, such as prc-,l
il‘ecting present trends too tar,
linto the iuture, He also cautions:
ied against the tendency to f -i
low a plan "too slavishly with
the possibility of obtaining .a resulting loss of the imagin-,
needed iunds from increasing ‘ative flexibility needed to grasp
student fees, concluding that, iunror seen opportunities as they
regardless of the increased de- lappear.“

mar-id ior college education, it i
will be impossible to continue ‘
indeiinitely the raising of fees. G - II C H
mm o ege .
. o a ,
omin low-cost 5
- i
.
ments are another source,‘ "lance program
though they are affected by
national and international econ Grime], Conege has lmomc
mm” Changes- ‘assoeiated with United Student
_Ald (USA) Funds, Inc., a non~

profit organization established

inept, Bowen momma the :to enable students to obtain lo
cost loans to liuauce college c A

problem _nl faculty salaries. ,
“'In recent years average ia- pauses.
culty salaries throughout the I

country have been increas-

He reviewed the positive
and negative iactoi-s aiiecting

Creation of an endowed semi
ior honor scholar-ship at Gl‘inri
ncll College in memory at a Des;
Moiires couples son was an-i
nounced by Dr. Winston L,
King, chairman oi the faculty. i,

To be known as the Jamesj
Walter Roseuiield Fund, the‘
scholarship endowment is a mo~

Regarding sources of iinanc-iV
ing, he noted the possibility
that gitts to the college will
continue, though he recognized
that each institution has its own
ability to attract gifts. Endow~

Turning to the expenditure
Side of the planning environs

By Doug McCorniac

5&8 stair Writer

has tired every.
has kept soigc of
it tried,” said Dr.

 

, "Hinduism
“Cooperation with USA,thing and
‘Funds," Mei-r t c. Ludwig, viceigvepyihing

,______ president of Grinnell, said, “will Winglon L, King (phhlosophyercrl

Editor’s note: This article {Ulqrease sources of loans fof‘liglon) in demonstrating the
was taken from the, ChicagD iGrlnnell students by $37,500.” complexities of that religion at

Daily News, The basic function of USA lthe third of a series ot lectures

“I happen to believe in some- Funds is to guarantee relﬂY- i33,,03‘eby‘wfgg‘S,g,§,¥_g;;‘;fh 5303;:
what Spar-ran living [or stu- men! of loans 10 college stu- Ehh"ee of the Board or he“ _
dents, and I think it is a nxlstalie‘ dents Onerhalf ‘05 "‘8 funds imn the lecture was we, ”it
tor the colleges of this coun-i “009.553” m ““5. 35°F“ 3” ‘SLlIiday in the sclencge llecture
try to compete like Florida lion] {windeddbymparttlfrpatuig ‘30:; “.00,“ '
tels on the basis of luxur hous~ eges an e o ler one» a i .' ,
mg... President Howaﬁd R, by contributions or American ‘ D’- Km expltnntej‘lstlmhige
Bowen of Grinnell College has busmessfums I g

l ‘word “Hinduism”
‘ 1 ‘about the religion" itself, but
““1““ All of the operating expenses
«1 helm that relatively shay oi the loan program are inane—[Valley where it is the dominant
W “W”; becomes the scholar. ed by mph-mun?“ to usAtreligion. Most of the religions at
In many hmhmhons, ,he accept, Funds irom the williarn_Volhei-llndra are
ecl style of hie _ Which sets Fund at Burlingame, Calif, iduism. _ _ _
the tone and to which most stu- Under the USA Funds Pl‘O’latlilxidt“S‘§oullad its Eerglnnlnlgs
dents aspire — mclyiclc automas gram. students may obtain loansicwﬁf n . ”ESL ,6 “d“ ‘19
biles. liquor, {ratsrmhes or ligX- of up to $1,000 per year iroml ‘55 5‘ ,e‘a‘ ab". ’h has °V°i
nrmus dormitories expenswe their hometown banks at six per zine m oda 1“,“,ch sysmm’
wardrobes: night clubs. and ex- ccnt simple interest, with re-- “t ‘3‘” ‘ 9;“ 1”“? 195.31!
tended ski trips" payment extended up to lilreei::;;?e::r;5 a? ag‘aatb‘e‘gmn‘

. . . lute
years after graduation. Lrie rn- 5°. - .
If students can afford these surancc sufficient to cover the! Nearly everyone in India

outlaysY Bowen said, the should _ 4 . . takes the absolute for granted,
be.paying higher tuition, reducs,ﬁgﬂ‘lhgﬂdi‘iff °;,32‘,§2§,‘:f‘§,; said Dr. King. but it cannot
ing the bur-den oi fundraisingicharge to the swag"; ‘

that college trustees and admin- '
istl'at‘lons assume in Order to!

keep tuition low.

the

be described; in one sense, it is
a part ol anything you can
name, but it also is nothing
you can name. This absolute is
beyond all meanings, yet in all
meanings, and it is beginning
less, endless, ubiquitous, spnoo
less, pure and good; the term
ior this cont-opt is “Brahman.”
Although Brahman is underm—
lable, one or the goals oi the Hill—
dus is to define this absolute,

PATRONIZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS

ing at the rate oi live or six
percent a year. . We have
all been caught up in a kind ,
of race in which each iiisti- ,
tution is trying to more lasts l

i

l
l
l
l i
i i
i

er than its neighbors. . ."

 

Clal‘ilylng the point that he
did not resent the recent in.
creases iu salary, he expressed
the opinion that aitci- the ac—
commodation of the i)ost»tvul"

babies in colleges, faculty sal-

 

SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL

* Smith - Corona
* Oliveﬂi
* Hermes

LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* * * *

SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
Imprinted March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies

Mlmeograpliing
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY

"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE

"As “(I lehNtln minimum a...
rat/£1111: tip/rm radiant iron. rpm
they my ﬁml tiny Imam mar:
about V5"!!! Hum [try tia ah”!
ilui'v mini. Hui ulcer/m in science
or m a! law in.» civil/i0! ﬁll it:
imny or In: m/idilmn,‘ and m It! or
mount with uni trim", mill wt!-
tom M: (India/in» of [/1911 art-
aliiil'L radiant-m1 from m .tyml

tiixluru: 21, to: it. (wt-ii! lu'v.
Si“ 12,, 35_ lNAYlONALlEVIEW

hr Im soon
24-”. . . . " . :5 5L, NW

l‘, NJ.

1
i
i
i
l
l
l

i
Yuk

only i-eters to the Indus River,

included under Hill-‘

thci

ONLY A CHIMNEY remains to commemorate the e stence of the Blunt house.

King announces new scholars/lip

morial to the only child of Mr. signaterl {or the limit by mem—
nnd lvtrs Joseph F. Roscntieldi bers oi the college's adminis—
ol Des Moines. The youth died; trative stall and others.
in an automobile accident last With additional contributions
fall. and do per cent matching funds
The Grinncll inculty has iii-om the current Ford Founda-
iouiided the scholarship with ‘tlon matching fund program, the
contributions which thus ior lscholarship endowment is ex-
amount to more than $13,000, pccted to reach more than
including also several giits (lcv $20,000.

King'explains. Hindu religion

the many dcnnitions have led to tron, he reaches a state with no
some or the variances oi Hindu~ love or hate, no ideiitilication or
ism. ‘attacliment; in tact, the person
In the Hindu phllosopliyhhimsell becomes Brahman.
Brahman is an impersonal A11 hope im- Salvaiion is not
torce; this is the basic concept 1m, g; one dies heme he ha.
that has» been described. In comes one with Brahman; In:
their icltizlon. howevar. the Hindus believe in an eternal
.Hmdus define the absolute in chain of lives. The deeds or past
itcrms of a Concept 01 a divinity; ‘ lives will affect the life that one
‘the div-mty is more personallis born into in his futilie; and,
than a torce to the Hindu. audiif one acre in a proper way in
iso most common people think of his present liie, his next lite \Vlll
;thc absolute in terms of someii3e hem-pp h, Brahman Event.
:dlvilllty. lually, the person may reach
, Brahman is considered a iBraliman and live the rest of
, illls lives in that enlightened

i
I

, source or all that exists in
, time and space, said Dr. King istate.
‘. but it is not the only source. ‘ —
The other source is oiten call— \ - I
g.. m... a... is out... Shell Asstsls plan
oi an illusiion: to the unen- _

li litened, i is reality; but the II t
, 5.... gives co ege gran
Brahman, which aetuall is i g
1 mm, Thus, my“ stem: .0 i_ A $1,500 grant to Crinnell
i create a reality, but it creates I’m,“ the 511911 Companies FEW“-
, only an illusion. idation under_ the Foundation‘s
, Salvation is the quest oi the,“5hell AssistS’ pragram. has
illindu lite. It occurs only when been “noun“? This is ‘he
‘an individual secs Brahmaustxth year Grmmll has been
,tlirough maya, and his selt be- a pax‘ucmant
Vcomes united with Brahman; The grant provides $500 tor
;Tllo realization oi the absolute unrestricted use, $500 for gen—
;cannot be just a simple hnow- cral iaculty development, and
lag in the mind; a iccling must $500 tor the additional protes-
,be lclt “in every tibcr oi the sional development oi individual
ibocly." When one gains salvar faculty member

 

 

Friday. February I I963

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Five

 

Tear/ting in Greece, Tanganyika,

By Karen Adkiuson
5&3 Feature Editor

mated by the English word
pride. For example. the church

What does Moshi, Tanganyika,
have in common with Thessalo»
nika, Greece? For one thing,
both are participating in Grin~
nell‘s version of the Peace
Corps, the Travel-Service Scliol~
arship. Returning to share their
ﬁfth year abroad were Phyllis
Rogers, '61, and John Backus, loo.
\liiss nogers taught commer—
cial arithmetic and English lit.
erature in the K.N,C.U. College
ot Commerce in Moshi. The
school, run by a conce coopera—
tive, was a technical
school.
“The Pr

Julius N3 eiere, has

oi St, Elijah. an old B .antiue
structure in Thessalonika, was
starting to crumble lifter the
Turks conquered Greece,

“To preserve the building, the
Turks buttressed the walls
:When the Turks‘ were ousted.
the buttresses immediately were
.taken away because no Greek
‘church was going- to he held up
iby Turkish buttresses."

I Miss gors commented on the

l
l

icultilrnl shocks she had received him an insight into rural Greece:

i”!n one tribe I 'iisited thcrc

were

salesman and a wealthy bank I°b

credibly Wealthy, and no (listin '-I
lion between a middle-Cl:

president is made in the African
mind. It is Comparable to our
ConSideraIion OI zl billionaire
and a millionaire. Both are so
rich that in our minds they are
the Same,”

As a part ot his job Eacltus
aided in reconstructing villages
l'rl'IiCh had been (lestrovcd by
Communist guerrillas just after
World War it This work gave

“With these illiterate lillagers

_ , no children ot a certainiherc was no knowledge of the
h'mnlngiage. Some time ago there had inagninccnt tradition at Greece.

Ibcen a terrible famine and what Here were Greeks who were un-

idcnt oi Taiiganyika,tllttie road there was went ﬁrst‘aware of their heritage and the‘DaImg in the Uncle Sam's Club
repeatcdlto the warriors. then the other contribution or their nation to

over and over that his eountryimen, then the women, and ﬁnal-,western civilization—such a con»

is waging a war against three
enemies ignorance, poverty,
and disease," Miss Rogers

marked. "In education the em-icept of the economic problems a fantastic experience

‘ly the children.
, “I was also somewhat surpr

trast to the educated Greek who
is steeped in his ancient heir

re- Cd that the Africans had no con-Wage," Backus declared. “It was

just to

pha 's is, therefore, primarily onlof the average US. citizen. Evelincct and talk with these peo~
training professmnals and tech. eryone here is thought to be inrlplo."

nicians; the liberal

want.

“There are three levels or
education now onercd a pri
mary, middle, and secondary7
but each successive level
able to absorb only the very
top oi the preceding level.
Two»yenr teacher training is
available to those who are un-
able to continue, but there is
still a critical lack of even

arts

minimally qualiﬁed teachers.” -

She continued. "At the higher
levels iorergn teachers can be
used, and Tanganyika looks to
the technically superior us. to
provide some of these. At the
lower levels, native teachers are
beginning to all the gap.”
Backus, who taught. at Anna
tolia College, a combination junr
ior high, high school, and col»
lege, spent two years abroad
instead of the usual one year. I
“By the end of the time, the‘
cultural shocks which i had ﬁlst'
been so aware at were a part of
life there I learned," he said,i
“not to gesture with my palm
open toward my listeners since:
this is believed to cast an evil‘
spell. i heard a story or a tour-i
ist who was bargaining in the,
market place at a Greek towm
She held up her hand with her:
ringers extended to signify ﬁVE‘
drachmes, and immediately a‘
surly crowd formed. it took a
police escort to get her out._

“One facet of Greek life
which is especially difficult:
for an outsider to comprehend

is described by an untranslat- l

able Greek word, best approxir

must , 7

By John \Volf
5&1} Asst. News Editor

The question period with this
'tice Douglas in Roberts Theatre
‘Satul'tlzly aitcrnoon tollowiog his
tirst two lectures covered a
largc aica or topics,

Elaborating on his staiciiient‘p;,,.emmwcr

that there
lbutwcan Russians and Ameri—
icans than there is diiicrcnce,
lDouglzls said that he believes
lonly 3 per cent oi the Russian

people are communists Parents

is

gQilesiions iorDoiunlas coverﬂ iopi

ion Russian-American differences

ichildren into science rather thanlnight programs (779 pm.)

I

(S

politics Further, the Russians'
interest in music is simila
probably even stronger, than the
Americans ,

Continuing on the sonic topic,
Douglas stated that were it not
tor the v.2 incident, president
lloiild probably

inoie similarity ham gone to Russ“, and mm, painting and various othcrgroup

ed the lai cst welcome in that
country‘s history because he was
the symbol of victory over Gore
many.

When asked how tl‘ilS country

Brochures are now available

iTraveI grants. exchange plan

Grinne/I grads spend fifth year!

available for sludenl's, prois

ldents visiting the us.

from Stephen E. Wood, clean 01,

1mm, from the International Sttlrl

dent Travel Center program {or
student work and travel abroad
in 1863.

Among the innovations on'ered
for the summer ahead will be

in the past both students {ages
16735)) and teachers (no age
limit) have participated in such

ograms. which include paying
”labs, orientation, seminars and
‘tours.

opportunities outside air
Western Europe, travel gramme
and a two-way exchange pro-
‘gram whereby ISTC members
can obtain travcl expense re
ductions by providing woi or
room and board lor laroign stir

For the most part. job npcip

are in unskilled categories
i minimal language qtlaliﬁ~
cations. They cover such occupa—
tions as tanning, construction
and taclory work, child care and
rhotel-resort woik. Wages are
lbased on the standard rates in
Ithe various countries and may
‘rzlnge trom room and board in
‘a Spanish work camp to $190 a
lmonth in a Wcst German iac<
ltory.

ilnviie siudenl
to aid kids' club

I Students intercsted in 1);)“.le

ISTC members are at liberty
to make their own travel ar-
rangements or sign up for a
‘seminar program that includes
program during the second iouucost jet transportation and
semester are invited to indicatemm-

iGrinnelI obtains
scholarship gill

ing with this age group grel A grant of $750 to Grinnell
available for Monday through College by the Searsﬂoebnck
rThul'sday aiternoons, and m. roundation, through the iowa
quire two hours every cthep‘Callege Foundation, has been an—
.woek, nounccd by John R. McFarland,
l Grinnell Vicerpresident for de.
. The Tuesday and Wednesday‘t-clopmcnlz

ln-l
rolve fifth and sixth gradersi This grant is one which the
,and junior high students res ioundalion provides to private
spoctively, and also require two colleges Wmipamg in
,l‘o'”; Sears-Roebuck Foundation M
; More advanced activities l0r§cholarship Program for chit.
lhcsc smug: include cooking clrcn of Sears personnel.

‘metalworking, w o u d wot ing.

The afternoon program (3:307
5:00 pin.) consists of iormulat—
‘mg and implementing a pro-
igrain of activities and crafts ior
,children between the ages of 4
land 9. Opportunities ior wor

This grant qualiﬁes for an oer
‘ﬂCtIYlUCS- ‘Cent matching funds in Grin-

; Students imerested m signing ncll's current Ford Foundation

,up for any atternoon or evening‘llatching Fund program,
,group are asked to contact Earw

bara Benda (e. t. 260) or Randyl

. .i
‘“ Russ” tend I" “ham“ Lbfll‘cuultl make better use of the

money which it is not ing in
at the top," Douglas said that
~we must attach thc condition

Girls: you can ‘
,thai. the Collntl i'CCQIVili such‘
90 +0 Harvard gaid must make {storms g

Questioned about the weak—

The two»year Master in Busi- “05565 0! Nero's ideologtn Doug»
ness Administration program at‘las claimed that it stiﬂed (he
the Harvard Graduate Scllool.0|’l>051ti0n parties and brandde
M“ be directly open to womeniout from there to stifle such or-j
beginning in September 1963. sanitation as the press and re-l
Since was, the second year at liswn- l
the program has been open t0,- Douglas maintained that the,
qualified graduates of the HM‘-;invasioii of Goa by supposedly

,oi-ganist,
on a sabbatical tor a stay in that

Jenkins (ext. 270) or to make
use of several lunch line sign—
ups within the next few weeks

Smith on leave;
to study in France

Elbert M. Smith. associate
professor of French and college
will leave this month
with

Mediterranean Traveling

1USA drawings
display

i
‘areron

i DRAWINGS US.A., a group
iof outstanding works chosen
ltrom more than 1300 drawings
Iin biennial competition, is now
[on display in Schaetier Gallery.

The cxhi it, which Consists of

iorty-nine drawings, is circulat-
ring to art centers and univer-

Iyal‘d-RpfgcliffetF{°E|‘am in Bus'lpcaccful India eculd be cXplaill~‘his w e. Mr. Smith will spendlsities throughout the nation Lln<
,lness mlms Ia Ion- . red as an Indian attempt to Cilan',clb0ut three weeks visitingidcr the auspices of The Ameri.
Under the new policy, was nci its tear of Rccl China ll‘ito‘pojnts or historical interest in ice" Federation of Am It Wm

l men candidates may apply dis other aicas. isouyhcm name and spam Hm,

ctl tor dm's‘ t th I . the teatured here throuth Feb.
$11033 “5531;?“ 0 ° Justice Douglas was also askcdihc will inspect and play organs. 5

‘ , - 10.
Women interested in applymg how this countly could send daung ”om early Dem“ ,

, tpersons overseas Without. con- I

Itor admission may contact the: - , . . .»
, , , i . i . cl t P. l
dmimsum e Duecm of the nccting them to the government. The Smiths uill ti’w o nits,

‘M,B.A. Program, Harvard Grad— He replied ”m "““y “Hewlwmre they “”11 COMM” “mt Lyle E. PurseII

. had programs whereby students. . . . . i I
note School oi Business Ads mm schclmhips by Leachingtricnch study for se\elaliiioliiisl

.l\

imihistralion. Boston 63, Mass. I

in irndci-devclopcd counti-ie

~. Smith will study organ wiihi

On the topic oi missionaries,

 

Now Showing
"War Lover"

Steve McQueen
Robert Wagner

Sun. +hru Tues.
"Lonely Are

The Brave"

Kirk Douglas
and
"Two Tickels to Paris"

Wei—Self.

"If A Man
Answers"

Sandra Dee
Bobby Darin

‘Dollgltls stated that they meet‘
their greatest success uhen they
go abroad will the thought oi
rendering service and that theyi

GLASSES

Made and Repaired in iclaim that their ioligion ’« hct-‘

‘tcr than the ﬁlltht.‘ religion.

our Laborafory. I

Conl'clcl' Lenses 1 Mi. Robert liavcman \Hll
seive as college organist in the

CASES AND

be on leave second Semester. I

SOLUTIONS

lthe world renowned porlorincri

and teacher, Andre Marchzil. or—
ganist at St. Eustache

Continuing to travel about Eu~

3mm. al may, mm when ”my‘iope (luring the summer months;itingscmnti.

they will visit Scan av , Ger.

land, Holland, and Belgium.

tend the Salzbcrg chtilill.

The Smiths will return to

absence of Elbert Smith (niod-‘Grinnell in September [or the to science class
ern ioreign language) who lrill‘opcning of the 1963434 college tci'ested students individually at

year.

is visiting pro‘F

Dr. Lyle E. Pursell, as.-
iprofessor ol matheniati
lGi-innell College, will bc a “i'

‘ ‘at the English Ville
iloy Community Schools in Nolih

ciate
at:

lmany, Austria, Italy, S\‘.It/,cr-‘Enéfllsh on Wednesday, Feb. ti.

I As a participant in the p;o-

Mrs. Haveman is organist in‘IIC ‘“ Al‘sma ”‘CY “111 “t“gi-am, Purscil will perform c -

lpciiinents and demonstrations,
hold informal discussions. speak
and talk to in-

. the high school.

 

 

EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. Jensen. O.D.

Optometrist

Across from Post Office

 

 

DIXIE

OPEN 24 HOURS EXCEPT

SATURDAY E
CINNAMON ROLLS, S

VENING
UNDAY DINNERS.

SHORT ORDERS

 

 

Page Six

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. February I. 1963

 

Pioneer basketbaiiers win two, 90 for two more

:Ripon, Lawrence nexi' hurdles
in Pioneers' comeback effort

Lawrence, Coe

downedin DarbyE

The Grinnell basketball team
brought its record over the .500)
-mark with victories over Lawn
rence and Coe last Saturday and
-Tuesday in Darby gym.

”In Saturday's 92-67 rent, the
Vikings were [he ﬁrst to break
the scoring ice, but from that
'polnt the PiOHEGI‘s tool: complete
charge. Aiter the opening has-
ket, Grinnell connected for 20
straight points, holding the vi
itors scoreless for 6V2 minutes. .

The Pioneers increased their
lead slightly as the half drew
to a close, the score at the
midpoint being 50727. In this

period both squads took 40

Shuts at the basket, with the

Scarlets hitting on 50 per cent

oi theirs, against Lawrence’s

32 per cent

In the second half the Pioneers
ran up a Soapoint lead,
cleared the bench, coasting in
for the ﬁnal game total of 92
points. I

JIM MIFFLIN led the Grlnnell
point collectors with a total of
20 markers, while John Sundell
was second with 16. The ‘Pioneer
defense held the Vikings' high
scoring guard, Joel Ungrodt, to
only 13 points.

in Tuesday’s contest, Grinnell
held a Slim lead throughout the
early part of the ﬁrst halt, but
broke away after a ﬁVCApoint
play. Mitilin was fouled while
shooting, and a technical foul
was called against Coe's Jim
Beckman. Mimin connected on
each of. the three charity tosses.
and the Pioneers scored againl
after taking the ball from out all
-_bounds. ,

Hitting on 45 per cent of "
their held goal attempts (and i
44 per cent for the game)
Grinncll ran up a 12-point, 57-
43 leid. Miﬂlin’s 11 free
throws for the half kept the
Pioneers well ahead.

Grinnell increased its lead to‘
20 points in the second liali, but
a prcss by the Kohawks met
with some success. Coe came
within nine markers. then drop—
ped farther- behind the hot-
shooting Pioneers. When the bio-
hawks began their press, Grin-
riell slowed the tempo of the:
contest down, waiting for good
opportunities before shooting.
The ﬁnal score was 92-76. i

Mimin led Grinnell in seoringi
with 33. But it was Suiidell,
playing with tour Iouls most of
the second half, who saved the,
contest by pulling down the im—x
portant rebounds when the K0-
hawks’ threat was most severe.

Sophomore Skip Swan led Coe
With 18 points, while the leading
scorer tor the ’Kohawks. Wylan
Wittc, was held to three.

Freshmen cagers

Despite a ballhawking full
court press, the Grinnell fresh-
man basketball team couldn‘t,
iind the range and suffered a‘
66-63 loss at the hands of Coe

and ‘

GRINNELL'S TOP REE

Peter Kollmixn
5&3 Staff Writer

The Gl‘innell basketball squad

‘raccs two key tests in MCAC ac-

i
i

l

t:

on

this weekend. On Friday
he Pioneers will be in Ripon,
Wisconsin, to take on the Ripon
Redmen and on Saturday Grin-
iall will lace Lawrence at A1)-

Il the Gl‘il‘lnt‘ll team

ies this weekend, they will be
ii an excellent positron with 6
straight home games before the
season closer at Coe.

Ripon, which, along with Cor-
ncil, leads the conierencc with
a 7 record, is led by iunior
albcontcranee football quarter—
back Jack Ankerson. who, ac-

" cording to Coach Pfitsch, is “one

of the finest allaal‘ound baskct~
hall players I have seen in
MCAC action.” The other two

,‘mclnbei‘s 01 Ripon’s strong front
line are G'dl’y Meus. 6-6 junior teams.

OUNDER,

Prooirin Grinne” pudding

“Coach, I‘m sorry, but ever
since I"ve been out for basket-
ball. my grades have been fail-

.‘ing. I'm going to have to quit." ‘

How many coaches have
heard this “I'm sorry, coach"
speech? How many have vainly
tried to convince athletes that
intercollegiate athletic competi-

‘tion has little effect on grades?

A study which supports this
claim has been conducted by
E. G. Booth, in, professor oi
physical education at Simpson
College. From his research, he.
was able to conclude, “In this
particular study, participation
in athletics did not ahect aca»
demic achievement by lower-
ing grades"

The study. conducted at a
small (1,000) liberal arts college}
gives coaches and supporters all
intercollegiate athletics evidence
which can be fired at critics
Booth used as a control group
so students who did not particiv
pate in intercollegiate athletics,
lle compared the grades of this
group to those of lootball, basA

ketball, and track letter-men.
The 50 non—athletes showed a
tendency to make higher final

whipped by Coe
previous engagement.
The Kohawks actually won

the contest at the tree throw
line, hitting 20 out, oi 2i charity

l
i
i
l

tosses to 15 01 20 for the Pia—V

 

in Cedar Rapids last Friday.
, After trailing 35 to 26 at the.
half and do to 28 early in lhc‘
second half. the Pioneers went,
into a full court press With‘
A1 Peterson, Gordon Kinkcad,
and Ted Kisser applying pres-
sure, Jetl Frantz stole the ball
six times and with ll minulcs‘
to go Grinnell led 45.44, their
only lead 01 the game.

But the Pioneers couldn’t keep
the lid on the basket long
enough to stay in front. Coe kept
right on hitting and led tits-nu
at one point.

High scorer for the Contest
was Frailtz with 23 points, Kili-
kead had 21 and Peterson 10 lor.‘
the Pioneers while lormer Des,
Moines Roosevelt prop Jerry)
Kramer led Coe with 20 points,

it was the first loss of the)
season for the freshmen, They:
defeated Wartburg 65432 in their;

nears.

marks than mid-semester marks.-
Their grade average rose at the
lend of the ﬁrst semester fromi
80 to 81, and at the end of the:
second semester from 82 to 33,

Football lottermcn's grades
rose little during periods ot
non—competition. Their grade
average at the mid—semester
point during the ﬁrst semester
was slightly below so. These
grades coincided with the end
of the tootball season. Their
final grade average was a little
allove 30. During the second
semester football players‘
grades were, like nothixtllletes,
slightly higher, the average
being 81. ,

Track leticrmell’s grades went‘
up an average of one point dur-i
ing periods oi coinpctition. Bas—i
ketball letter-men also enjoyed a,
endpoint jump in grade average;
during the ﬁrst semester. These
rises, however, correspond toi
Iriscs in the non—athlete control:
igroup. During the second sen‘lese:
,ter, the first halt of which has,
:etball players participated in)
athletics, their grade average
was a constant 82, ,

This study was conducted at a.
icollege which docs not place
,grcat emphasis on winning. That‘
iathlctics has no ill elicets on
‘gradcs is the conclusion support-
ed throughout the study.

1 The tools can‘t be denied. The,
lgocd student can do well while‘
:particrpatlng in intcrcollegiatev
athletics. .

Sevelitysix lettermen at
Glimlell College had a grade-
. point average the first semess

 

PENNEY’S

ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY

Headquarters
for Canvas Oxfords

\Vumcn complete line of Canvas Oxiortls in

white AA or B, black. red and

Men's Canvas Oxfords

Plain Te

Washable Canvas Men's Oxford. Ideal >
Sizt: G to 12. Medium

.casual \vcn r.

widths.

or gym

blue. sizes 5 to 9.

$2.99 ‘

e White

for

$2 99

 

, Jioltn Sundell, and center and second to Anisorsoni
ianothet‘ Pioneer struggle for control of the ball during last in 560““5- and Willie Alexand-‘
Tuesday’s contest against Coe. Sluidell pulled down 16 rte-.913
bounds in the Pioneers' 92-76 victory.

6-3 sophomore forward.
Rounding out, their first five

*CoI/ege sports don 't Ilurt grades-

ter 01 the 19614952 of 2.72, it

i 0 plus average.

Of these 23 had better than

‘ I 3 point; 3 were elected to

Phi Beta Kappa; B were on
the Dean's list.

The tollowing is a list of
grade-points by squads:

Cross country, 3.10
Basketball, 2.9x
Baseball, 2.82
Track, 230
Swimming, 2.74
Golf, 2.72

Tennis, 2.69
Football, 2.07
Wrestling, 2.55
Soccer, 2.30

can rest .
lmain in contention with victor», bahncmg

lare senior guard Frank' Small

Jim Calloon,
in 1112

and soph guard
who scored 20 points
teainsl earlier meeting,

i
Plitscll noted that the Grim

, ncll team had greatly improv-
‘, etl since the teams’ first on:
counter, won by Eipon, 30-79,

i but that the home court adv
vantage and Ripon's rounding
into midrscason form would he
taetors in what
should be a hardrlought bate
i tlc. He also stated that due
1 to excellent play in the Pie
1 oneers' two previous games,
i no lineup changes were slated.

The Lawrence team that the
Pioneers play Saturday is the
same they dcicatad easily last
week but Pfitsch stated frankly
that he was “scared to death"
of the Vikings. “Since we play.
ed them just last week, the
game will still he ti-csh in the
minds or dye players oi both

“This will contribute to more
inspired play by Lawrence and
a tendency toward ovel‘confi»
dcnce on our part."

Piitsch also noted that Law-
lrcnce had not yet lost a home
;game during this season. The
iViltings, led by guard Joel Un—
igrodt, have a 4-5 record in con-
ference play.

MIDWEST CONFERENCE
LEADING SCORERS

FG FT '1‘? Avg.

21 201 22.3
18 154 22.0
35 177 19.7
41 175 19:4
56 174 19 3
40 172 19.1
35 169 18.8
24 148 18.5
27 181 18.1
41 143

157

155

166

126

145

lTomek (Cor)
‘Hendricks (B)
iUngrodt (L)
lVarnado tB)
Wilkison (M)
tAnkerson (R)
Cowan (R)

Write (Coe)
,Aamot (5.0.)
lMittlin (G)

iMotzko (Car)
‘Mevis (R)
lCurrent (Car) 70
iMoeller (Coe) 56
ilvtalchow (5.0.)55

‘il
55
65

 

Fr. Preble, Chaplain

St. Paul's Student Center
EPISCOI’AL

O SUNDAYS—7:30 a.m., 9 (Lmi and 4:30 p.m,
O “WEDNESDAYS—7:00 a.m., Eucharist
0 DAILY OFFICES ._ 7:30 mm. to 4:30 pm.

Continental Brenkiast alter all morning services

Fr. Gilliam, Vicar

 

 

 

 

PIPE
SM 0K ER '5
A C C 555 ORIES

Pipe Cleaners
Pipe Smoker's Companion Tobacco Pouch
Also large selection of pipes and tobacco

VARSITY

 

 

Friday. February ll I963 SCARLET AND BLACK Page Seven

'Matmen's foes: Scots, Siwasli

By Kenton Clymcr . shin chrauch will be wrest. Coach Tmy Moore said ennl

, , ling at 191 ll)s., and Jim i-intllm- this week that he is optirl

The 3‘1“”6“ "MW wresungicld will wi‘ 5116 at 167 ins.‘-nlsllc and thinks that (ha tcaml

401"“ .“r‘DPwS, ”5 COHEN?!“ The only other change will and has an excellent Cliai.ce to take

$0,?pfﬁ'i‘g‘ﬂsthgynffgrl‘ﬁl ‘31:: Larry Miller at 177 lbs. both meets. In previous canine.
- ,s . ~ 1 - t, - tition the Pioneer matinen dcr _ ,
lnanlh. rile following day the‘ beﬂithdlgilddiieyhit 2112? Rush {Gated Simpson College loll 58.1% 51:3:10136“?t

' ‘ ' ' S 0-2 I 01‘

gi'ap lcrs tan le with Knox all a . - , , _
1:30 ”pm g l John Gamma M 130 lbs" Al ,aitEei losing lo VVaitbuig 23 6.
l

_ . . , MMngm a. 137 ",5. Kenton l The li'cshman wrestlers, who At times during the basketball team’s three week law
Thcie Will be tno chanres m , . , _ » ,_ . , . . . -.
the Pioneer “nemp [his amok“! Clymer a. 1.1., “w Win v“ ‘lEixyol;:tiril)lrti: ihgixyeﬁiciln éilil'i‘tlifm and the wrestling squads six week competition void
and according to Coach Terryl Home at 157 lbs. and Morgan “on g“ febmmy 12 ngfi‘,stln“‘“y {59‘3‘55 We‘lfcx‘éde ﬁlm!“ the ”Emmi? “Ewen“
Mom-c, Michel nt heavyweight $me” manner in vi net i atl etic schedules weie drawn up.
' ‘ ' .However, when the problems that confront the Conference

lbasketball coaches in drawing up their schedules are re- V

O . (vealed, our feelings for them change from disgust to pity.

an ers WI att e w" "ox, was two game. ml man, it as. it... t...

lfree FridayASaturilay combinations to complete the 18

[game Conference schedule. In order to facilitate this, the

By 1 Eric Jacobson ten MCAC schools are paired by geographical location, so

5523 gm” Write, 'that each weekend two teams from one section will invade

A somewhat altered edition of the lrome courts of two of another area. Carleton and St.

‘thc Grime“ 5\\ijxnn}ing team Olaf, both in Northfield, Minn, comprise one such pair

1will meet Knox College in the while the others are Ripoii and Lawrence, Monmouth and
,Grinnell pool tomorrow at 130. Knox, Beloit and Coe, and Gi‘innell and Cornell.

1 Howard Schein and John Te , l . l ‘
t have been added to ”50 On any given ideal weekend, four teams Will be

> wager mum. of swimmers. on two-contest road trips, while the remaining duos
. 'Schcin has been swimming with play each other. Idea] is the proper word to use in the
the freshmen but became eligible situation because of the complications caused by the
for the varsity at the end of‘ varying vacation and exam schedules of the ten
the SEND-“10F- : schools, and the limited time in which the Conference
Teget, who was named the‘ schedule must he completed.

most improved Pioneer the iasc‘ _ 4 . . ,
, mo years, sat out the ﬁrst Se. The first limitations to arise are those imposed by
‘ ‘mester this year in order to con- NCAA rules, which state that no member school may play
centrale on academics. Both a basketball game before the weekend of December 1. Be
_. neirAclomers Eff freestylel‘s- u ing a member, the Midwest Conference must adhere to this
‘ ﬁring?! 1212‘ ”(if/Sill tviiiclud: restriction, and must send its champion to the NCAA tour-
. regulars Ji‘m Adelmm Jim nament held sometime at the beginning of Match. This
° ’ leaves a total of about 14 weekends during which the Con-

Cross, Palmer "it!“ and Ralph
may, ference schedule must be completed.

1 W’tl th 11.l r ii.I . . l . l
j Creixgliton 91112:?Ce‘agt'ov_.eg( th: The second, and far more intricate complication in<

_5 mime” have had an OPPOFW' volves the school calendars, which, it seems, pay no at-

,my for two weeks of serum; tention to sports. Four schools have what is known as a

iCondlthﬁing (or Knox and the three-three program in which there are three periods to

LEAPING HIGH ABOVE the Lawrence defender (Joel heavy schedule of meets which the nine-month school year, and during" each a student
Ungrodt).lPioneer leading scorer, Jim Miﬂ'liu. goes for tuiolff’now The tank“ have had generally takes three courses, hence the name. On' this
more Mifflin collected 20 markers in Saturday's 9267 “Yu'a'day' “’OH‘ONS ‘0“ much °r|scliedulc, exams come some time between December'l and
rout of the V‘ inn-s. ‘lhlS period lthe Christmas recess. The other six colleges have their

K . ~ _ t g c. . . .
n “’11 mew“ 1 you" iinnls sometime shortly alter the vacation.

 

 

.team, with seven sophomores on

 

 

‘ . .
la Squad 0f 12. i As hick would have it, each of the threeethree schools.
l

PIZZA DELIVERED ‘ Carleton, Lawrence, Coe and Monmouth, are in di'l‘ferent
MIDWEST CONFERENCE geographical pairs. Grinnell has thrown another 'monkey
BVBALL STANDINGS 3w ench into the works by having the interim period, and

HOT FROM THE OVEN w L Pct. advancing- the (late of ilnnls slightly.

2;? This means that almost every weekend between the

:55; beginning of December and the end of January Ls lost be-
.556 cause one school of a pair is either havingr finals or is on \'a<
.556 cation. Now in order to make things work out right, the
50" schedule has to be juggled to meet each scllo 's individual-
“144 ism. Then it is easy to pick out the hair ’ in; problems
‘4“ the couches must weather at their annual scheduling meet—

* Fans warmed to 300 degrees gyms“
* Delivery from 6 p.m. to 12 Midnight- 0,531,811

Call 236-6222 lCoe

Knox

AHRVANO'S- PIZZA 3:330“

Next to the Bowladrome Lawrence
St. Olai

Monmouth

 

ospbmmmmqq
$nuumhb$mw

Some MCAC coaches feel that the number of Con—
GRINNELL SPORTS fcrence games should be reduced to 14, and the re-
maining contests be against non-conference foesl Gnn-
February L1 iiell coach John I’l'itsch, however, agrees with the ina-
Basketball ‘ j ity of Midwest Conference pilots who want the ni-

Ripon (Ripon, Wis) Feb. 1 Conference schedule retained at all cost.

religmvzmme (Applemn’ Wls') Pfitscli feels that the Conference must remain closely
I ' knit 'ntei'collegiate athletics at Grinnell, as well as the

D A N E c R A FT i l “”95““‘3 other MCAC colleges, is to be meaningful. The equality
STERLING SILVER Momf‘m‘m “mm” Ffb' 1' of the Conference is one reason why many observeis con-
‘ Knox (home) Mb‘ “' ‘sidei' it an ideal setup. Pl‘itsch is strong,r in his belief that

Swimming _ it; is important to preserve this status, and not allow it
Km“ mm“) “b 3' to be destroyed only because of scheduling difficulties.

 

for the perfect- Valentine

IfE SKA TES
TRADED

SOLDWSHARPENE

HOLLOWGROUND with precision accur-
acy by the newest and finest Sharpening
machine available.

, p , .GEORGE.& ROLF, ,
1 h’ J I .lriwm....e as
osep s ew ery "assist: °f""533'2;.....l' ta

 

 

 

 

Page Eight

_, Hamilton: ‘

SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. February II [963

a women are extremely subdued"

Etl. note: TllL is the second
article by iit‘tli.,eai~ abroad
strident Ann llamilton. '52.

how that l have been in Thai
land loi- several months and
hate gained more than transient
or tourist status, 1 iind myselt
constantly peppered with ques
tions lrom my dark—eyed little
girls who would like me to of»
fer a tow candid judgments on
the comparison or the two hem—
ispheres l
INVARIABLY my eleventh
and twcltth grade students
come iorth with the simple oucs
tion, “Teacher, please tell us the .
dittcrcncc between girls in Thai-ll
land and those in the United;
State‘s," ,i;
If I were to give a straight.‘,
forward statement ot my ap-
praisal oi the situation, l'd
probably lose my job, so I try‘
to be a little coy in answering
these inquiries. 3
Even though I try to protect lhc C1355mm 01.
their young tender minds and sclml‘
protect my own moral repute-l ng CAN be accounted for‘
lion, 1 can’t hell) but being exi by the tact that children are
tremely aware of the wide gulf raised being taught to have ulti-
between the role assumed by male and ullqucslioning respect
the temale sex on our opposite for any cldcr. particularly a
sides of the world. ‘tcacher. At iii-st Ialinost thought
Although Thailand is not there must be some phenomenal,
noted lor putting outrageous genetic dill'erencc bctwecnthese,
limitation on her women 7 by girls and their western counter:
Asian standards _ i still tind parts, but rather it is just an
that the lite and actions of Thal‘extensive course in social pro—l
women are extremely subdued tocal begun shortly alter birth
by Western modes of nieastire—,— comparable to nothing that:
incnt. lEmily Post can ever come neat"
A woman in this country lto offering.
knows her place and makesl As a result, from ‘a very
no attempt to go beyond it. i, early age the girls are st -
'Legillly she has most oi the t ed on their subtle indoctrlm

the boarding

education or girls. Although it Therc are obvious signs llldl»
is now becoming socially res eating that women are gradually
octable tor girls to cnyoy the being permitted to make more
glits or higher education, there inroads into the rield of educa—

is still not. 1‘ great deal 0! ins
centlve [or them.

tion Huwevel', I think thzll. the

social conhnes on girls and wom—
en Will

continue to be strictly

I am made acutely aware of enforced.

this when I compare lacility ill
the use of English between the
Thai women teachers whom I
work with and the men macho
en's whom I know from othcr‘

Although almost every girl
in my classes can sing all oi
the latest Elvis Presley songs.
they know almost nothing
irom practical experience oi

the dating habits which he and ‘

schools. ‘
, his icllow-songstcrs elucidate,
THERE ARE very {ell/lead? Every once in a while one at
_ers here who will visit with me the mom forward students will
in English smce It I Considel‘ed venture torth With such a brave
quite brazen tor a girl to tlaunt quesmn 35, “Teacher, what is

~ her education _ it could well a diving golvov 50 I allcmpl ml

1056 her a mar age opportun‘llyv givc my meager explanations to
Also getting them to think girls who have never had so

about or talk about any intcl-,much as a pmale chat wm‘ a

lectuﬂl or political subject is

most. diil‘icult SIHCC they simply ’

‘havcn’t lmthel'cd 10 think about A;

such things.

There are delinite changes ;
Coming in this pattern at think-
ing since more students are be- ,
ing altered the opportunity for i
education, But it is only in the
last gcnci ton that students
especially girls, have been otter
ed the opportunity for foreign
study.

As a result. when they re» .
turn to Thailand witli new and
progressive ideas, many oi
{hem still iccl the burdens oi
having to break through the .
ranks oi ago and seniority in 1
order to share any oi the ideas i
which they have acquired. I"
There is an overwhelming tcii— l
deiiey to be contented with :

life just {IS it is and not. exert -

rights and privileges oi herl,
male counterpart, but in her

ation process which teaches
them lirst and ioremost to 1'27

an excessive amount of ener-

BAT'I‘LING FOR THE FUCK behind the Des Maine

boy.

I was salllewhtll taken aback
to casually inquire about a let-
ter that one of the teachers was
reading and thereupon to learn
that it was not her personal let—
ter, ‘but one which she was cens
soring bctore giving it to the
,students.

The explanation for this was

that, it might be a letter from
t a boy which would he emo-
tionally upsetting to the stu—
dent’s sellout work.

Essentially, these are some of
the observations as well as some
of the complications I've met in
making a smooth transreral
from thcefemzlle role in the su-
clal and academic world of (311
poll to Dara Academy
Chicngmai, Thailand.

in

Ann Hamilton, ’62

5

social lite she is not allowed i
such latitude, ,
Teaching in an all girls'l

school makes this point immed-

iately apparent. in this school‘resulis oi this rearing system
of 1000 students. I’ve yet to see can be noted in the attitudes

a discipline problem either in which are nourished concerning

member their position or stil-
tus and never attempt to
stretch its bounds 3

Some of the most prominent

\% ha FIND OUT WHY

 

WHY WE
SHARPEN MOST

gy where it is unnecessary.

Pfilsch says weighll
facilities available

John Ptitseh tphys ed.) hast
announced that Darby gymnas-l
‘11“)! will be open and weight
,iacilittes available troin 1'30 to?
5:30 pm. Sunday, beginning
Feb. 3 Piitseh also announced

' studded Des

{:0le is Gl'l'llnell‘s Dave Illtes and two of the Des Maines
All—Stzlr players. The All-stars successfully averted the scor-
ing- threat and cruised to a 13-1 victory over the Pioneers.

Hockey club to play Carlelon
and St. Olaic after l3-l defeat

Grinnell's young hockey club‘ A migration tor the weekend
took a 13.1 drubbing Sunday at is planned. lniormation concern—
thc hands of an apparently pro-ling travel and fees will be dis-
Moines All~Start tributed next week, according to

'team. Five of the Allrstal's \vel‘e‘Langham.

IN GRI

\ OF THE ICE SKATES

NNELL

HARRY'S SPORT SHOP

 

 

ESCORTED TOURS COST
TOO MUCH.

LOOK AT THIS!

Air-Sen Cruise to thc Amazon River at Caribbean
30 Days irom New York — 3795

Air»Seil Cruise to the Orient tic Hawaii
52 Days iron, Long Beach _ $1695

Western Europe and israel by air or ship
57 to 76 Days from New York —. $1499

Fiesta and Festival Tour oi Western Europe
59 to is Days irom New York — $1325

'Club Mcditermnee‘ Hol' _ v ltaly. Greece, or lsrael
Two Weeks iroin Pa s all inclusive
woo—92704399 plus transportation to Paris

The Spartan Tour oi Europe by bicycle, rail, tic steamer
45 days lrom London 3453 (add . r or shipl

Summer Session at Univei oi l '
SIX weeks by air, IS weeks by

Around the World & Europe by ship
68 Days train San Francisco e 31795

“In the taco ot ll‘llS great potential value that a trip can
assume. it seems almost tr pic that with so many studen it
remains merely a series at plcanant. super-tieial impressions,
on uncharted so ch tor ‘ddvetllure, a trustiatine attempt to
'I'alholll the ht or individual, and nations. rapid transit
through couiitric. lid cities. an unccasing tussle with railroad
schedules and hotel r . ations." Classrooms Aliinad.

'GRINNELL Av CENTER

930 Main Street Telephone 236-4384

7 Irom $635

 

 

t last year's now cletunct Des

,that all freshman and soplio- Moines Bruins.

fnioics who have not completCtl
-,tlieir physical cducation
loticnee are to meet Tuesday,
erb 5, in Darby at 10 pm,
;Regtstratiou tor second semester“
loti'erings will be held and con-l
‘iercnces pertaining to the com—‘
lpletion ot

ailablc.

Griunell player-coach Jeri
Langham scored the lone Pio-
neer goal l the ﬁrst. period.

59,

l
i
1 Pioneer goalie Earl Dunning
went the tull three periods, al—
lowing the 13 AILSt'dr scores
while making 37 saves.

The Pioneer club is now onel
and two with th Des Momes‘
club after an e- .season 4—3
loss and an 8-5 victory Jan. 20,

objectlvas will be:

The Grinncll ieemen travel to
'Northrield, Minn, next. weekend

tor a match with Carleton Sat—
urday and St, Oloi Sunday. The
,Pioneers will play both schools"
lreshman units, Both the north
el'rl colleges play lntercollcgiatcl

hockey.

Mnellu
Swtln
Simpson
iiectnmi
ill't sous, en a
U ('.Sm It
a lemma

 

‘Ildlltllue \‘(ille (-llllllcll

eported to be former members‘

l conomics granl
given to college

A grant of $2,500 to Grinnell
College from the General Elccs
trie Foundation t‘or use by the
lcollege‘s department of economs
ics has been announced,

This grant, foundation otl‘icials
said, was made to supplement
the funds available for use lll'
undergraduate instruction in the
t‘lclds of industrial accounting-
and tinance during the 1963434
academic year.

The second such grant to the
college. the initial one was an
unportaiit factor in the 65ml»
lishment of the college‘s statiss
tics laboratory.

 

LEEPER'S HAS THE BEST SELECTION
FOR SWEETHEARTS AND LOVED

‘A' CLASSECAL
at FOLK

LEEPER'S MUSIC

"We Wrap" and Ma

 

* MODERN

STOP IN AND LET US HELP
YOU PICK THE "RIGHT" GIFT

OF GIFTS
ONES

CO.

 

 

