”97427111611 College

Scarlet GBlack

Oldes’r College Newspaper West of tire Mississippi
erinnell. Iowa. Friday. April l2. I963

 

' Vol. L><>< No. 25

l Toynbee and l/oege/in to Spear/r
Rain The Philosophy of History'

“The Philosophy of Histol'y'”Frlday ill the chapel,
twill be the topic at all inter—
change thNCCl-l Dl’ Arnold
J Toynbco and Dr. Eric Vacs
gClil two at the world's must

 

tria, where he was a public of-
Vocaciiir. rctcrrcd to by some trend, by the Nazi government.
‘as “the German Toynbee," is a he spent his “exile" teaching at
protesso~ or political science at‘Harvar-d, Bennington, the Uni—
the Unrvci tics or Munich and versity of Alabama, and Louisi-

Elected Speaker of the Senate Wednesday night, Ed
Robbins (left) receives the gavel flioln last year’s Speaker,

prominent. historians. to be held

.Notre Dame, HC is the author

Terry Parssilrerrt

Robbins Elected Senate Speaker;

Chapman Appoin

By Richard orilenie 'el‘ .
s & B stair Writer 1
Following the election oi Ed
Robbins as Speaker of the Stu-
dent Senate for the coming ycal',.
Jack Chapman, Student Govclw
mcnt Association President. pr
scnted a report Chapman has
received an invitation from
President Bowen to attcnd a
meeting of the Faculty Council;
on Student Arra‘ ne Tucsel
day evenin Members or the‘
council ar Protessors Beale,
Cleaver. Gardner. Graham. Alan‘
Jones. Klausnel‘, Mcridoz Wack.r

Vr’ood. and President Bowen. l

Acting pon its own. ‘1‘? ExeCH-‘cumc to Grinneli. who had ieltr,
live Cabinet has appalnted anla communist count _, attcr bCll'tgi

Advistoiy Committee on Student
Affair Advisor Coinniittcel
members are Lairy Hoffrnarr,l
Mike Horwatt. Larry Smticker,‘
Nadia Ramzy. Ed Robbins, Jack
Spence. John Edgl'en.
.Martin, Joe Stifile. Peter Coh~
on and Jack Chapman,

In answer to the student rcfzi
erendum on the scholar in pol—l
icy resolution. letters have bccnl
received trorn president Bowen,
Mr. Ludwig. 'and Mr. Meritt.
chairman oi the Board of Ti'us-l
tees These letters indicate that
the resolution will be considcrct
at the Julie mccting of the trus
Ices. .

The SGA is looking for s'
students to represent Grinnell at;
the Associated College. or the
Midwest conference on “A Ware
less World." The conference will
be held at Rac e, Wis, ne t‘i
weekend. interested in c rso n 5
should contact Jack Chapman.
Chapman will have oil'ice hoursl
in the SGA cities from it a.lrr,l
to 12 noon Monday through r —‘
clay.
At the suggestion of Dave‘
Evans, the Senate agreed to cre-'
ale a ﬁve—member Committee to‘
investigate the Student court
system and report no later than
May a. ‘

Miss Donna Jo Brilcy, Aws
hoard president. gave her ﬁnal
report to the senate The new
AWS Board will take orticc
on Mend Miss B 'lay reviewed
a number of new ideas that had.
been. put into eﬂ'ect (lilting he
term and ' made some recom—
mendations, ller recommends
tions included the continua but
of open AWS meetings. coirtirrrr
ccl close association betncen the

ﬁgierendum Sogn i

for McCarran Act

Thc National Student Associa-(
tion Committce has announced
it will conduct a reiercndum on
the McCai-ran Act nExl week
The resolution used ror tlrcl
Senate will be used but will hcr
revised to he directed to tire‘
students. 1

Since the Comrnittec ice the
rclcrcndunr is the most impor-
tant action, a largo oic i
hoped for Students are rc-
qucsted to attcrrd the debates}
which will occur- in most halls‘
and read the materiaL irrclud
ing the Act. which has been
distributed

 

Marty -

‘Aprll 23 It will honor

is Study Group

AWS. the Women's Primary

Cour-t and the High Court, Conz‘

imitation of the random ystem
of room checks and more pubs
llclty at AWS activltles.

CorliP President Peter Cohen ‘
announced that his otrice hours ‘

will he trom
day through
Friday tronr

130 to 4.30 Moir-
Thursday and on
t to 2 and [ram

30 to 5 in the SGA oitice. Tllc'

net CofHP nicotine will be
Sunday

Parrl Courti‘cht, chairman or
the international Arraris Com-
mittee, repelled that chances at
ﬁnding a student ouatilicd to

partially cducatcd there were
not very great. but that 1er INA
stitute or International Educ
tion was still loelu Cour-trieht
mentionch some ideas he had
been tiimTr ig of These included
a soda rnacliinc in each hall. bats
to servicing or the soda m
chines, and a rcorgani lieu of
otir foreign student program
The SGA hanarrct \r‘tll be held
retiring
can of Women Evelyn Gaidn .
The appointment or Sr an
Taylor to the High Court rias
approved Dianne Dunn has» been
appointed as secretary of the
Executive Cabinet, Cal Collrcr
has hcen appointed as chairman
of the Committcﬂ to ilivcstlga’
the car rrllC, Steve Grooms will

head the Ellcampmcnt Commit
tee.

Eighii’ehtins
To Give Papers

D

'for Iowa Group

Six Grinncll College pr-orcsso s
and two students will pre nt
papers at the annual meeting oi
the loud Academy of Scierrcc
at iorva State University, Anics,
next r relay and Saturday.

The participants and their pa-
per titles are

Irving Y. Frshmau (biology),
Gustato v respo . s oi a tropi-
cal ti'ltgivototls ou ’ '

Ncil D, Kctrt (psyclroiogvl. ‘A
summer science training progiam
in experimental psychology
c. eptional secondary school stun
dents

Guillermo Marrow-a (bioloav).
"Origin and late or the rtii
processes of ce arrr goodcid. ’

Lyle E. Put-sell (mathematics)
“The thuiann integral considr
ercd a ti mapping in elementary
uppli a ioirs."

George M. Robertson (biology),
“Sonic problcms in vertebrate
phylogeny

\Vllllsll“ ti. Sandniairn (rll
ics). "A \‘ ocitv dependent lorcc
apparatus tor use in the under

driatc Itrlior-ator

Richard T. dam on, ti senior
Airtilvsr- of wars trioirori in a
coutrnuo and loaded sir-in "

M Patrrti Stalri. a junior
The ciiect or \ alllin A upon
r'cucnciation in Planar-to."

.‘ on

lo'l

,rccrs. initiates, and pledges at the.l

on the Grinnell College campus of "Order and History," at .
Monday. tvolunie work.
This public discussion, sched} Toynbee. the Heath visiting
‘lllet‘l tor 4 pm, in the colleges otessol’ of history at Grinnell,
cl: Chapel, will be mode i the author of the 12»volume
atcd by William S. Vandel'puoli”A Study of History.”

l Voegelin has written he holds
as little hope for the present
1‘secular phase of Western civil.
‘ilatlon as does Toynhcc Pic
l.agre s with Toynhcc titat Come
inur

‘Clrl‘ an heresy. but attempts
lilo dctine in greater detail nhat
lithe error is that has niadc otir
page a time or troubles.

. This will not be the first in-
ljterchangc between thc two in.
ltorrans, On at least two occ

isrons, they have discussed their

 

| - . ’ ope
‘ A natur izcd American
‘zcn since laid. Vocgclin,
‘nas born in Cologne, Germany.
received some or his education
.in the United States, but took
his doctor of political attairs
.ldegree tronr the University or
"Viollna in 1922.
‘ Alter being ousted rroin Aus—

i
l
t

Dr. Goctz Roth

former student of‘

Louisiana State

(speech),
Vocgcli
lUniic _

P 'or this seminar-t pet
meeting, each historian willl ‘
have (tethered a lecture. VDe-r.
"elin will speak on "The Con-’
1|th atiori or History“ at 8 pm '
lSurrday and Toyrrbee on “The‘tt‘
lindivisrbilrty and Unpredictabil—
lily of Human Aria , at 11
‘am, Monday Both icctur-cs will
also be in the chapel and open
to the public .

Opening the toll" weekend of. ‘
lecture and drscr sion on the
lphilosophy or histo~ will be
‘Dr. Goctz hoth, an lntcrnationa .
.Fcllow at Harvard, who spoke s... e“ _ . .
"The Concept of Cul- Dr. Arnold Toynbec
jtural Action in Altrcd Weber'si

iMdimx Dinirel: :ﬁ'IUdERl POii
Ell“ SSlgn

iV‘r/ill Feature _
l'posr' Edi+or diiizri

. students Selected tor the Pr
1 DonafldnMelislmﬁlzidfengiefs‘:igtarn in Practical Political Educ
(or o is t --

cation siirnme~ Political Intern-
lPost, will be guest speaker at ‘

, , strip Program were announced
lthe annual Theta Sigma Phi

. * this wee by C. Edwin Gilmour
is ma Delta Chi spring dirrnerl . m) FPFE dim“)!

in 'l Monc' at ' 0 11'“ l" ““3 lvn All a junior will in-
private dining room. The sub- \ [h Congressman Neal

ti
at

y.

to

men

in

in. tor- example. is Jtldaeo-i

philosoplrlci at meetings in Eul‘r‘

citi— .
n ho l

liEal

Jana State University,
1 Toynbec. who was born in
rLondon, studied at Winchester

.and at Balliol College, Oxford.‘

Dr. Eric Voegetin

From 1925 until September or
l1955, when he oiiicially retired,
he was director of studies at the
Royal institute of International
‘Attairs and research professor
of international history at the
,University or London.

Begun m 1927, his “A Study,
of History rrorv encompasses
-12 Volumes, The first three were
published in 1934 and the
twclfth in last, all by the Ox-
ford University Press.

Roth, 3 visttlng professor of
political science at Grinnell
during the second semester of
the 1961-62 academic year, will
rctu i next summer to the Uni«
vcrsity ol Heidelberg where he
is a lecturer in political science.

He began his studies in 20th-
lcentury history and poli cs
lrvhile a pr orrcr or war in
lEngland during World War it.

 

. ‘Foilowing the rvar he returned
‘to his native Germany, where

he received his PhD. degree in
‘19 9 from the University of
l‘Hel Clberg.

lniﬁiﬁiﬁm
is for Summer

Johnson, a sophomore. And Jack
.Spcncc, a junior, will intcrn
‘with special assignment to the
lSenatc Banking and Currency
. Committee.

Each student will he Consider~
‘ed a member of the Washington
stair oi the congressman or sen—
ator and will discharge what-
ever duties are assigned, The
internship will continue from
iiune 10 to August to, with a
ithird month optional on the part
‘or the strident and host. The in.
items will each receive a stipend
lot $700 from the PPPE.

 

;oiganr tions will be introducedl
tut tlrtl dinner. About seventy
students. faculty, adrnir strariou.
and pr-ot'e tonal Journal
lcxpeclott o attend the

. ct of his talk rvill be “The. . ,
Function of a M Circuimlon‘smlth, Democrat representing
Magazine.“ it will be followcd‘lhe Fifth District or iowa. Cone
lbr informal discusston tgrcssman Fred Schwcneel, Ree
. The two professional journal prihii n of the First District of
its-m socictrcs will present a\\"al 10an m” play has. ‘0 PM.
.iir rccoeiiitioi or rsiinguislred
~servicc to this campus and to .
'riournalisnr preceding the ad- Awar S Iven
ldress. Recipients ot these award _-
last year were c, Edwin Git. Tom Dulrcrtv or ricloit Cole
mour, political scicncc, Max‘ lrg’c and Grumells Geol'gc
Thompson. Grinnell {el'ald-Reg-‘i Wallace were. awarded .flrst
ister. and Joseph F Wall, his and second lmzc respcghvely
ltoi-y These awards are usually: In the short storrf_sectlon oi
.1,er “red e i. yam. in bum“ tlic center-cure writing contest
‘Ulit trading student and pr-ot‘es-r Sponsored by “re Grlurlell Re;
slouul journal; 5. view. Keri Sclrrii Review care
The sigma Delta Chi Spl‘lngi lor allllolnwtd tqdnr.
initiation at 5:00 p m. proceed ‘Dollelziy received the
the dinner. Newly elected at first lime for his short story
“A Prcscnt For Charlie."
The 525 second prize went to
George Wallace ror his short
‘ story. “The Noopcrian Wars."
(The poetry awards were not

, arc i
inner. (

$30 '

. .
for erian
i presented this year. According
[D the reading committee, the
poetry submitted did not meet.
the standards necessary for
the presentation iii a prize,
The poetry section prize
money will be held over and
presented next year,

Contest winners were select-
Izd by the Grillnell Review edi-
. torinl board and an open road—
iug committee composed of
students.

The winning stories will be
included in the new issue 0f
the Review which ‘Vili be pub-

lished April 30.

l
l
l

 

Page Two

 

Scarlet and Black

GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, Iowil

111112111111” nuslnhca 111111 112112 at 1112. when
1111211 Cummmcc on s 112111 11111111111111)». 11111.
chairman RenlL‘SB ed 1' 1111mm hem;

Rising Sonice. ' '5 1111117
5! 1211111 Street, 5210111!
at 3111121111,

lest! 1111c, is
11155 111721111
111. school 1 . .

. 1111111 1112111
1111:; miter
1.111 .1 2111.11.1-

 

Dangerous Proposals

“America can no longer allow the economic cmitralists

21:1d planners to attempt to ‘Wuide' l1e1 economy." So l'ead‘
' plank in the Midwest Federation of College Young ile-
ublicans Platloim "lilo platform, passed last 11eelieiirl at
Lie YR regional comention held in St. Louis. stressed the
ri‘inger of the overly strong central gorcl'nnient within
211d tlle subversive, communist elements without.

’e beliere that national subsidies [or classroom con7
s"uction,teacl1e1 saliiiii's. and sehola hips can only lead
t: Federal domination and control . TVA should be sold
‘1.) private cuipoi tio" . . , “ieili7care should ilot be used

3 a coi‘ile to o t'ol' li'ther intervention into tlle economic
affairs of innate corporations." This tom of the federal
overnmeiit, this desire to reverse the inevitable is 1111-
calistic. Big1 business, large labor organizations, world
political unr 't all have contributed to the now present
l'ecessit1' (it 21 I'Qg'llléllll‘“: loi'ce. lnr. dual states are too
s all to regulate international Col'opl) '
Wh c it is neccssarv L11 real e the impor ance of
- it is {ually important to teal e that 21
government
these lights.

The section (11' the Young Republican platform on tliel

economic state of the country called fol tlle“ni21i11teiiaiice

ot a strong and \i‘a:le econonlr, one \1hich 11i|l supply the

reminds of ilicr ised milit-n‘ spending} But then it de7

(laied, “Thoie can be little doubt that the 1)

meme taV laws should be completely rewritten . . . Rate

‘ 'isions should be brought about by substantial i'eiluc7
i Feclel ‘ spending.”

\\ orld conditions, the Young Republicans. l'ecog7
nize, call fol “incl'eas ed milita V spending, and althoug'h‘
these e\penditllres form the de01‘ 1301 tlon oi the Federal

iiudgmet the Yl'l 5 call for eductions in Federal spending.”
We question the logic behind such statements

All these arguments looli mild and liberal when one

tlrns to the t'oieign policy section The platform reads,
shall not admit Communist China to the Unitedl

”The U.S.

Tations.”
\ondeious United States

This plank assumes the 21ll-po11'el'l'uliiess oi" the
Filither, the platloim notes,

‘The U.S. should reexamine its position in the United N117,

“ iis; specifically whether or not we should remain in
1e organization 01 withdraw’ The e\act meaning of this
1. mill is ambiguous beCausc of the use of the \ioi"d ‘110517
11.” But it is cleal that the YRS ale quite willing to
lave the U. S. withdraw from the U. ', and bring an end
to a viable diplomatic channel.
In addition the Young Republicans call tel 21' imme7
flute and almost total bloc nile (11' Cuba. "he possible c0117

sequences 0‘ such all an die not discussed.

The Young Republican platiorn‘l seems to be 11 docu7
iiient founded on tear, fear of a central 9; rei'iiment antl‘
tear of communist enemies. The plopesals, however that
.taai has caused uoiild result in conditions immeasurably

(use than 1\|l11t e. ists today. To pulslle the propose1'l_'lor7
11 policy planlis would cause \i'ar, Pursuing the national
30110111)’ sugp stions would result in seiious damage to

‘Anlei'ica's economic position.
.I. P. H.

Solitary Drinking No Answer,
Say Two Women Students

To the mile ,
Next Wednesday night, in the at college functions and in the
senate, will be the final c0117 lunion Houcver state law for-7
. deration oi the change in the bids lliis. Allowing drinking on-
dr'rhing rulc. The rule, in ei‘ ly in the roums encourages
:tect, gives Grinnell College stu wrong kind 0! attitude toward
dents license to drink in their drinking besides creating an un7
rooms. The proponents ol' the healthy, inseiisible Situation
1 Ie change feel they are 1'eeog7 whcic drinking is mainly a re-
1 Zing 21 situation 111.11 existsi ‘leasc, .1 leuge,
)lcldlns to reality 1 Drinking alone as 11
11 a leality that paciﬁc irom p1 uic leads to 6.
drink in our society, 11111 people punkmg WC behave c. ,
do not withdraw to drink until drinking is ncl only siupid. but
they have reached the stage of psychologically and eventually
alcoholism. On the outSlde, in physmny dangerous we up.
the other world. people do not iicvc the ruIc change embodies
sit bcicrc 21 bottle in their room 2, wrong 12,1121 01 uppmaph lo
and decide whether or not they drinking. We believe lhc ideal
are going to think. They are apploach i: drinlui 2 allowed
111 e likely laced wilh this dc- anywhcle on campi
cision 211 21 pally. Gl'inncll 1:017 B111 we have a “re law 11
122% has :1 responsiblllly to its is [hell 1111 2111 or nothing situa-
Sludculs to let them begin 10 lion, and since ire cuminl 11211-2
make the hind of accisicns in all (Il'lhhmg anyuhel'e on cnni7
college that they 11-111 ham [0 pus. we 1111131 aceepl nothing,
make when “my 11's om of_(‘t)ln]llele cniurccmcnt nl 1111-
‘ pi'csciil rule
college.

This

release
esswe

Martha Melihe

responsibility would be ,Iliiit‘ Ewart

nece <21.in created to regulate 111111 protect

esent Federal ‘

l McCarran Enforcement H 't

realized if students could dilnk‘

a .

a solitary thing ‘

ssi1cl

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. April 12, 1963

David Lig‘nibourne

Forum For ﬁercest

at another one at those Lill'cctioiiaio certif-
ientes ii in 1110 “0mm 01' The Dean or iiicu 111
lmy 111.11 box the clhci 11211, and 11113 limo 11111
‘tupics h- luded oil umpus lesldenecs Tiles o:
,cnu e, -c places to stav 101- the c icw mdlcon
tents 1 10 \1‘ant bathtubs, iricnd 1111211211 and
lbiggcr1loscls nu: hccauc their Cause olter
colilivsecl and 11121rtlclll21m 1111c Dean can 12. 21
com. c applicant: one at a time ~ .11 nerd .
one arm cl spur-c is 1hc defense of .111 obvious
case, it's time ior some more pragmatic criticism
1 1' st of .111 let mc say 111111, being csscnually
,roung, strong. 11-c117adpislcd, bi' ht, 11111111111112,
tiesh eager 11liolesenie 21ml ind rent. not to
lmciition VVhitmanesquc i n,n quite tislicil wuh
my pr sent rc<idcncc in incl, 1 l.1nl1lv 11nd ll.
dil'ricuh 10 undcr and 11111 so many pcoplc nrc
nll\lou< lo get and) r‘ioin hcic 7 ci-eh lust .1
to“ blocks 2111/ 1' It 1111151 l1a1r soliiethinu to do
with lhe 1111.11

As [or as I 1:111 tell, though. ths main attach

a" st of! ("1111mm life centers Around its 115:4
111 oi the 112111 svstcm. 1\'uw, udnuucdiv.
'VOHC L'ml'lc to Gr'nicu bemusr 1112-, "e'

1 in 1111 the id c 11111 ~ and knc

1111.11 they \v , 1111 about. 1T1.1 why 1: -

1‘cm'o1‘erm 111111111 Nor 111
11111. the liete selirous (zl'oupiilf’

1111121111. 1 [lie 111111 2111111 11.1211-
ment to the Mill »
lenln 11> loin-11121,
1112 «.1111. u would a

ll campus ew‘r

1 rcpulc

virtue,

Thole are some. ‘
.surc< of conformity ll\ m1 is \upposcd to be
our citadel of 110117cmltiiilnit1‘ These student:
either crcnumllv succumb to 11121111011 01' 111.1117
age a shotgun reddiug with 11 which impllt'. 21
(‘t‘ll‘din constant ll‘li‘llon

_But given tl1e chance to concr chic cl here
,wnh ihcir 011/11 traditions, 1-ci1-2un 11mm loslilts

\\ lio sr‘lisI' 111'

can be seen There's one den oi oll7ca111pus
unquuy 111211 had 2111 average grade point oi about
3.5 1211- ii: eleven members last semester, in the
mcunlunc another s'lmiliil rcsidcmc managed 11.
start Fmreshlek County's only bluegrass band.
In 51111 21 11111-11 house, they're cieu learning how
to speak German All cl these urc examples of
t1'21dillons which wculd be diilluilt to engender
c :ewliere, even though the college is going
1111-1111211 21 transition in their dirccuon,

Nlnv, ii you can believe people in this place,
another concern 11110111 cli-cnmpus housing in
Valves the potential for ‘ exllal misconduct,"
Yet I personally don't see the problem. "Sexual
iiiisr,oii(lui:t” comes cilhcr l'rnm psychological
(Iprmigemeiit causing abnormal hehvior. or
sl 1piy ircm misinformation and the lack oi
pioDBr c111 'atinn. And while the iormcr re-
mains n 1 olilem throughout society, the latter
can readily vanish with 21 icw slim-l lectures
-in Robert: Thcnler.

Anyway, the admissions department is sup7
posed to scrccn pcoplc with 112 personality tests
and Grmncll students are supposed to come 110m
(111 1211111111: cducniinnul background): so, i suspect
that [he \t'lioll‘ thing is lust another abortive
excuse.

Onc ilium
lhi- ‘ssue

h dcsel'1cs mention on

1'; we iOr 60111111." to

— .1 i121 uiculenl‘nily.

1rd Smut 1 1‘ ton of our

ampus 1'00:

upped 11 th beller facil-
- mg more 1111111

-. )tliing less than

1101111

11111 «071
ci

' ,1110 lot,"- in objection
'11 mass exodus.

Clcarl . there shouldn‘t hc such considerable
rillllcllltv involved in getting all Campus. Either
11's ohwciu 111111 he looms are bigger, the quiet
hours quieter. and the n u- hours noisier-.m-
we. she Id 1111 1 u from Goethe 1111011 eYamililng
college poll remembering 111211 "Tie highcsl
to which man mav aspire IS uondcr.

 

Dan Friedlanoler

1 During the National snideni AssoLiation cdu-
leatlonal campaign questions have hccn raised
,coucerninc the implemeniciicn of u McCai'ran
Acl. By 1960 1119 Subversive Actlv s Contiol
‘Board (52112131, 1 semi- ludicial body created by
,lhe Act 11.111 processcd 24 complclcd or 1clu c
cases

However, the govcrnmcnl at that limc admitt-
cd 111211 "Due 10 the provisions oi lhc stance and
oi the allegations in the Attorney Gcnei'al's p04
litions, lhc (SACB'S) orders in these Coninili 1517
l'iont cases necessarily depend upon the clot
motion that the Communist fur-111, US
Communist action 0 iiimllon,‘ and thus 1110
lcuuon was delayed pending the Communist Parly
decision

1 in 19111 the Suprcmc Coult uphcld the i‘ge
‘tratloii provisions (not the Constitutionality of
,1he Acul, and aii’irnied the Boards Communist
Party registration order.

Sinrc 15161 the Adam Gruerul hns ini'reas7
111 eniurccmcni oi the 121w. rrcscnlly there are
15 alleged members and 111-1; officers under
orders lo register. They face 1hc 1111117. 11 line
01' 5111,0011 and live , r: in jail ioi- eve _
or 1101171'egistrat. 11. in 1111111111111, Ili'oscciit on of
“ii-11111" groups 111s been reopened.

On Jan. 10. 1963. the Attorney Gcncrnl insti—
tut ~11 ihc first direct action against .1 sludcnl
gro , He petitioned the SAGE to real or AD7
.VANCE. 21 student group as a "Cummunist-fi'ont"
‘organizalion as defined by 1hr- McCari'an Act.
The Attorney General 5 petition saicl' (a) Advance
111.15 onoosed the United Slums Japanese Sccuiity
Fm 1111 ' Demanding an cud to all nuclear
11csung by the Umicd State to) lollowcd the
,Ccmmumsi Pally in proto ihc United smics
lblockatle oi Cuba in Ocl. (d) “ , Willi
ll'csuccl .111 me eiiiorcemant oi lhc MzCni'ran Act
‘and Smilh Act." 1e.) opposmc 1112» Umvci 111 11-11117
,tai‘y Tl‘ainll'l}: and Selccnrc Servicc s|ntut s c0117-
sidei'cd by 1hc Phi-iv inimicui 1p its interests

MoCarnan Act

the 111111111: 1 ing the press
We have chscrrcd with 21 to
1.1m degree 01 incrcdulhy, many
lstlldcnts advocate iiic reconsld7
c 1011 211' mu McCarl‘nli Act,
lather llléln repeal Oi’ ‘taius quo‘
One (1111 cnh hold such 11 posi7‘
.uon, ue iccl. i. onc can eli11117
,ndlc the alleged abuses ot 111c
Act and 'tlll 11211-1» 1111 cliccurc
l2111' 1cm 11. ii cuc unnhlc 111 i | term 11111
‘chminulc these 1111115 wc sci) ricr 1111 Smith
110 alte11111ti1e bur 1p \nte to re- 3.lThe tilli
Peal the ML'Cnrian Ant
,weclc.
We iccl the McCarrnn Ari 1mg 1
illiderniili 1.1 The, 151 A- 111112 .c
1 inciuinicul guarantee oi
speech. prc. 1d seinbly 11.1
1111111111111; 111 nunuiuus. 12111117 l

alle 2.1
meiit
in1 imin ioii
organization
sabotage, 1r
etc in

punishment b1

“guilt by associa Ion illld pur-
1hc 5111 11111111117
guarantee against sch:

1 gistratinn .15 1 member or 2111
using
rhei_ ,
111111 inn,
5 [meet themsclv

‘ 11nd
nevi, lncnts guarantee oi u
‘und due process of law by deny—-
jury trial.
mimicn.
ircc ‘Aiiieiidnicnt's guarantee or pr,c-
lcclicu against cruel and unusual

advocating the withdrawal or American
Armed Forces i1 n1 Berlin and u giug , . . ne-
go 2112 on Be1iin This is 1 clas ic case 111 guilt
by parallelism and, although Advance describes
. 11 1s a socialist oricniaicd Student group, ccu7
stltutes the extremely dangerous precedent of
outlawi'y because oi belief.

Obviously, Advance has failed ihc McCar—
ran act's (lev1 ion test since it advocates posi~
lions not suliicicniiy diiicrinc from those 0f
the Communist 1m .in 1hc government's
view, However, the 11. 5. government ilseli
l’arui's 11 test 1m. and numerous groups oppose
the McCarran Act (including the Gi'imlcll
Scnuici. as well as the other issues apparently
considered traitoroiis.

(l)“,..

As in icrmcr prosecutions the government
claimed no illegal actions by are m‘oul cited.
Other ncuvc cases include a veterans 0 1.12111121—
tloii which [ought iascism in Spain, .1 . on): to
protect ihc foreign born 11-11111 illegal depoltation.
and one concerned wilh implonng U.S-So1'iet
relations 01 ginally cudcrsed by Frank in D
Roosevelt 111-, scrcral ccncressmen Like Admnce
these organizations 21d1'i1cate ideas oilcn dlS~
tasteful 1p manv Americans. The nucsiicn is
Whether 111c adrocacr cl legal ideas. hcwerer
unpopular, shall hc outlawed.

5112212211 groups have come [(1 inc defense of
Advance. A joint 31111111an by Campus Ameli-
calls for Democratic Action and Students for 1
Democratic- Sociciv said: “Despite our constant
opposition on political glounds (to Advance). wc
iccl 111.11 defense of their right 10 hold whatever
political ideals they choose is 1hc duty oi 91'6132
democrat "

Now is the time‘ to bring the (ol'L‘DS of public
Mon and support behind the groups being
brocctlted under the McCari‘ali Act. Now 1 the
time to Work for [he repeal of the McCarran
ct

Students Voice Objections

ally of $10 0110 11121 the ye m
1.111 icr c1cry day 01 non legu.
tration.

These

and lcgulizingl

and oihcr Violations m
the Aci. we feel. will lead .in the

’cui"1ilment oi our c luulicn—

espionage, 111 ii edoms, hence wc favor 1hc
terrorism, 1cpe21l 111' the hlr‘Cai'ran Act,

registrants We hope 2111 siudents 11-111 read
11, 1 20 yedi ilic actual p101 ions at 1112» Act

11m line 11117 lulnch -,1c 21112 12.11.1111; about and

211-1. loim ineir opinions intelli mly.

Peter Cohoii

Valli-c Ouperiimii

Larry iioiinnn

Stephen H. iiuwcli

iidwuni Robbins

Jack Chapman

Terry Parssiuen

Nike llorwalt

by demanding

14111
l‘au-

11111-11117:
trial,

and
«l )

111111 of
The 31112

imposing :1 11c11-‘

 

SCARLET AND BLACK Page Three

his l the

‘ iontllr FM would servo to cull the clillurhl
Illl intellectual CllVi lillnunt 0r” (irriiluell in till:
JAme nuiilllcx us (lo those.

Friday, April l2, I963

‘ @Gﬁﬁﬂ:

EV Brute I’m-[er
Stiltiun Manager KGRW

. In the ii i article oi this series 1 out lorth
the idea that l i at Giirruell must be rustil‘rcd
on the basis or its contribution to college lilo,
intellectual. cultural arid so ial. Further-irror-e. this
contribution must be assessed on a relative basis,
whether FM j - l'r , rrs cost us well as do other
projects new in volume or contemplated,

it is remembered that,
many lcetrrr rciuns i't be presented,
to a Grinncll our live" whereas they r
available an l’CCnit: and tune, it lmLomCS ClCle’l
that wrtlr rirdro we bare a medium capable all
dome r rat rrow cannot be done lit-re at any to ‘t.
in addition. rcbroudeasts or “live" e cnts at more
conrciricnt \lmCs increases the value ol tb.
events (As an example oi this I; L point, ihc
only way i rr-rs able to hear Justice Doriglasl
- eond lc ture “as me' WSUI and then only 112-,
cause i r as in the lowa city area)

Furlherlllm’c when

ule run in the last

' lc sunnle FM scllcd
ll 1‘ I ' erul in light of the

Scarlet and Black is cm
live thousand dollars in lal cost oi i FM

st-rtion and the two thousand doll initial cost
- lnuhl operating budget, it would be hard to

y FM would not j sttiy its cost. Let's look
lost at programming.

Littully and administration at Ehrl—
lram, Amherst. cirrlctorr, Monmouth, Oberlin,
Swarthmor-c, Antioch. Cornell College to
name only a icw # obviously leer campus radio ,
is worth its keep. Both the examination 01‘ p057
sihle FM programming we’ve made here and the
commonsense notion that Giinlmll's situation
is not iar diiicrent than the colleges just noted, ,
lead to the conclusion FM would be a highly

valuable iulditilm to Gl’illllcll.

The whole argument ior FM made on thc
basis oi the educational value oi its program
thing; is predicated on the assumption oi oper .
tron would achieve its potential Tins means that,
ii Grinnell FM is to actually render the ,sery'icc‘
it is capable oi rendering, the station must be
llcll run. and cticctry and ciiicicntly utilize
student talent These are obviously considerations
oi stalling, administration and management And
any examination of csisting college radio stile
Lions shows that these are the key considerations,
1 \ ll take up the problems oi stalling and man-

agcmcnt next week.

Students.

An FM statlon could draw upon the resources
of several ol'gzlnltatiuns producing Excellent taped
programs. Some of these: the British Broadcast—
ing Corporation, the National Association of Ed—
ucational Broadcastc the Center of the Study
of Democratic instltl us, and the National Stu-

dent Association.

When one adds to these programs such tear
turcs as good music. lectures and discussions
originating at Grinncll. program exchangcs with
other schools, broadcasts of Grinnell spor clients,

and campus and world ncws, one has a rich and
varied bill of lore. Yet there are strll iurther
rises oi FM. For instanc , FM would provide an
instantaneous method ot all campus cormnunica-
tion without the necessity or gathering everyone
under one root.

in short, the oitcrings oi a College FM sta—
tion would be “educatiu ii" in the same way
the concert series, lectures. eoiice hours with
guctrl speakers, art exhibits and so on are edu—

FUShACﬁOnbY Toyﬁbee Sees Fading 0f Waco Feeling”

\'\Fitlngll\lllhﬂﬂ beings of different pl that ‘they are doing this hy'lem of more 0 less automate

r
perhaps this, the Easier seaelﬂcath proicssor, Tucsday night‘ical races are intermingled soopeacctul and lawful ior-ms oi ac. economic disc mination in lie
so“, is a WWW“: moment (°,expressed a belief that “soctal‘gl'aphicdlly, the historian made tron This is probably due to thclNorth when you hare solrcd ll'e

' Three lucnlbcls of the \Vhitcciuls rehe‘dr e in prep m-
‘tion for their \later ballet to be presented lit the Col]
P001 at 7:30 and 9:00 thin. Friday ilnd Saturday nights.

il‘ltlidii Magazine Publishes Aillilé
(Io-authored by James D. Kissane

An article co-authored by a member of the iaculty oi We
James D Kissanc (English) it s Washington Univel ty is: Lo.
published in the March issue ot' is) School or Medicine.
“Ninelcellih-Ccntu Fiction," Earlier. Kissane. who is

The article, “Sherlock llolrncs lcarc irom the college this
and the Ritual oi Re on," was‘mester. had air t tide on *
w lien in collaboration with toriarr Mythology published
K.sanc’5 brother. John, who rs‘thc "Victorian Studros' iourn l

c

T“ ”‘9 “in": r Arnold J Toynbee,

, . r , . . .
review what we cohsider to belintegratlon will be perrcciully these speciﬁc comments oboutrsprcad oi higher education deliberate sc al discrimination

the most ,rhar issue fumgtachieyed“ and that ”social inter
youth today _ the mohrem of gration will be carried to its
ohm-mmg mam In our. SOCyctyhratural conclusion rnlermar»
this problem aiiccls every stu—‘I‘Iage evermvllcre m the
dent regardless of political be- end."

liels. it ciiectrye action on this Addressing a Gririncll College
issue is possible, we feel that audience on “The Problem oi
people would have a desire to Race Feeling," he added. “After

the United States, ,amurlg them. They ale produc—
"It appears to me that whileling lai-gcr numbers oi men and:
,tho whrtc does not leel anylwomen who are qualiﬁed to
physical antipathy to the Negro, Sel‘ve as leadcrs.”
‘hc docs want to keep the Negro: Toynbcc also expressed a cun-
‘in a position oi social inferiorlt ~ lccrn that the Negro mmolilv oi
llf the Negro succeeds in becom—lthe population ot the United
ing the whites social and cultuluIStates might get into an eco—
al equal, i believe the so-callcdlnomic blind alley irorn which it

in the Old Soulh.

"So perhaps this country 's
not yet out of the wood. though
1 do expect you will succeed ,r
solvmg the race problem in tl s
end.”

The historian also painted at
that there exists an ”undiﬁ'en
entratcd child—culture. commc
to human ehiidrcn or all iacc

act Hence, the question is, can all, all the SOvCallcd dil‘lcrent

et'l'cctive action be taken. physical races are interlcitile "l‘aceslecllng' will disappear might be dlﬂlcull la get out.

While no one group can ha We are really a single race iroin “In this country the Negrocsl "The ririei center-s oi Ncgro‘so that all cllll i'_en rccosn
AS the sole “Drawn.“ ophwtlic biological point or ricw We‘arc a nail minority which islpopulatron ~e coming to be theleacll olllsl' as belng lncmbe
hm onthe peh'ce issue, we [celihavc labeled this race thomojscattering more and more widely slums oi Washington. D,C., and-0l one human family.
that me Grime“ smdempeaccsaprens.‘ Wc are ccrtarnh throughout the country, Ths is the great Northern cities," hcl “All children are born to

. ., -_“|'lomo,’ brrt we shall not harc,cn1argrn_u the area of the pr said, "There is a danger that irrg this truth until th_i' .
Group can serte as an rnstrrr , _ , , v l

, . hr, , . carried our scli—conicrred titlcllem, but it is making the [nor the Regions may sit up there educated out or it." he said,
i cnt ior lllcalil,l,,llll and eiiec . . ,. , l. .
rm huh,“ By emprmmmg the ‘saplens' Imlll we have learned lem everywhere lcss drilieult to and may be connned there to is trinc that the adults rc-educ
-m . . A no lto behave like the single human solve. the loo ' tllilaCthc and least re- themselves to know what evci'
r parlance oi attsrhi e peace , . . _. ,1 ,

- 1- o - - a r .- h .liamil winch rs what we are in "The Negro citizens oi tirrs muner‘dtlle robs. This would child knows by nature—that ’
whrlc ecognrzrng and corio t , y _ p t
- u r , r rtruth“ country are becoming more ab 5 ip them as socially inlexlmnhuman bcings, by tire of
mg the osstaelcs to this goa, , _ _ , r . ,

,. p . , 1h 1 , Su c ng the situation todnv‘ 'thc in asscr-ting their human “I thetciorc iancv that you bcln" human, arc roi'on- n,
th. eace Group cc )e a ye , _ _ s
hide [0,. mahhg continuing in_rinll‘lose parts oi rhc world whcrerrights. and it is encorrr-agrng.may have to cope with a pl’obsilmrs of a single iamrly."

fob? Silage Up or Ship ﬁll?

students.
Since we are not isolated ins
di ‘duals but members of so~
cictv, such discussion and edu—
cation should lead to the ior-
mulation oi intelligent opinions
and “m" Implcmenla‘m“ “l “‘9 also a number oi requests ior lest jobs should go to the best
its -c two-month tour at Eu- girls to \l 11: asp ratcrrraids 'qltaliilcd students who apply
ropc. Frank x Gordon, , Di., with Engli I-speilking Eur - jllic carhcst as most all of the
rector oi the inter-rational Sittrl pcan . ies vacationing in liobs listed by the ISTC
dent Tr i'el Center. told stai' St. "i-opcz, Juan lcs Pins 1 lhdvc to be tilled by May 15 to
membe that he had completed Arrtihcs on the French Rn . rmeet the planning dcadlincs sct
‘final details on hundreds oi or )y European employcrs
for AprilsMay

democratic process.
ljobs ior the lSTc orlot-zrcl . . ,
l “ “ The best paying Jobs th Gordon also added that the
The

,program in Europe tins sum . , .
met The Wk a, me ,obs are summer, Gordon pointed ollt,rISTC is now- placing students

' will be in restaurants and lac. on a yedlsl'ound basis and has Force by Emmet Juhn Hilglte~,.

currently editorial adyiser (3

those we outlined in our le- , . , _
chum and mm, fauom hotel, toiics Boys and girls who wait alrcauy obtained robs for to
“mud I“ mm ”‘3" the Washington Post and X
\veck.

l'iistzluranL/yeson and construb on table: can Vexpcct to ual‘nlslzlilcnts
rtlon walk.” he sold, "but in admin we and tips close to sztltllthc summer months (i months

,dlllonr I am pleased to report a month Factory pay in sereral‘to a year) irrlormation may be

jécp’filgj to“, :“T‘lhlil’ “1‘ {“12‘; countries will also run to aboutlobtained by writing to ISTC,
’ ° "’°“‘ ‘ me" $200 a month. Mr. Gordon emsl39 Cortlandt Street, New York
N. Y.

lr.

:Eisenl'tower Hislory
‘Selecied by PPPE

A
and
years, r. itten by a torrrrcr ai

revealing political incinoi
‘ Upon ms Mum hum 8,, ex. anal. is or ihc Ersenhc. ti
‘specch writer. and adriser l:
lrrcsiclcirt Eisenhower, 1 beer

would,
,selected by the Floor n .r
Education

Fi’dttlcal Political
its Political Book (-ihoMonl'l

Dan Frielllander
Robert Melcnll

Mchridtl Ital
Vole Announced
for Next Week

A special program to assist
foreign students to ﬁnd sunrmcr Gordon said he h - ’ ‘
.: ad leqllesls )hastzcd that the srccial lnlClrrlr
employment has been launched irom prominent European laurl1 l
by the institute oi Intel’nationultillcs ior male students to actl ,
Erlugallml. Albert G. Sims; EX’laS chauileurs in France and1 o o
eculll‘e l'lcc president 01 NE, al‘rlcl’ow on yachts in Dcnruarlhlg {0” w f H r V
i-iounccd. The Institute has Cslabr'rswedcn aml Norway Oncluckyl l1 es or IS 0 y 9 um "
lrshed a Cooperative Service on, lrauiierrr,” hc noted, wouldl
[sampler Employment and Prue-drive a Ferrari in Paris There Samuel H. Baron’thrstory) is m 1950 alter a 367
dies“ 31;")??? In" iii-he’s" Swan-ire also a minle of seafaring one or 20 authorities on Russian year teach g curccr- at the Unis
a “m“‘ma ”9 ““‘Lrovwm-‘P “I long“ durum“ ““studies who bore .ioined to‘horr ycrsitv (lining which he estabe
lislrcd Columbia‘s noted Russian
institute.
The book. cnmm E, A.“ in‘illuminuted by this ml-ille-scc
Russian and Sorrel History, will “”9”“
be published by the Culltmbizl‘ C nos cl this rolume,

to encourage, it -t and Coordi-jtllc [all and winter ior stewards,
"ﬁle the C’lorls of comtllunilyltlcek and engine room hands nir‘m' ”i [‘“m” (“Helm and “my
ly,
University Press. ltwo-wcek circulation plililegc—n
Tire contributors l'llrlulsrrzlre a rilablc at Bulling Libra .

organizationstoiind summer jobs iorcrgn lrcrghtcrs and pirsscnccritor at Columbia Univ
r
graduale and postdoctoral stir-land in the Caucus Room or Ca .

ior tore students, strips.
dent oi Pioicssor Robinson. lncgic Hall.

buck is "The Ordeal LI

In unusually readable pro ,
Hughes draws a norm and De?
sonal, but discerning and often
scl'itlcal, portrait oi Eisenhower
the man and as President. vii
portraits are also git ~ oi oth
men in the Eisenhower ~ia iclrr
Foster Dulles, Richard Nixcll,
Sherman Adams. Joseph McCal-
thy. and George idrrrnplrrc . T
crises oi the Eisenhower act-m e
itration. including Liille R’ocl.,
Succ, and the U-2 aiiair.

 

sun retired

a

The scliul‘drsJim'c contributed
essays On lillssllln histoly lol‘ 2|
yolumc dedicated to Geroid T.
Robinson. Sclh Low Proic-sor
Emeritus oi History at Ctllllniv
biu A leadinc student on the
lSorret Union, Proicssor Robin-

Thc Department or State's Bu-‘
For girls. he said, probably

ulc

rcarr or Educational and Cultural
at All‘airs has made a grant oil the most glamorous work will
Ellie‘sﬂoo t'o Ilwlv‘d'c' allmloyminll be some modeling jobs iii r. ,
. p-ocrca lalnln/ 0 or u—, -. . . . -

nitles ior ior-crgn silirlenil: tlnsl ‘5 “"1 .“n'm‘s (“0.5 1271‘.”
summer. Funds will be disbursed “”1 “km-4' ”“9 °‘ “Wire“ ”‘
through the Cooperative Sci-vice “culllly lumillcs— There are

 

Page Four

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. April I2. I963

 

Nollen Lecturer Will Speak
on Mississippi Silualion

The Nollen lecturer for 1963,
Dr. Donovan E. Smucker, will
present the topic, “Mississippi
Through the Eyes of Tlllich” on
April 2'! lit 8 J),m. iii Herrick

chapeL

theologian Paul Tillich‘s tools
ol‘ analysis.

The animal Nollen lectures
ship is made possible by a get»
erous gift at the John s, Nollen

family of Gi’inllell, The deceas—

ed Mr. Nollen served as prcsi—
dent oi the college troni 1031-
1940 The Friars have been on.
tiusted to make the
selection

Dr. Smuckcl',
professor of religion at Lake‘
Forest College ,will invcsllgale
the Mtssi tppl situation using

Chaplaln and

what, whentt Where

730 p.m. and 9:00 p.m, Annual White Caps Show, College
Poul. Advance reservations required.

Tomorrow
7:30 pm and 0:00 pm, White Caps Show. College Pool. (Res-
ei-vationsl
0-00 pm, to ti pm.. Bridge and Table Games, (Stag only)
Main Lounge.
10:00 p.m Esperanto 1, Student Union.

Sunday ’
11'30 am. Easter Sunday Service. Dr, Winston L, King, Dean
of the Chapel. “They were Afraid," Herrick Chapel.

2.00 to 5:00 pm, North Campus Open Rooms.

2:30 to 4:30 p.m,, Coed Swimming, College Pool.

7:00 p.‘m, Experimental Film, A.R,H, Auditorium

0-00 pm. Lecture. Dr, Eric Voegelin, “The Configuration or
History,“ He ick Chapel.

BASEBALL EOIIIPHHI .

Gloves — Soft Bulls — Masks
Full line of Balls. Bats. Gloves

GEORGE . & ROLF ,

, » HARDWARE

. "WE RENT MOST EVERYTHING"
"19 Broad Street Grimm". lo

 

 

 

 

ONLY $1 For Any
Kingston Trio Album

 

Witli one at the regular price

 

 

isentcd, including solos, duos and

god countries must be trained to sity's central
‘know more of
meat

i Silcock

‘lzllions Club and

ycaily '

end. The pictured inellillers
Ethiiisi, and Becky Rtitcli

Members of Oi'cliesis rehearse ill'prepzll'zuioil for their performances next week-
llre (left to right) Mill-1y Burke, Robyn Partridge, Judy

 

Orchesis to Presen

Roberts Thcatic is the sccnclcontrasted with bolh an isolated
for the annual "Ol‘chesis Ililmoveinent dance and a tension
Concert" dance program to bc,and rope presentation
presented next Friday and Sat-‘ Tickets tor the concert can be
urday beginning at i pin. The oi-»,ohtained in the Fine Arts Builde

t Concert

ing next Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday. Tile Dilliyramb
ivill teature a post-concert party
in Younkel' loungc following
Friday night‘s pciiormance.

 

,chesis group has 22 members‘
‘zind is the modern dance clubi
,on campus Their annual pl‘oel
gram is bciug ninaged this
year by Peg Mai-tin, piesident

,) , . , b .7
Tm'ue“ “um“: “‘11 c pm Gi'iimcll College has Joined a

large group danccs, Lmja Dem cooperative undergraduate pro.

avs and Miss Martin will he {ear m [0“ critical languages es-
lured in dance solos. while Ann ‘ﬂblhhed by Princeton Unlver
‘Fettcl' \\'lll sing a folk song and,5‘ly»

‘accompany herselt on the guitai-‘ Under this neu- program. he
in another number. "A Study oi named by a threwcal‘ grant

i . _ .
New York"isllletitle givenabale ”m“ ”m came“ CM?" 5‘”

l ‘(lents from Grinnell and 31
iletm the nonsense group dance other colleges and universities

Another group presentation [53- will be able to allend Prince-
tul‘es color and movement, to be ton Im' instruction inA Arabic,

‘Leave Oxford in

,east Asia.”
Silcock
of the universrty iii
"The People of underdeveloo development rioin the univer-
purposc: dedica-
thcir environ- tion to learning and the values
. they must not receivc'of truth and knowledge, While
as an education a mere iniila-Jnainlalning the goal of educa-
tion of learning' argued T H tion, the university in the Line
in Hei lck Chapel on dcrdeveloped country must real—
Monday at 11:00 am. in that underdevelopment lim-
Speaking at a lecture spon- its the economic resources so
sored by the international REA that the university can not air
the Depart for the identical program of a
merit oi Economics, T. H. Sil- Western university, He added
Cock, Fi-otessor or Economics at‘lliat undordevelopmcnt implied
the University of London, dis- national problems that require
cussed “Universities in the Des a ditici-cnt curriculum.
velopment of Undeldeveloped SilCoCl: stated that the cdus
Countries: Retlections on South. cam,” in each nation must be.
’ﬁm ——: gin at the level that corro—

By Edward Decker!

SKLB Staff Writer .
economic

 

 

1.0:: i) nnw oiirn iii its new upsﬂin location—rum (min the Stuart.

_studenls. Silcock st d,
Vpl‘olcssors, reeling isolation troin
their university and a duty to
thcir academic tradition, otten
tiy to make the foreign univer-
sity more Oxford than Oxford
,or course such things are non

GLASSES

Mode and Repaired in
our Laboratory.

 

distinguished the role

‘spunds to the background of the-
“Visiting;

cwmwunhmumhwmm

Chinese, Japanese, Pei-sian, RuSA
sian, and Turkish languages. and
related regional studies In the
social sciences and humanities.

During the ﬁrst year or the
lprog zlm’s operation, 1003.04,
lpl'lol’ily will be given to applh
cants from the Colleges which
took part in the planning l‘nQClr
Iings, including Crinnell and the
mine other members oi the As-
lsociated Colleges of the Midwest,

England'

‘sehse"

Silcoc recognized the need
and desire tor a national langu-
age in the underdeveloped
:country trying to dei-elop a na-
tional consciousness, He added
that the national languages, be-
‘ing languages without a techni—
call literature. Create a further
problem for instruction in West-
ern technology.

i Silcock explained that povci'e
ty, demographic conditions, and
gliteracy rates inipai-e the edu—
'cational processes in underde—
veloped nations. in rcierring to
the age distribution 0L the Ma-
,layan population, Silcock said
that one—halt the population is
under twenty

, He added that the literacy
rate of the upper age brackets
cinaiiiod much lower than the
literacy rate that the educators
sought for the younger group
‘Thus the literacy- rate and the
large youtht‘ui population create

a scarcity of teachers and a
large demand loi- education.

 

Contact Lenses

CASES AND
SOLUTIO NS
EYES

GOOD

 

EXAMINED

E. J. Jensen. O.D.

Optometrist

' STEAK

"The

Across from Post Office

 

 

FOOD

WAYNE'S

HOUSE

Rex"

Por‘l‘y Room Downstairs

 

 

 

Friday. April IZ, I953 SCARLET AND BLACK

, Page Five

 

Grime/liens Scrutinize Iowa 'Weatllervane' County

in slim margin. Finally, Jalopcl'lu'c'le looking for The various

By Karen Adkinson
lhe‘dtic‘lplincs must

 

s a; B Feature Editor {County is near enough to
. . ieollegc that it ran he obsorvodtqueslrons tin which they need
5"“ “‘0 59mg ”f ‘9“ J" Icloscly \vtlhuul trotrhlc.‘ ltlulzl in line. unth the ovetrall

per Coullly, Iowa. has been on»

. Smith, wilt) has nurkctl on otptohtcin The lot-mat or previous
dor lhc close scrutiny ot nicnr

, stnular interdisciplinary proicet‘questionnaires used by lese‘dl’ch»
be“ of “1c Grimm“ Omega .O'lbel’urc toming to Gllnnell, oceanic” on similar studies must he
moles psycholog ‘- “WOW” jdcrolonina the program over tno‘ronstdeicd so that are urll hate
hMo .v and lwlmcnl 56mm “0- years art} in 'ecniunctton \l‘llh‘a hasrs ot comparison \\lth other-
Parlnwnlsr Newspapers 1‘ A‘ "eitllllvr rriterested tactiltv lllt‘ltl-‘Plojccb On the whole it is a
be?" comb“! 5911001 WM“ "‘“Cl’lhers, rtnanctal support has been Imitf, patntul procc, ,' said
ings have been (McNeil; «[Hd'lgit-cn hv the Ford I’tltllldallull.‘Smilll.

questionndiles have been dismb- llhe National Sttcnec Fotlntldlion.‘ the wound questionnaire tn
uted to hundreds ot county rest. 6mm“ CUMQ “so” 1......

 

 

 

‘aud residents- three to tour
dent» _ t For the last tno summers the hours to mlswm. The questions
”7° WW“ 0‘ ”‘C “We" protect has clllliloyetl students were dnersc. lllcluzlill‘: requests

County, Proyect rs two-told. ’l‘heiand gather dat . to know

 

iaculty to tamily hacltcround ol'

 

ﬁrst purpose ts to give 4 l0_Qttcsttonnatt-es have heen t’ormtr the indit-idnal, pl’m'lous places
ten students an opportuntw l0 atcd, distributed and collected or tandem-o, “hclp the poison
“‘Ol’k Closely and lnlormﬂll land some shalt is has been elm. he... he the]: 0.. public

 

n-rlh t'nculty memhcrs on a r-ertdo...‘ 0.. the...
search problem tn their palllCLI» “In Wm...“ E.
lar drsclpttue and to teach these!we m. ham .0
students the lechnlques ot doing

issue, and questions designed to
questionnaire tell trhat land or person he is
decide a hat Those questtormartes tvcrc‘tol.

furnish that

  

'lou-ed up by long interviews

”One major problem in any ot
pro' t of this sort is that the
researchers will exert lrtllu-
once on the community. If
data 3 thcred by the projcct
or thcrr es l'orrnctl- frtlm the
(hill \\ re revealed hcrorc the til the project is completed sr
cuncl sion or the project, it the would alter the Commutlll),
might rntltrence the minimum til we made UL ons not-"
or not y ttnd thus throw (HT } TIIE STUDEN on the p ..
the ﬁndings- or the pi J1. t," ‘ccl are usually iunlors, inn
l noted Smith. lquailﬁtld sophomores- and senio

this analysis.

"As a secondary product I'll
lthe project. we \VlII he ahlt- ll»
help the county solve the p on
lcins e. msetl bv our study. hut-
umlly th will have to wait Itllr

 

 

 

tl\‘0

 
        

 

 

      

 

l He continued The ultimate are mental Thny are enema
lrcsult ot the protect WlII he a aged to concentrate on an t
lturther t tnto the torina. ot' the problem connected t
tion or pt y Some mlztllels their particular discipline. to do

has been begun, and this summer backgmund “my. 0.. now Ms,

 

thoro uill he an emphasis- on . , \ _,
ﬁnding a suitable lheul'v nhich‘p‘m]eds him!“ am” ET?“ '1
\tlll crplain the data “C have ““‘V: a“ “0 ° ““ fe "
gathelcd. Articles by student Accnn-nm 01 other discml

    

.and taculty ahout turrous aspee, it necessary

 

. , l
research in a pl'ofesslonal main,
ncr The second ts to obtdin-

 

[or study for several reasons,"
remarked Paul Smith
L). who is in Charge or the

(llollt ‘.

Richard G. Fort [Gel'm‘dnl has bins excellence in Scholarship

 

project. “Certainly no county iheen awarded a Kent Fcllow- with a Icllgious commitment
can be ‘Lypiml,’ hut Jasper ‘shrp tor the 1963764 academiewhrclt {hey holdrelevant to then-
contains many elements and year Dantorth Foundation ulTi-‘Cllosen protessron.

lcrals have announced. rort who u- \- horn in Stock-
er counlic 1 Tim {allowinp provides [0,»;hOIm, sin-edcn has attended Lar

“It has urbtln and rural some up .0 “was m or g[actuatetmlhne Sulss Language Institute
rntrnities, manufacturing. agl‘lctllr Sud». mm (1;. annual “mudaKing‘s College at Carnhridge.
ture and commerce, and Olgalll» plus‘nm.“ and fees, This g. .. u-hcre he received dn M.A in

interests representative oi otlh

 

 

zmlons representing a variety otlwm enable pm. .0 com...” modern languages, Cheshunt
interestsiln other words. hatiwmk 0.. his PhD. degree He Tlmology College at Cambridge.

 

anee and diversity. its prohlcrns,
too, are representative. Jasper-

County rs also one at the tow .
‘wealhei'vane’ counties trhiclt‘for graduate :tudents who mat

have consistentlv voted for the preparing tor teaching or adminc' “9.1m“ Fe“°“'5h‘PS “'0‘“
presidential candidate who trot lslrnnon In American Colleges “WNW“ m 1922 “5 Pa“ 0f

, , ~ >1 ' la ' 1
it did miss in ‘60. htrt only hy.and unn rsrtrcs and who coni-.8‘00”nfi‘l°§)'3“‘Re‘l’i‘m‘li‘°”‘I‘I‘I‘i‘fl‘sear

r rididueattou. The support and ad
ministration at the fellowship:

Model UN Meel’ing Fea‘l‘ures $52.3. m: 3.2% Dim"
Ac’rive Grinnell Pariicipal‘ion H

Twelve Grinnall students i‘e-‘celled plaise n-om press, attend-
ecntly traveled to St. Louis toltng luculty members, and other Mu“...Cc w_ 303mm madam
participate in the Second Mld- students lot their congatlcntlhan Wm...“ H. Grime” and Mrs
n-est Model UN These lncludccl dlillg of committees, aci trait-1 .
Curt Lamb, Dave Kennedy, Date man demonstrated a good IilIOWIHanufmn “mm" ”‘9 “Eh”?
Golden. Paul Courtr-rght, and edge of the United Nations and ““1““ Academic Librarians
Steve Fleck. These ﬁve were its rules or procedure Because.Conrcrcnce hold in St Louis.
chairmen of the ﬁrst tour m‘dlnloI-lls tine \‘l'ol G mnell wlll Mo, the past Friday and Satur—

‘and Yale Divinity School. where

was one of 21 to he chosen.
hc recetrcd his ST M. degree.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This P'Uamm “'35 established This is his ﬁrst year at Grinnell.l

BoalWans AllentlBotilt Meeli’ng

]

signiﬁcant insights into the ten ' . YOU" Demos
“writs;nitric: lFort Gets Kent Fellows!“ p lw.” ﬂuent

   
      
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  

 

lSiaie Meel’i =

Representing the
» Young Democrats next
- 4 through Sunday at the
, ‘ convention ot' the YD’s trill ti.)
' , .t 26 students. The convention a ll
- ’n he held in Ottumwa,
-;s ‘.| The representatives
‘ r, Marilyn All. Phil
gAnnc Bradley, Ken Coleman.
‘,Ralph Cratt, Aim Delugr ht
Dave Evans Mike Fort, Dar
Fl'cdericks, igne Hanson. Milt}
Herman, Julie Johnson. s.t-rc
“Johnson. _
Paul Jones, Jon moment, Jim
chthe, Mitch Levine, D
Lusthader. Boh Metealt', Gcot
‘Mickey. Ellzabclh Moses, Karen
lOlson, Vance Oppernian, .lntr
,. . *‘Randall, Jack Spence and dun
lYOllng.

  

 

 

L, are:

Berns t’ll‘l

 

    

 

 

ltt

   

 

l Richard G. Fart

   

 

day. Friday's sessions were hcldl

in the new John M. Olin library TIP To GULFERS
rat Washingloti uitrtcr-srty anal . If? wenmonﬁi

Saturdays in [he Pius XII NIe—t

‘mol'tal Library at St Louis Unr
versl

 

 

coltmlitlces and the Special Po-‘conlinue next year in this same

 

litrcal Committee of the Uiiitcdieapaetty as one of the leaders
Nations. lit] the Midwest Model United

BATES
FLOWERS

 

 

 

 

SUMMER

Jack Chapman was presldcnthaﬁoni
of the model Securiy Counctl.
and Larry Hollman was presi-I 1
dent of the model General A .t :
sembly, Marilyn Lindsey. Stevc;6r°up Leaders To
Grooms, Andy Goltlstcrn and
Mike Tetlcy were members or: Be Selec‘l‘ed Soon
a delegallon representing Illdla,,-

Ralph Cralt was chatr-tnan or The New student Days com.
(hi;I delegation. I mittcc is interested in receiv-
ie purpose of the Mode - - . ~. A .
United Netrons was to educate.L ”‘g “We?".“ph‘t’m'im “0'“
students as to the working or! ““09““ “M““g “ C “"“D
the mm“. Na...ms by mmmyn loaders ncxt September. Worn.
ing in a model UN, This modell en's applications are due in the
U hopEd to make Unttcd Na-‘ ofﬁce or the dean of women
tions advocates of Visiting col. on SW...“ Apr“ 20. Mm:
loge students. by greater appl'C-. 1.. r I m h t .,
elation ot‘ United Nattons issuest ““1”” “’m 5w“ . c ""3“
and problems. (0 Dean \Voud's nﬂice by the

The group lrcm crinnoll l'e-' sanic datc.

 

MAKE A DATE WITH ' l
A STEAK TONIGHT

* Language
French
German

ENJOY THE FINEST FOOD AND
ATMOSPHERE IN GRINNELL

 

Rus

* Art and Music

 

write

LONGHORN

 

 

 

in the

ROCKY MOUNTAINS t

1 1k Wide selection of courses in muior subjects in
the liberal arts curriculum

‘A' General studies courses in the Creative Arts
* Hanyu Holm School of Dance

(German Language House for 25 res-
idenricII students)

Applied and Theory
Concerts. Lectures. Film Series
‘A’ Summer Recreation Program

COLORADO COLLEGE

For details. catalog. and applicmion form.
Summer Session Office
Colorado College

Colorado Springs. Colorado

CLASSES ‘

 

To get distance, you nlus‘
inake the niosl of a lull slloil
(let hhot...lteeping both toot,
ﬂat on the ground will hell“
Achieve [hi Don't lmlke lIl-:
mistake of lifting the lett foot
as many people do.

Golf in (my lt'mt/lel- with I;
Dli Icl'itlcle/glml‘tt/l/t‘t‘tllrm
zeizrtrpcllcnt far Ill'O lttll ycttlzr
by CI'm‘L‘HMlL’I"

See our total collection”:
of McGregor Golfwear

PPESION’S‘S

“Marty" CHURCH. Prop.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l
l
f
1‘ Spanish
I
l
l

of the Study sIlouId be a rt-sttll ‘

Page Six

@til resin

Phil Brown, a Gi'iililell student. is Spendill
his junior year zlblxililtl at the Albert Schweit ,er
College in Clluriialtleli (GR) Switzerland. This
article is the ii iii a two part series.

Tile ‘ti'avol-year’ which is relatively com—
mon among European students seems to be ba—
sically a sound idea, ‘lor everyone needs at some
time in his life to be able to have a sizeable
period away from his al influences alid pi
sures ' much in ' ile in the Western
\Voild. ion System notches
the idea up in a characteristic fashion by or-

' alid grouping aiid or nting students
into d Ferent . . . a‘bi' id pi'og ims wllicll l'ea-
time limited 1 eedom and guaranteed credit as
the main attractions. Limited freedom an
attraction in the sense that it is oi‘t‘e 'ed in
the guise of getting to know a foreign cultiiie
in secure surroundings and under tile proper cli-
J'ection. _

This kind of a criticism of the trad' onal
X-College year abr 'id pro im is unfair be-
cause of its overly inclusive phrasing. There a 'e
indeed many individuals who benefit as iiidiiid-
uals from their experiences abroad under such
a program, biit in most cases this is not: the
programs fault. Probably the best tliilig which
can be said about such programs is that they
offer the opportunity, intentional or not, for
individual awakening. it is my contention that
for most; college and univel ity students this
£\\H|l\'enlng, psychological aiid intellectual comes
at a time when it is easilv supprse ed by the
social conditions inherent iii his iirioiindings
ie. the culture of ‘American Oil" .ation‘ and

enerts on ten

SCARLET AND BLACK

more particularly the atmosphere of collegiate
life.

There are two obvious ways ill which this
collegiate atmosphere hinders the outbreak and
development ol’ the personal iiwiil ning which
is all-minortant in developing iudiiidiials who
are capable oi" acting for themselves and of pen,
etl'ating' the potent iiivtli of or ill .atioiial col—
lectivitv in an egalitarian socict (lt " impor—
tant to remember that throughout history it
has been the e men who have been respolsible
[or the binding. the ascension ol' culture and
soCiety.)

First/mast colleges or more correctly ‘iii-
stitutions of highei learning” embrace a social
conditioning ml which functions as a real
model oi the '0 al community of our Cllltlli‘ci
except that it is taken out of cont \ The mini,
nor in which the college cominuniti is a model
out of context becomes clear in the [min of the
crisis the individual faces in the college eli-
vironmont. He is allowed to realize the i‘act that
many of the social more and ideals which he
feels he must ight against do not derive their
source 01‘ authenticity l'l'om any distinct exter-
nal authority, but rather l'rom himself as a
psychologically and sociologically conditioned
man; lo. the notion of authority becomes emas-
culated along with the self. Thus far there has
been a real awakening, and this undoubtedly
does occur consciously or ilnconsmously in
many college students and in last all young peo—

ple of certain educational alid social back—

Friday, April l2, [963

er ties:

grounds \i'llen mooserl to ceitain situational l’ac-
tors

Then the community oi the college is plus
ont, icady to tliil” the individual back into iin-.
toltuicd, llllClltltzll iiavs ot thinking and liiiiig‘,
oifelling a socially lnctilied v to security
on campus and substituting adii tinent iol iii-
iior [\I1)l)lll(‘>.\j and iicedom just as in oui oiin
lalgei society. (of coiiise the pioblem that
things dolit ulna * l‘ oi k out o securely, and
then there are some him never eonl‘oriii and
sonic colleges that offer the opportunity not to
conioi'm.)

Tho cond \iay ill iiliieh the college atmos»
phere stltles and restricts that ai ikeliing is
by putting so much academic piessuie on the
student that he is ioiced into the choice of
studying and learning on his own and in bi
own way and consequently risking bad marks
and academic rest “etion in the Future, or con
forming to the do. red standard of expectations
placed upon him by the college and the com-
munity of students of which he is a part and
often forieitilig much individual and personal
development, There is a thiid solution which
can be taken which is pretending to be a stu-
dent, ie. going half way towards fulfilling both
ends and thereby ma iig' the two ends nothing
but; moans towards a kind oi" conformity which
is anxiety filled and too i'lilniliri' to most of us.
i believe an educational solution is possibiehel‘e,
and that high level experimentation is Vital.

Philip Bl'oivn

 

SCORE Boosts ‘
Human Relation .

The Student Committee on“
Racial Equality (SCORE) at;
Iowa State University is spol‘r
soring its second annual Human
Relations Conference for Iowa
students to be held on the lows
State University campus April
720th and 2lst. A full program
is planned giving ample oppol‘m
tunity for students irom col-
leges throughout the state to
get acquainted and discuss fields,
of discrimination such as nous.
ing, employ ni, education and
campus

Speake s and modelatois will
include— ,

Mr. William Higgs, Missis-
sippi attorney handling civil
rights cases.

Dr. Clarence Yarrow. Ker
glonai Secretary for the
American Friends 5 e i- v i c e
Committee.

PARTY?

AHRVANO S

do the catering.

(inquire about our special
rates for parties)

Telephone 236-6222

Let-

ﬁblﬁll‘l’i

The finest name in cosmetics at

THARP PHARMACY

Where you get personal service
(across imm air Grimiell State Bank)

 

 

 

 

FRESH Mill!
DANISH MAID BAKERY

HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue

 

Mr. Ernest Russell. Execu~

 

tive Secretary, Des Moinos
Human Rights Commission.
For additional information on
registration and housing accom»
modations ror the Conference,‘
one may \v to to'
scone.
% Memorial Union
Iowa State University
Alnes, Iowa

SUWER JOBS

Send now [or list at 1000
summer employers. Camps.
hotels, v, 5., Canada, Mexico
3100 to Stanley Assocs., Bo.
21 1 Phila 3 Pa

WANTED

Conservative Students to

form YAF or conservative

gmups on campus and to

start a conservative paper.

Free literature and coopera-

 

tion in oi-znniiing and plan-
both
plied tree or charge.
interested, write E, .14 McCal—
Jr.. Po. Box 1781)
Bridgeport, Colin. or call
EDison 4-9471 collect

ning ior will be sin»

Those

lumi

 

 

* Ride to visir my maiden aunt in Oskaloosu.
at To trade three old Playboy Magazines for one real live bunny rabbit.

* $1,000.000 (donuficns gleefully accepted)

\

What ever your message. plate your Classified Ads in the 5&8 at the low Student Rate (any
student or organization affiliated with Grinnell College is eligible for this rate.)

DON'T GAMBLE on word of mou'l'h or the bulieﬁn beards. Use our
dependable Classiﬁed Service.

Call Exes. 240 or 349 for rates and information

 

 

Friday. April I2, 1953 SCARLET AND BLACK Page seven

'Clnclermen Drop Dual Mee‘l .‘Flrsl Wlii Ever Over Cyclones

l‘ SCl' 59-45 M ' ' . '
o mom/ma ram: Edi/fem ﬂefeeit‘ lo we State

5m: stall Writer 1 magi-en in the 60 yard luw
_ ‘ liu- ‘05, which he also won,

The Gnnnv” College trad .le Langllam in the min. Rod , - . v ~~ - . The Grim” golf team Open.
'lezlm was dateated by the State Brown m, “ 4.35.0 mm but , Ed its My,“ Tuesday Mm an
Cullege of Iowa mm“ m “".‘“‘ only got third place. i ‘ impressive or home victory av-
‘l°°f' "‘9“ M“? 29_.Th°nf‘4‘l“‘} sol. won the eight. lap ree‘ or Iowa State,

56010 was 5C1 J9~ 51mm 0- ~lay but Young was happy with t In the first victory over the
. It was a close meet all lhe the Grinnell time or 3 Kent‘ . Cyclones in Pioneer golf his-
Wﬂ)’ with each team “mn'ng‘Rogel‘Son won the hiDi jump‘ ‘ tout. the home squad was led
six events but 5-C-I- had thii-titli a leap at 6'2" and Baht 4‘, by two sophomores, Dave
depth to pull it out in the end- Harrill took the broad jumpl i Scllcrgren and Eric Miller,

Coarh Young was very Pleas'iwith 222% The shot put was who played in the nuiulier 1
td With the etlort oi the team, .9 pmneeL weak Spot, and _ , and 2 spots respectively. Sell-
as a whole and made inentio _ .c1. took an mm places. _ ‘ el'gl'en shot a one- rd r-par
ot' the fact that this was the! SCI. 3150 won the are, huti , ‘ 3.; iii-st round, and linished

t time the Pioneers had av-pmd pug ran 3 51,1. Hugging ‘ ' . with the medalist score or 72
or given 501. a good fight lfirst place by a tenth et a sec: 1 for the 18 holes, Miller eard-

Many r. innell individuals 0nd, , ‘ ‘ . 1 ed a '79, good for a second

turned in their host pel‘fol'- Other Gi-innell winners were i place among the Gl‘inxrelliansf

manees in this meet including ‘Rod Brown in the the mile and , » ‘ Jim Tome,- was low man roi-

Fred Berg in the so yard Gene Kowert in the pole vault , , . ‘ ' ‘ ,. ‘Iou'u State wllh a 77 Round-

‘ i i ' W » ‘ a ‘ , ‘ . me out the Pioneer team were

we - ' » ‘ ~. ‘ ' - Harden, Fete Klein. and
Fuller.

Tlv Pioneers will (rival to

111 in to oi ow to

meet Kno in' their ii t Con-

ierenee dual meet. with a good

lrshman t graduated into

Hhe Varsity i -, this year. the

‘siw - should provide stitt com-

' ' the hot shaming

A . l In'f I
mm | e

‘ men against Knox will he Seller—
lsy THE Animal ieiiis with Scaling have horn ie— - igl‘c tiller. Hardin, Fuller. and

‘poi-ted, prohah a n o t h e r sophomore.

 

 

 

Tim spl‘mg l'M season started ‘
siiinging (litel‘allv) yesterda, The ﬁrst round at the golf.
with a pair of softball games. ‘mcet will be held April 29, and ‘ A , > , .

hi the ﬁrst of two rather dc- :?°‘t“d‘::_n‘i‘:e:‘m““£14h?“ " . . s . him we itlcmlt: o/ jurbt-lx
eisire contests, North ds osctl > ‘ t i- i . . . . e . .
or East 1375' and looked 45’)“ n _ Pioneer lllg‘ll Jumper Mike Lux clears the bar in one‘

were on its way toward success-i . 9r m$ pumice leaps this “'EEk- He is film“: “‘19 [he “.9“ iii ”unis latiti.iiimiinii,'ii menu”
fully defending the crown ,t‘ I _ Jumping pit uhlcll leélllll‘es foam rubber cushioning “1—; i, W “I,” 5‘ MW.” 1;”: ,ng
won last year. The most stirring ,mone en 5 ‘ott‘ntl ot the usual sawdust. mm” H”, H “mm” Mm
play of the game was “wmmp ‘ Donor /or Zen/r too-ioiiniiaiiie

“h" “all“ ‘ 'eaping W M NCAA Meeting Grlnnell Tennis Tream Meel‘s l noi.o.,i,»,i.i..,...i

(ullrge [like Hm: train toiir tome
itiimii iiiiil oomumriit ruigimieiiti

 

Ken Slt‘ublers hot gloundel, ID inmml uni. Tbir'sttvlegy ll'jr

and throw from a sitting posl-‘ IFirS-i- Foe, Belol'l', Tomorrow l It; outward. mm mm. m.

t‘iou, The throw was high, and: Irv Simone tpliy. ed.) will air The om do. alNAVlONALREVlEW
S|l‘ubiel‘ would have been satcttend the National Collegiate Ath. Grimwll's tennis forces travel the second doubles has not yell tram-idiots." W" ”t "H "W-

, . ,, ,i , iSDEJSSlev
even it it wel‘en'l, but it looked letic Association's annual swlm-légnleloeﬁePﬁi‘ °~‘ ‘0‘ ”m ‘9“ been selected. York it, at,

good anyway. lniing rules eanlerenee in Allslln. The tentative _ MES “new;
. ’Texas. Wednesday lhrotteli Sat-i v11 h ' tl ‘Cl G A Ir
0n the seccnd diamond Lane _ ‘\\l o in us oi e uy si
o n “in mu trounced 1,. sum“? ' ;ton. Jim Smith. Lai v Shannon.‘ . SALES Q REPAIR . RENTAL
’3 5 5°” y 3 . . lBoh Bramson and Bob llewes ‘
Rall'son contingent 12.2. i One at the big questions to be‘ Cam] Edd BOW“ WNW. .' _ * Smith _ Corona
. . . discussed by the airhi represent ii i ii r-t ; - i . r-ol '
G g into elleet this season a la 12 us out pnietqm . . _
. 0‘" , . . latives is a proposal to inrreasedohnitelv set although their on ‘ * Olive"!
is a neu softball Subslllullon‘ . _ t, > w d n .
. or . . from three to i'oul' the numhor am may :6 rlmnoc . ctr
me “Ho“mg a 5mm m leave.“ events in which -m indii-idiril “my be "el’k‘md 3‘ “‘9 “WW ’ ' * Hermes
the game tor a sub and return. ‘ ‘ ‘ stir-e position bv Ken . -. ,

- lurinn a meet. . \
altar at least one inning out. to “‘33 wmpe‘e ‘ = Dick luetzlei- or w
the same spot in the batting Simone, uho is the NCAA‘. Ashton and Bl'umstm alel 0 *COST R’EPAIR 9: ALL liAKES
order later in the contest lt is district rules representative, ear- 5“““1‘110‘1 ‘0 Pm" ““mbe“ 0““

l l , ~ ,_. l ~ t. .
malziiio softball more than instdior served as head timer at thef‘mb °s 30“" Rm“ ‘0. "l“. SEE US FOR.
a , one at the men uho does not P l' d Add L bnls
a Iceman sport, irhioh it wasrnallonal NCAA swimming moot pm. mgr“ in“) “Emmi don‘t ersgnalze rcss a -
up until now. So tar. no pl‘tib»llieltl at Raleigh, N.C. hles team, The other player in; Imprinted March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies

Mlmeographlng '

aselralers lose to isht‘frdig (this?iioﬁfiiisésiiii

 

 

 

 

By Tam Fullmer 1pitchers hurled tour innings pm. l3ar . Anderson will he the‘ ’
The pmneer bagebﬂu squeal Grhmell outhrt Central N lo‘slarllng pitcher. A week fl'nln‘
pened the 19th season Wednes- Wm“? hm ”“5 ““5 ““5” by TCSaturday the Pioneers will open: N

‘Pl he l' l‘l' rs \ l »
day With a 52 loss to Centrrtt ° 6 ° ° W“ m” the worn-once season iiisii

inilSCll said he let hath pitchers
’ i ‘ ' t l i. . i .
521.5%; a; “1;: 2;:éi‘ﬂaﬁsizm‘gim tor tour Innings rather than‘Comellv .

Fella hovered in the high 40's. Elise three pitchers because he is K II E
. summit Jumped on- to a 2,.) looking torward to the time Grinnell 002 000 000—2 ti 6
lead in the top or the third in-lwhen the thin Grinnell pilcllln; Central 000400 01x75
“mg. Art Petersen walked and‘slaﬁ wiii hat-o to work no w. , .
then stole second, Wayne Gano:through doubleheadm BMCT‘ES’CM'W“ ”E“
drove Peterson across with that ‘ rand Game Cry-<0!» Cm ‘
opening l‘un With a triple. canot Griiinell opens its home season Moldei-maher (7) and Slykhuis,‘
stored the ﬁnal Pioneer run asjagainst Simpson Tuesday at a Dyhstra (4).
he was singled home bv Jim
Jenks.

Central took the lead in the.
fourth lnnlng as lhey exploded ‘
for root at noon some PENNEY S -
Cal Collier. They added on in.. i i NORTH
suranee run in the eighth uﬂ‘l anwnrs FleTouALITv CAMPUS
Denny l-tanssen. Both Plonccl'l

__1 MAKE PENNEY‘g YQUR SOUTH

 

CAMPUS

sweat CAMPING HEAEQUAR?ER§ FOR
TOUR

oi Europe

CANVAE 9%ng 33 1 boih agencies are served by

“90‘? $195.1)! ”than ‘ V MEN'S CANVAS OXFORDS
all'i‘s‘i‘oll’i'ihs‘t‘iil'ﬁll‘hzo Size e to 12 B or D Width ‘ IOWA CLEANERS
Severn spoon time.

only $479 . WOMEN'S CIA-{WAS OXFORDS

Size 5 re 9 A or B Widrh 57’9“” “5 by "'“E f‘"

GRINNELL TRAVEL quality service at less cusf.

CENTER '3 All tar only $2.90

 

 

 

 

Page Eigln‘

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. April l2, m3

 

Physical Ecltlca-‘iiorl Majors:
Find Piece in Peace Corps

.I.nlc graduates with degrees
it ohys al education or woman
litul viill find ample opportuni-
l‘ to use their skills 1nd
\lttﬂlllg in Pcacc Corps sel
ltoquests ror \‘oltlntce » with
tit-lienee m lllese_ fields have
doubled t‘or 1963 as emerging
nailons look to the Peace Corps
in: lpply pct-sons with this SDC-
rittllzed knoulcdgc.

'lell countrie India sie a

no. More o, Gudlcm' a,
i under. Cameroon, Ethiopia
and Barbados have appealed to
the Peace Corps [or sports edits
t. tors. They will serve as
lu.Cl‘tE and coaches in elemelr
lazy and secondary schools. on
itn, university level and some
\vi‘l also work in general :tths
lcl'c programs.

Specifically, the Volunteers
wi' be assigned to develop
.ttl ical education curricula. sue
ptw‘ViSE and administer sports
prowl-arms and organize teams to
pa leipate in local. regional or
international competitions

A total cl 200 men and wom-
~ with the necessary back-

nds and qualifications will

. maiol s.

land medical

must be

do nccded jobs. They may liavc‘

no dcpendcn. undcl

A Volunteer l‘l‘ccwes 575
month rcadlustmcnt allowance.
The total. 51500. is paid at the
end at the two-year tour or dtl-
(y.

18

He also receives allowances Io
cover food, lion
and illciclenlztls. '1 importation

Cale arc plol'ided.

All voluntecrs go through a
training program in the United
States which prepares tllcln t'or
their jobs. They study thc his

AlllCl‘lCZln‘ -

no. clothtng_

lEasler Service l
by King Sunday ‘

Peace Corps prciccts one should:
ha . a dcgtcc in physical edu»
cation or reel-ration. Teachers‘
with degrees in other academic
but who have \l'ol'ltcrll
in recreation or physical educa-‘
hon are also eligible Expeirl
once in physical education, ei-l
thcr through coaching or or an—
r 19, team Compellllon h hi hlr‘
dc. ~ahlc

volunteers
citizcns uvct ls, Tllm'e is no
maximum ago llnnt Man-icd
couples are eligible it both can

Easter services will no talk
ducted by Donn of the Chanel
Winston L, King on Sunday,
Apt 21. at 11:30 min. in Her-
l-ick ct.pel.

Tlu‘ topic
salmon will
[Until 3'

King's
Were

of Dunn
be “They

Review Asks lor
Applicanls Monday

Applications are now hemg acV
ccptcd for thc positions ot edi—

tor and business manager or the.

.Grillncll Review for the 1963-64

school year.

All applications must he sub-
;lntttcd to Ken Schitl, current
chVch edllm. by Monday.
April

The Board or Publications will
lntcruiou- the applicants on
Wednesday, April 17.

 

l

l
l
l
l

l
l
i
l
l
l

On ci warm day like lhis
you cam” heal- a refreshing—
ice cream cone!

DAVIS
ICE CREAM SHOP

Delicious Malt-s and Shakes Too!

 

 

 

Sl'. Paul's S'l'udenl Cen‘l‘er
EPISCOPAL

o Sundaysis u.ni., 10 am. and 4:30 mu.
0 Wednesdays—7 a.n\., Eucharist

o FridnySA 0 pm. Eucharist

0 Daily Offices—9:15 am. and 4:30 uni.

Fr. Problc, Vicar and Chaplain

 

 

toly. culturc and language of.
their host coullll'v: technical
courses in their special alcas oi"

concentration: American history
and uorld att'airs, health cdu.‘
cation and ph al litncss and
Iprcuenlnve ‘methcinc

Additional inter-motion
Volunteer Questlonnulr
nroilahle by writing to Mr: Pa-l
.gano, Professional and chllnlcall
tDivislon. Peace Corps. Wash-1
lillglon 25. DC,

into training this summer tor
ltn- e protects

.‘ltles Pagano. Director oi the.
Pcace Celps' Ft'ofesstollzll and
'l‘cchnical Di on. has listed
rinse opportunities lor potential
volunteers:

Littlefield Jewelry (0.

Corner 4th and Broad Street. Grinnell
Local Authorized Dealer

 

 

1l Opportunities to develop
physical education and reel-air
lion programs trout fumin-
li-entals to highly detailed
programs.

and l
are l

2) Opportunities to “to"
nith people who are eager for
instruction and want to be
helped and guided.

3) Opportunities in do rc-
~ h that may lead to a
stcr‘s Degree in the chosen
lielll.

Planning A
Purl-y?

Hungry for good
Baked goods?

Order cakes. cookies.
and pastries from

ﬁddly
loading
SAD/q

923 Broad Sr.

4) Opportunities to demon-
stratc the principles and phiis
Itsoplly oi American sports
through the establishment of
well-rounded, w e l l-orgonizcd

well—administered physi-
ril education or recreation
programs.

5) Opportunities to learn .
about other countries. Ulepeo-
.yle, the language and culture
and to Show them how Anion
itans think, work and learn.

to work
in some

6) Opportunities
h Olympic teams
«u‘ these copntries.

7) Opportunities to achieve
solid experience which will he
oi great value to the Volun-
leer as he plans his iuture
uureer.

 

 

To quality lor any of thesel

 

 

ENGAGEMENT RING WITH THE PERFECT CENTER DlAMOND

PLANNING A

.HOUSE PARTY
See Us For

Pclalo Chips. Pep. Crackers.
Candy. Gum. Fresh Fruil.
Cookies. Ice Cream. csnsl'Rolls

True ariislry is expressed in file brilliant fashion slyling of
every Keepsake diamond engagement ring. Each
selling is a masierplece of design, reflecting the full brilliance
and beauty of tlle center diamond . . . a perfect
gem of flawless clarity, fine color and

meticulous modern cul.

Alllliorlzcd Keepsalte Jewelers may be listed in the
Yellow Pages. Vtsil one in your area and choose tlom
many beaullltll styles. each mth the name “Kecpsaka”
la the ring and on tile tag,

One Block West of Old Storé
We Give SSrH Green Stamps

 

[new to PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDHIG
Please send two new buolllels, “How to tho Your Engages
rent and Wedding“ ardw'cttoorlio Your Diamond
Rings,“ both to only too. Also send special offer at
I beuuiilul M paga Bride's Book.

com: King said. wmdmo Rh: SO.DB~RME2A Ring
5359 Alla lo‘liSikoialNS Ring Sl50.W¢ddlng xtrgsarn,

include Racial lu. Rl-‘ql “5:4qu in
:l M detnh, @Dade-Vdik re

 

xié>w<s rumour was. smellssz. m,

 

 

