- . lChoral Socief ,Orches’rra +0
WaI/{er Named Assoaate Dean‘PresenrAmuayl Show Sunday

l
The appointment of Waldo S science and doctor of pllllosopllyl

Walker to the newly created,degrccs from the state Univel’sl
position ol a.~-eeialc dean ol"Slty ot lows.

the college was announced to.r .

“my by “05,de HOW“, R.‘ Dr, Bowen said the new pos

Waldo S. Walker

 

Vol. LXX

Wednesday night, a t t c i‘llege
lengthy debate, the Student dents
Senate passed a liquol‘rbyrthe-lschool
room bill. Proposed changes in‘
rlhe Men's and Women's House
Rules were also voted on, and
these measures passed with low
complications The most heated
discussion involved the
ing rule,

’3‘
' ‘orchestra ,wrll prcsent its annual The Magniticat, composed in
spring concert Sunday night ln,the 1760's by ltalian Classic -t
r
, itorhashcc ~tdt “-lr . .
Bo\\ell. U‘w‘ at,m,ms,‘,‘affv°: foaduoczgs'é: . ltwo moior work the “Magnifi- annual Passion Sunday program
W——~ in the Ahhey of Einsrcdein,
. r .
mu... r. r. Musm Rentals , . d h _, d
and will retain his teaching torn“ *- llumpels, mlx_e c on, an_ a
quartet el soloists. The soloists,
Walker, 32, will begin his ncwrsludcnt services, public crcnts, , , . , ,5 m the mom. or ppesenrmg William Moi-am. tenor, and Craig
dulres August 15. A native stand matters relating to thC cur-l , ‘ , . _ -scveral student recitals as part Wellel'lt-rlr bass
r . .. . .
. . Ma 9, tcatured Garda Vau hair. Sll‘awnsky said, This symphony
lamcd the Grinnell stall Ill Sepr‘nell’s liclwcerrscm -ter-s interim Katya“ Johnson, Ann Hogairsonl
tembcr Qtr 1955 as an instructor session and admtnlsi tion of [hot
,SN“ Jumhacg some,” phony Orcestra on the occasion.
Wednesday nights rccrlal prc- ‘of lls fllllelh annlvcrsary‘” The
lnist at piano and harpsrcord “M and News a full I“ '
,ung, pram, soloists, ipianists lor Sunday nights per—
: The linal recital is scheduled formallcc Wlll be Clem Vaughan
[or he. Wednesday evening at‘and Dlanc Slel‘nbel'g-
8 in Roberts Theatre No trckots‘. The Choral Society, composed
,are required tor atlendancc. Thcloi interested students and towns-
program will feature Allenelpcople. ls under the direction at
. . . . . lFr-ahrn. cello, with Gar-darDon Jones, and for this occasion
Oldes’l College Newspaper Wesf of fire Mississlppl
No. 30 berg, piano soloist. by James Yannatos
this summer. These slur
inlormation about Grinnell
Chapman closed his remarks by
an cmincnt authority on theoHHcrilck Chapel at it pm. Thurs-lchonge of views on philosophy
logy will deliver principal Comslday. June a. and history at :1 10 am. session
lstudent Ices next semester
drinlei June 5 and 7. lone of the world’s foremost his- awarded at [he Commencement
Dr. George A. Buttrick, (lle‘tori'dns. will deliver the Conferemmeg at which 235 Grin.
S‘ludenl' Convo

Society, along with the college vinsky's “Symphony of Psalms.”
, a pm. the concert will teatureiformed for many years as the
prol'essul' or blows will serveland the increasing range or rtsl ". “mg orchestra with ems and
1010b) Ed "”Spms'b‘mm ”mm m > The college music department soprano, Julia Chatter-ton, also.
or Upper low-a Urr' el rty, he also he responsible for c,.,,,_ ~Festrval. The lirst recital, held plmny of Psalms in 1930. Igor
and Sheila K033“, Wm; andldedicaled tn the Boston Syme
97111116“ College “m. Am rota"...n We tor urge orchaslrewlllrout
lclco Vaughan and Carol Bowv‘chorllS. and two pianos. The
land harpsicord. and Drane Stern. The program will .he conducted
U b "1 R P
quor y e oom asses,
seniors and give them
A worldefamous historian andlfol' hrs baccalaureate address in scheduled to engage in an inter—
lsenatc to pass a 510 increase in
the Grinneil College carnpusrvisitrng professor or history and pour honorary degree; will be
Am“ “her “”"35' ”‘c Pm‘ serves as prole or or preaching gymnasium at 2 D p.m. Friday..gor bachelor of arts degrees.

posed drinking rule states that

at Garrett Theological Seminar

June 7. using “On Living Withl

students “are prohibited from
consumption or possession in

The Grinncll College Choral cat" by Sammartrni, and Sll‘a»
Roberts Theatre, Beginning at Giovanni Sarnrnartini, was per-
B "d thk- ld . t .
owen s \ r cr assrstant,e by the grouth oi the collegcl Switzerland. The work )3 set [or
. J a .
nectron in the department ol He said Walkcr will he assign. .; , End Next week a“ students, are Gm, perm,
Fayette, lorva, and a graduatcrrrculum ol the college He will ‘0! the mmMHong Flue Aml 1‘11“ dad‘cam“ 0‘ ”‘0 Sym‘
composed to the glory ot GOD is
in biology. He holds master ofljumol' liberal arts cvanrrnatron. ‘
scritcd Julia Johnson, soprano work. m three parlsi is Will H
,Vaughan accompanist at pranolis ,roined by the college choir.
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday, May I7, 1963
m“ “"3“ “"6 ”lghfommencement MEk SpBEC/TES
saying that he would ask the
mencement week addresses on; Dr Arnold J, Toynbec, Healh,in Roberts Theatre Friday.
theological scholar who lodar nrencement address in Darby “all senior-5 Wm be candidates
ls Wednesday

Evanslon. 11]., will use "Faitthne's Troubles” as his subject. ‘l
and Knowledge” as the subject The two speakers are also

In addition to Dr. Buttrick,
who will receive the doctorate
of divinity (D.D.). and. Dr. Toyn-

open containers of alcoholic
beverages outside student rooms
on the property of the college,
and at oll campus college func-
lions." The rule also notes that
“only individuals can be fined,“

Jack Chapman, SGA Presi—
dcnt reported that President
Bowen will present a “student
life report" Wednesday in Her-
rick chapel. Apparently, this re:
port or studenlsfaculty recome
mendatrons Will be outlined by
Doctor Bowen and will be the
basis lor the rules of the college
nexl year.

According to Chapman, a
number of lreshmcn and sopho-
participate

ambassador service for the col-

mores will in an

 

A student convocation will
be held next Wednesday in
Herrick Chapel at 11 n.m. at
which time Grinnell President
Howard it. Bowen will dis
cuss the report of the eleven-
memher laeulty committee on

student lire.
Tire report deiirres penalties
ror violation of rules, examines
the college rules, and rccorn—
mends a procedure tor ltrrthcr

rule changes.
According to SGA President

Jack Chapman, “The impact of ,

this report is signilicant, since
these recommendations
probably

next year."

will

illtu (5”ch [01‘

go

.bee, who will be awarded the
,doctorate of humane letters
,(L.H,D.), honorary degrees will
he conferred upon Gnnnell
alumni Arthur J. Jones, Swarth-
more, Pm, who was graduated
in 1393, and 1. Hawthorne Arey.
,Kensington, Md, 3 member of
,lhe Class of 1928. Both \\'ill re-
ceive LLD's.

Dr. Blltti‘ick. a native Briton
land educated in E ’tish schools,
has done all of his lonnal min-
istry and t’eachlng in the United
states, beginning with a preach—
ing charge in Quincy, Ill, in
‘1915, He has taught a! Harvard
Umverstty and Union Theolug-
lcal Seminary prior to his pres-
ent appointment, has written
Widely on religious subjects. is
a world traveler and lecturer,
and has been in heavy demand

Commencement
lContinned to page 8

 

 

George A. Buttrick

Arnold J. 'l'oyzlliee

College Add: (flap/din, Dean, Eight Farulty Member:

Grinnell will add eight mem-
bers to its racrrlty and stair [or
the 1963-64 school year. Presi—
dent Howard R Bowen an-
nounced this week,

in addition to Miss Jean Slo-
cum. dean or women, and Roger
L. Eldridge. college chaplain
and instructor ot philosophy
and rclrgron, previously an.
nounced in the Scarlet and
Black, the new taculty members
’rr'lll be L’cryl E. Clotl'cllcr, assu—
crntc proresscr- ol ph . John
M Clo (t,
llllrsor ol' .
Alldl’eu‘ (Q Blane .il“<tzlllt DH)-
l-sscr or hrstory Charles J
Cntlk. rnsrructor in plr s,
Mi.» Donna Oshcl, m lr-rrctor in;
Spanish The new s tit mom—
hcr is Miss nulh Breekert, ad-
missions counselor,

Beryl Clotlelter received his
13.5. dcgrcc lroru Dklzlllomzl‘
Baptist Unrver-sity and his M.s.l

lallgtt "as

 

l Amcl ithll

and Ph D degrees in physics and
math iron: the Uillvtl ty at
Oklahoma, He comes to (vl’lnllell
llom Oklzlhumil Bapti. Ulllvcr—
stly where he has served as a
,Jl‘olcssol’ 0i pllyslc:

Clollcltcl’ i A member of lllt‘,
Plly ll Socirly, the
American Asxocllttmll 01 Pll) Ics
l‘ .cllc . tllf‘ Amelltdll As (’lcl'
Hon for lllu AKl'i'ElIlLL’HlCIll OI
Science. and llle Alllcl '1 Ass
sotratlon (It Univci ity ole.
(ll‘s He was listed in “\Vlln‘
ll'lui in Amcrltan Urllvcr ’lll \
.titl Cull lmm lSHl
rilHl. since l‘
in ’Allll‘ritr’lll Men (ll S

Cltltleltcl’ ls ctllrmltly
Eng; oil it pll ' pmiccl
Rated by a glulll [mm the From
ti s or Science Foundation or
Olildllonla

John Crossot, :rssocirrtc pi'OIPS~
SOl‘ ol’ Clt’lsSK‘dl
cclvcd llls BA

languages. rc-
in Euglrsh and

lc. . cs rrom Columbia College ser. and Samuel Richardson.
rn ism. and lus Fun in Eng-. Andrew Q Blane, assistant} Mrss Donna Oshcl.‘ named an
lish iroru Harvard University in‘ prolcsser oi history. received instructor at Spani h, is a 1961
‘1958 this BA. irem Center College. graduate of Grinncll She will

Belorc coming Gr-irirrcll.lDarrrrllc (Ky). and his MA in receive her MA. degree In
c ossctt taught at leur collegell‘hcology lrorn Cambridge Unl- Spanish lrom Yale University

ud uuuersrtres and most r-e- rcrsrty in England. this summer Thrs will be M .s
,Lelltlll has sclvctl as head or the Blane currently working on Oshel's first teaching assign—
i'uuuaurlres tit-paitment at Pill'— lus PM). in Religion and Ru lncnt.
‘sous College. sum hr or at Duke Unwcrsrt Miss Oshcl was also a Phi
Cr clt rs n rucmhcr ol 2hr. A re ,.cnt (if a number ot Beta Kappa wliilc at Grinnell.
Modern Language A- oeralrm» lcllowshrps. Blane has nlsoland received a Fulbright Fellow—
‘ rid the Amtrrrc r Assocl ion ol done graduate uerk :u ll ard slrrp l'or graduate study at the

rtv Prom. or Unrvtrsrty and the Unircr
- ssrtt is the author or llums Leningrad lll ltuss
erous :llllLl » pot-ms and r: Charles .l, Cook

\i'llitll lune, appeared rn rh \‘l let-cued hi

a tar-rely ol l or ry Journals r vsr, l'rorn Griuncll in
and. r th hrs sister. has written and his M A, m physrts trem rc
ii burl 01' poems pulllishtd liyiSlllto Ulll\cr&ily ill low in lllSll.
the v Press in mm. lie is‘ Cook rcturns to Gr rucll lr-om
rurrcntiy compictrup a book on‘ Ohio where he served as :l phys-
lhc ”philosophical and tlmnlogs Ol'él‘bm" COI‘CQet ‘Vesl‘lm‘e ,
i0, duvewpmum o, Souhudm. res rnstructo . _ 63, Miss Brockert served as an
. ‘ , . Cook \v. a Plll Beta Kappa as. . ant to the supervisors of
CWSC‘“ Plans [01' Um lulul‘cla Woodrow Wilson Fellowship the United Nations Visitors Ser-
lrntlude hooks on Mrlton Spcn~lwhilo at Grinllell and rcceu-ed vice.

lfor graduate study.

to

Peru.

Ml nulh Brockcr named an
ddrnrssrons counselor. is also a
Grinnell alumnae, A phi Beta
Kappa. shc rccerrcd her BA. in
sociology in i .

Mrss Brockert received an
MA in teaching in 1960 irom
Hal -d University. From 1961<

' ol
ill

 

Page Two

Censorship

“The, Faculty Council on Student At-
T. Monday released ii. report in which
i 0 rules of the College were rc- iiiiined
and in which the studellts' iole in iliitiiitilln
social legia atitiit wits t'orillalized.” This set
teiice comprised tlle lead pal igiapli ot‘ ft
story which will never ‘he used iii the Scare
let and Black.

The news story told ol‘ a liew mechan-
ism. which the Council devised, through
\\lllCll c iidcnts collld act as a very low
house lll making the rules which govern
tile" actions. The article also listed the
signllcant changes in the rules )‘OCOlnr
utended by the Council.

Although the report has been ci eilliited
to the eiilty and to so-called “student
leaders.” i has not been released fol the
common student and parent to see. Pier
dent Hm ird It. Bowen ii isted that it the
5&1; were to he allowed to release thi

Orr belul'c he spoke at a convocation next
. dliesdar, he must approve the lelcase
belorchand,

Shown the complete news story, Piesic
dent Bowen insisted that the whole story
not be released. He oill wanted tllc 8&1}
to discuss the new i . ative process. He
did not want the Ski; to discuss the rule
changes the repolt uggested aild asked
that the newspaper met-ell speak of the
changes as a “liber ' itioii.”

President Bowen has the right to decide
how and when he would like his own collie

inittee’s report released.

However, Elli} line the Piesidcnt of
G innell College asks to see an article be
fore it’s published and decides what part
or it should be published, he is coming:
close to a form of censorship.

This report is no longer top secret. The
President lilil elf knows that 200 copies
of the report are about: to be released to

SCARLET AND BLACK

—Searle+ and Black

GRINNELL COLLEGE
Griilnell. Io\\':I

»\ initii inks
l tutu I \ll
.imti

min dint
in iii.
mm.

iii

iimrii ~i.i.,tiimmn

\i xii tin ainmi

(

innit m-
A Ni I-Zi)|t‘iilt Juhn \Vulf
._—__4_—————

students, that every faculty member has
alre lv been given a Co] The wraps are
ott.

eteltheless. it tho 9&3 used the re-
port that is now in the common domain,
clidiges of editorial ll' poilsibili
spring in their all—tone dll'llllttl' way from
Burling bliseiiioiit.

The Report

Tait Reduction.

‘Friday, May I7, 1963

lleviiioii Group

i Names Bowen Permanent Head

College Fi-
Howard B. Bowen has hecn
iiiained pcrnmncnt chairman ct
‘the ncwiy ion-med Citizens Com-
,mittcc lor TE Reduction and
il’telllslon in 1903, it was learned
here today.

Grillnell \ dent

. The new committee, composed
tot leaders ircm the fields ol'
lnuali business, education, labor,
agriculture, hnusmg, and wcL
iarc. held '< otganizationel
meeting in \\'shitigion, D.C.
ilust week,

Dr. Bowen said the cninmittcc.

cross to take prompt action to
rcducc taxes and to “correct dcr
[acts in the tax law “

He said thc group aim adoptv
ed a stiitenlent oi principics calr
ing [or a “ine'lnlligl'ul rat sum"
in the tax lﬁli including a net

,inch Committee ini- Tax Reduc-
ltinn in 1963, l'Dl‘lnCd earlier

President Kcnnedy. Secretary
.at thc Tloa<ury Douglas Dillon.
(Undersecretary oi the Treasury
tHeni'y H Fowler. and Speelal
1A stunt to the Pi‘CSident Law-
‘renec F. O'Brien were among
ccvcrnment ol'iiClals attending
lineutlngs at which Dr. Bowen
presided.

Dr, Bowen was also named as
the commitlee's L‘O'Cllnll‘lllml for
education. Other cocchairnlen:
i D. W. Brooks. agi’icllltul‘

would in its initial action, urged Cullr‘Gcm-gc Meany. labor. pm} Dr

ivid Fine, small business. Geri-it
lEandCr Ende. housing; and Anne
M rnrand. weliarc.

l Tile committee i; expected to
lannouucc the appointment at an
executive secretary soon

The eleven-man council spent two longircductiun ol intlivtddal and cor-,

meniii listcllili to “student leaders” tell
what they felt were detects ill a (hall 01'
the final report. The “student leaders“ dic-
ag’l'eed with the report at almost evel‘

point and disagreed with each other upon,

occasion.

But what the students Said iii the two
ii‘oiir—hour sessions had a very minor ei'i'ect
on the final report. The committee paid

little heed to student complaints but only-

formiilized the system by which students
could make more complaints.

The report is not a “liberalization” of
the social rules. The lnodi cations that the
report called for were in academic and

nonvsocial areas.
J. P. H.

 

David Lighi'bourne

Forum For Descent

A certain Gilnnell chemisll'v piofessor holds
in a “cyclical theory" or student government
the notion that it always takes about three yeais
for Students to inarshall a one year challenge
to the established order. According to this View,
old issues never die — they just gct buried for
a whi e.

In the words at General MacArthur, “I will
return." But the fact remains that Jack Chair
man will never return. Neither will Edward
Robbins, Al Boston, Cameron Hendershot, 01‘
Bill Halamzi. And so our chemistry professor
may be right.

Either necessarily or not, Grinnell strident
govcinnlelit is essentially an “elitest game”
"Selected Students” recently met with an ad-
)llll‘ilstl‘atianrlacultv committee variously titled
‘Cotlncil on Student Lite" and “Faculty Council
on Student Attail ’ This group 7 befme which
the students lll often “testified” 7 had prenaicd
? report which “as ominously dulhed CONFI—
DENTIAL After weeks of admin zitive ic‘ n-
s.dcration, in which the student view was “l‘cllll-
ity ignored, Li final report is about to be dlsr
itihutcd to the niasse

Then remember the "Grillllcllsmailship REV
Dort’ of last semester7 These tire the (no most
obvious cascs ot the college fostering elitism as
an escape vaivc tor the pressure at student tal-
out. Our selected studcllls vcrc kept btisv ini-
quite a while, even though most icit that "nor
body was hatching"

Now, a less cunning and subtle fashion or
playing big games was witnessed during the
Senate's notorious deliberations on the budget,
The social planning board rcccmmcndcd tn the
executivc cabinet which recommcndcd to [he
BUNC committee which I‘CCDIllandiztl to the
scnatc which prctty much recommended to
hvcrybody. it then spent everything tl'om 332:7
nail on next year‘s social events in minor cx~
menses tor (lowers iii the Quad,

in one oi the shortest deliberations on ex-
penditui‘es In ihc h toiy or student government,
the Senate once again moved that serious- aspects

l
t

or the game can be partially ignored

What‘s more tun, obviously is sitting in rar-
iotis advisory capacities or in an everrprolitei‘at-
int: committee system. All the committees, re»
ports. pctty pohtlcklng and political gossiping
provide an ingenious funhotise where real siiidcnt
aiicciivcness gets lost haliway up a trick stair»
case. When anybody seriously tries to _e[[cct
tchangcs in student lite or in the evolution oi
the college, somebody pulls the lever.

The chici expectation of recent student poli-
tics has been the prospect at change, with a ceiu

lain feverish interest in that change It l’CnlLul'lSt

to be seen whether our new political order rcp-
resents a peak nr a trough in the three year
cycle or agitation it looks like a pcak so i-ar. but
it won't matter,

a change in term (with indications of ici‘orm),
they generally have to forget about content. the
substance which was implied in clcciioii cam-
lpaigriing

Tl‘e reason. or tone. that nur iormcr heroes
in SGA will never return is because they passed
GO. collected their citpl mas, and got out l-lnptu
[tillv they're all somcpl‘ c where they can make
tlicii- Own decisions.

l'm not complaining at all about money loi-
Dithyi-amb ni int [lowers in the Quad in iact, i
‘ihliil: the school ought to in est iii a whole
lmtanmcal garden iull at riotieis tor us to go
walking through during the long \' icr months,
But the Senate’s sincere attitude ni citing the
budget over with is a titling indication oi hovg
seriously it can crs its own iiiipnrtnncc. That
estimate is about right.

The admiiiislration. on ihc other hand, 5Ce_ins
in think its importance IS rather <icila ,_ iah
that they're going to appear at “Convocation to
ret-cai what ihcy think at tu- l imaginc ihcy'll
say th it like the‘ auditor, because hc does a gond
deb for them clicap. and they may even iy
the c glad somebody else ge < blamed for in
sec \l problem."

Yet it's true that thc social planning board
has no connection whatsoever t ith [he Car rule,
cvcn it‘ it has gone on lDCord as iii-cloning buses

 

Four ROTC Cadets to Receive Summer Training

Four Giinncii Aii FOicc ROTC
Cadets will l'CCL‘li'C tour wcck.
ot' intcncivc pi ,r'iclliu duty

ning at us. An Voice Bases
th summer,

They are Cadets James ilat.
ﬁeld, David L llau'ley, Richard
A. Nye and Robert A Patrick

Hatﬁeld and Patrick will i-en
ceive their [raining al schini <

and Nyc in
Chandler, Aiiz.

in a
lion

iae

(it idet

AFB, Salina, Kali. Hairley u-iiilpmccdures and \l' «
go to Otis AFB, Cape Cod, Mass. Haincid. uho \\'lll

Williams

Base wrgnntcni
dc rcc 0n

,puint train which they will tier
part [or training

The cadets will he schooled in
‘lt‘adershlp techniques. military l “m

Giinnoll Jliiie T. will he (mu-
,inissinncd a second
upon the Completion
iidining

He i\ la report in August for

AFB.

is dependent or his
the loeii-

homes. or the

ullli the Air Force 5,
Command
i Tile other cadets. all junioi
ieeeix'e their commissions
P0“) » » emHittpon giiidtlulion ti'om Gilnnell

'LidndtC trout, next year

because oucc the students geti

porale t . is of about sill billion

“Congress will acccpt or re-
lect this SCSSIOH proposals by
,thc President to rcducc auhstant
iaiiy Federal tax i'ntes on indr
vidual and corpo‘ratc income and
to revise the Federal tax sli‘uCr
turc," Dr, Bowen said in Gr i-
ilell Tuesday, “Our committee
will seek to gain wide-spread
public understanding and ace
ccptance of the nccd for action
‘in this session at Congress."

, Dr Bowen also said that the
'Kennedy administration’s eon-
lcern that an income tax reduc-
tion is imperative, ii the stabil-
ity oi the economy IE to be main-
.tained, is reflected in the or-
' anization of this cominitlee .

a Companion group to the Bus-

lArmy interviews
Will Be Monday

i An information aiiicer and
p-eprcsentatwe or thc United
iStaies Army will bc in Burlinv
ilibrary next Monday to this
view students interested in car
reers as oilicers in the US.
Army.

Interviews will take place
from 9 am. to 12 noon. Oppor-
ituniiies’ for women as nurses
,and dietitians and for men in
‘the two-year nﬁiccr candidate
‘sehool and direct commissions
lai‘c among those onercd stu-
ldents.

 

l
l A grant of $90,000 by the
lDantorth Foundation of St,
lLouis, Mo.. to support for three
years a Program in Urban Edu-
cation was announced this week
thy the Associated Colleges of
the Midwest and thchoard of
Education or the city at Citi-
cagc. The program is designed
to provide to undergraduates at
liberal arts colleges special
preparation [or teaching, inlarge
urban centers. The Associated
‘Collcgcs oi the Midwest. in ear
,cperaiion with
Education oi the City at Chi-
,cago. will institute the program
in Sepicmbcr 1963.

 

The Colleges participating in
‘the program arc Cornell, Gri

iicii, Knox. Monmouth Belo

Law ence, Ripon, Caricton. and
St. Olaf All are members of
‘the Associated Colleges or the
Midwest

l' Thc program will

‘studcnt teaching in the public
lschools oi Chicago uith iiktruc.
tion in uriian sociology aii
istudy of urban cducatinn Tucn.
‘tyVSlx studenls irom tlic incur
her coll _-cs have been selected
nor the lii'St year at the prtr
‘gram Grillnell's participant.
;Johii Mcarc, will teach history
at the secondary level

will be seniors in September
Eleven are preparing to be clo-
‘mcntary school teachers, Fit-
‘tecn aic preparing to teach in
,sccontiary schools The scctiir
ldaryrschoo] group includes slur
dents preparing to teach a wide
,rangc ot stibiccts including Eng-
llish. hisio t, biology. mathcrna.
'tirt, Frcnch and nussian All

colnli‘inr

Imulcnﬂnl't\\0nl)’rsix students '\\‘ill bc ini

Chicago tar sixteen necks
September 3 in Dcccmbcr

tron:
20

at Chicago and will have lie
lbl'ary and catctei-ia privileges at
‘thc Uni city The students
‘wili receive a iuii seinostci- or

the Board at l

They ‘

,Program in Urban Education
Boos’recl by Danforih Grant

ol academic credit from

colleges.

lterm
‘ihcir

Directing the program will he
Helen D. Berwzild. Associate
Professor of Educatinn, Carle—
ton College Assisting her will
be William D, Lewis. Assistant
Professor of Education, Knox
College. Anthony J. Coslonis of
;tho UniverSlty of Chicago will
,be the instructor in sociology.
The Board of Education of the
lCity of Chicago “in select spe-
,elnl supervising teachers to
lguidc the students and will de-
termine the student teaching
,‘aSSignments, Each student will
,have two sixuwcek teaching ex»
lpei-ienccs in sharply contrasting
leity school situations.

Foreign Servire

Exams Will Be
Given Next Fall

The Foreign Seiwlcc Officer
iExaln. sponsored by the Depart-
iDcpartmcnt of State Foreign
Sci-vice written examinations
will be given on September 7.
1963. in maior cities through-
out the United States.

To be eligibic to take this
examination, one must be {it
iicast 21 and undcr 31 years at
,agc as of July 1. ism, u th the
lcxccption that a person 20 years
‘oi age may be designated if as
lot that date he either has a
ibachelor‘s degree ci ha lcCc c.
ituih completed his ,ttiiiior year
’ i college

1 An oral examination will be
giicn to those who cuccc. tuiti-
i as rhc written test, and then a

(ltlty {is an lillorindtioii OﬂtteiiThcy will be housed in apm'l‘lnicdical and hack round investie
emslinents owned by the University‘gnlion will follow that test.

l Fui-thcr iuicrmatian on these
,tcsta is available in the Place-
incnt Ol'iiee tram Leforne

l Sequeira.

 

SCARLET AND BLACK Page Threo

rC/ea tier, Fletcher get Fulbright: 1

Charles G, Clctlver (English)
(anti Harold A, Fletcher (political
is ieltne) havc been c’i\ “(led ll‘ulr

Friday. May [7. [963

Student Ambassador Program
To Lure Students to Grinnell

A summer student nillbassm‘scniors during the Christmas roe
dor program, in uhich Grinncllruoss.
College students will attempt to Chapman Stressed that ii“; ‘ .
interest high school seniors in was not a mgomus Tecmmmm ibl'lghtrﬂays grants for the 1963-
thc college, has been announced drive,» but 2m Mommy mm ‘64 academic year
by SGA Premdcm Jack Chap» at tellrng.prospcctrvc students 4 , , _ , ;

Cleaver will spend the aca-
man. about (ha possibilities of aGrin- l

‘(lemlu year ill. the Institute of
tEuropcan and American llistory,
§Tohoku University, in Sendai, {

i Japan, He \Vill lecture on Amer
*ican liteiature and Civilization. :

l Cleaver has been a member all
-the Grinnell lacuity since 1956, '
fiHe received his bachelor's doe
i‘lgrce lrom Yale and his MA.
iland PhD. from the UniversityY

"of Minnesota

1' Fletcher will spend the y
l

in Paris researching French pd
litrcai systems,

 

Grinneil, and encouraging those

pant would be asked to contact,p.in in Roberts Theatre. The

lite at the college,” added Chap—j which has spent a large pa -t oil . ,
.l

According to Chapman, "The heir education,

program involves Grinnell stu. g
,Lenox Quartet

qualified to apply.” ,

“Freshmen and sophomores
approximately ﬁve home town;Quartci will pertorm Mozar s
high school seniors. providingi Quartet in B-tlat Maior. K. 539.
man. lthe scnicster on the G 'nneill

This program represents a dc—lcampus, arc Peter Marsh, violin,

dents contacting high school

seniors in their home town. givs

ing them information about

‘Pl T . ht

worild serve as the ambassadors} y 9

during the summer. During the The Lonox smng Quartet. Wm

momth of August, each partici- present a concert tonight at 8 .

them with printed inaterraliQuai-tet m A Minor, 0p 29 by

about Grrnnell and informally;Schubert ,and Barloli’s Quartetl

answering questions concerning,No. 5, Members or the Quar-tct /

Fletcher has been a member oi

ithe Grinncll faculty since 1956.

parture from the unsuccesslueraul Hersh, viola, Theodor-at iH° ”“9“?“ “‘5 “9‘9”” d?,

ambassador program which in‘Mantz, violin, and Donald lvlc- ‘grec from California and his

past years contacted high schooll Call. cello, i MA. and FhD irom Harvard.

fKnopf. To load
lots of Rice but little Fond for Tim glitr'SU D'scussmn

Kenyon A Knopf teconomic
was a discussion leader dui
Tuesday‘s session of a scmin.
on "Falmers in the hia‘r
Eatinomy,’ held at town State
University in Ames.

 

Charles Cleaver Harold Fletcher

 

In Thailand’

and once he settled on the right‘
tone everything was OK, To us.
it a word is pronounced core
red] in any (one \VC can l‘eC-r
ogn. it. but to the Thais this
tonal dillercnee is so great that-

Karen Adkinson ‘Tliai mca'ls: “Rica three times alThey Couldn’t imagine a boy?

S & l5 Feature Editor ‘day accompanied by Various showing that much respect IOI‘

"It isn’t the physical (lepi‘ivzv‘condilllents is the staple A fork::l girl," Miss Hamilton Conl-
lions you undergo in Thailand and soup Spoon are the utensils mentecl,

that are hard [0 adjust to. Go- The fork is used to shave l'ood‘ Living in a dorm lilih , ,'

in: Without hot water is nolhr ontn [he spomi from which the.non-English-s|)caking second and}

This discussimi was heltl l'tl-

ing,” said Ann Hamilton. 1962,pc
graduate who taught at Chiengl
Mar Academy, Thailand. ton tor
Grinnell’s Filth Year
program, “Coming from the bus- sci
tling and vital intellectual at-lcd
inosphere oi college to the lessistr
intellectually directed Thai 50- p-
ciety iequll‘cd a major adiust-‘
ment. lob
"Often 1 would get an awiul an

Abroad jun

rson cats."

At the Academy Miss Hzllnilr

i was an English teacher for
lors and seniors in high
1001 Hcl’ main duties include,
reviewing grammatical (‘On-l
uctions and Correcting the
nttncrations of the students,
“In one lesson we had a stoi-~
out a boy and girl on a date.
d I told them about dating

third graders helped Miss lianul-“ﬂ tonal Change llllCi’S the wold
ton learn the Thai language beyond recognition,”

"That, of course, is a tonal 0t her oun work, Miss llamil.
language, There are no distinctlton said, "Although the year i
tones and a given set at letters spent was immensely rewarding,
said in one tonc‘means an one i feel that the chart ot an ill-
tiiely diner-ant thing than the dividuai is so pitifully small and
same set oi letters in anothcrta year-i so little time The real
tone. Once l was asking street'progress will come from the era
directions and happened to uscilorts oi the Thais themselves,

craving to sit down and have illcusloms in the US, The girls

a slightly different (one on the

We can only educate them in

lowing a presentation by Prtt.
John B Shcahan, Williams Ctl-
loge, en "Malliet Porter in ‘rc
US. Economy- its Relation
Gruwth and Employment.” at
,thc meeting sponsored by the
unirer it Center for Ag'ictle
tural and Economic Develo}
lnent.

Earlier, Knopf Spoke and.
a discussion on the “Economic
e

lEnglrsh so they mav study here Of ”‘3 EWYWSE 53’5””) El

’and return to their countries toi“T0p Management Seminal,
by the name and had no idea spend not a year, but their-sponsored by the US. Ar ,y
what it could be. Finally he rig-whole lives in serving their Management Engineering Train-

ured out what the problem waslcountry," ,ing Agency, Rock Island, lll,

Salon Centennial Celebrated

On the door pt Fine Arts zoa,irig, e
is a neatly lettered sign, "Salanloj
des Rcttises“ inside on the lcit-
bulletin board are bright watcrrl
colors of all styles and a neatly:
typed Sign iihicii explains the‘

name oi the sheet, The pelson

~ali ioro o~-' h'v' i
re y rg us e nversation tound tis lesson hilarious and I asked was completely bamed

with someone, Getting news othriwcre really astounded when l
or than watered down shirt was told them about boys helpingl
a problem, tool-t the girl on and on with her

Miss Hamilton ~described theicoat, opening doors tor her, etc]

 

Newspaper Fund Announces
434 Summer Study Grants

Summer study grants tor 434 journalism. One section or the'
high school iournalrsrn teacherslUnivcrsity of Te. as seminar
and publication advisers havc‘will consider iunior college
been announced by The News- Journalism problems.
paper Fund.

will if it collslsled chieﬂy tivc title [or ‘ihis group of l\
abuse and ridicule, was ullir leIColUl's for which theie was
matcly profitable. mum in the galleries belott"

o

The Ncwspaper Fund {0110th
ships pay all expenses tor tur—
ition, ices, books, room and

board. it also pays large
share or travel expenses. Grants
lrom The Wall Street Journal
make The Fund's program 17057
,siblc.

Students Attend
lPlow-l” Confab

Because Gi’lnnell’s foreign stu—
ldent program is considered to
be onc ot the best responses to
the foreign student problem on a
small campus, the University
Peoplc~ta-Pcople spring confers
icncc asked Paul Courtright,
chairman ot the Foreign Stu»
dent Board at Grinnel], to di.
cuss the purpose, structure, and
reparation of Grinnolrs program
to be an e ample for othar‘
small colleges,

“Our little Salon dos Refusesi Edith Sternleld (all), instiga.
isn‘t so controversial as its far tor ot this salon, added, “Tae
mous lotchear as it is mere - room is open in the day and in
an oicrilow irem the main part Sunday atternoons for those
i ot the student show downstairs. wire would like to see the-e
the decree oi the Emperor 01W 1 u on u l U > f H _ ,, ]_ I, t 1‘ t
France, Napalm“ .111- it was, e lus iougi to to con. mi ier L,\cinlpe> e suten
yopcned m pans “S (M pmtcgtlicnninl year gave us a provoc, work.”

L M ‘ lBarnn Serves on National Groun,
Will Chart Activities of AAUP

;and sincerity at those aiii si
l Dr. Samuel H Baron. c’lsso-‘ gr its, under ithich he will t '

Teachers from 45 states
Washington, DC, and the Phil-
ippine islands will share the
study tellowships which repre-
sent an investment or $153,000
by The Newspaper Fund.

Under The Fund’s sponsor.
ship. these teachers will spend
up to 12 weeks studying scholr
astic and pl‘oft‘ssional journals
ism problems and techniques at
46 colleges and universities

2‘ ’Salon (les Picl'tls ' 1815371963.",

lit reads: “In the year 1563, by"

 

The Newspaper Fund was es.
tablished to intcrest young peer
pie in iournalism careers it
seeks to improve students-
knowledge of the profession by
introducing their teachers to the
latest developments in scholas—
tic and professional iournaiism.
Since 1959 more than 1,700
teachers have received these
graduate s c h o o l lellowship
grants, according to Paul S.
chnson, executive director,

"The particular ‘hut'licf was
the now lalnmls ‘Dejeuilcr sui-
l’Hel'be' by Edouard Manet. ace
knowlcdgcd leader of the groupl
i

Sionists.

who had been i-ciccicd by the:
lurv ot the oilierai Snlultisonl ‘
ct them 'iustlv indignant, nth
merely disgiuntlcd,
iate proicsser oi history at a leave of absence next year l'Jr
Grinnoll College, has been clect- iosca
ﬁler to be called We Impress ed to a [lil'cesyeur term on the Ont: giant uill allow him ‘0
lnationnl council of the American pursue a new pr icct, a study
. Association oi University Froles- oi the \Vesterni', tion of Ru ,
the innocumwlsors, brior to Peter the Great .co

. - E i l , t-rt’ ‘l . ”,l
‘ the [\incvilcin‘v The count“. 3 30M“ body)‘C-::l1l"timg on the iotr 1nd ll i
painter, Jamcs McNerll Whrsilcrnmeets mice annually m L m. r< 1“ 95‘

tthe Manet is now in the per» thc course oi the organization‘s Under a US USSR. exchanse
‘immmnt wiiccim or [he Louomiactivitics. Baron's elcction wils‘prograln ,diiectcd en the U. 3.
(he Whistle, in me leondllannounccd at the annual meet-,side by the Inter—Unite 'y

, ,' the organi ition held re-‘COmmllleu on travel gx
Gallci 01 Art, Washington, ”‘5’ 0f , . . , .
Dc) {the mam" W (umcmnbimmy in San Francis” inion \lill spend nine merits

in Moscow, doing research .:i
cited as marking the birth 01‘ Tire author of the book >lck— libraries and nrelricv
modern art, since it brought to-haor: The Father or Russian.
light. along with some SCColldﬁMal‘xtsin,"iwliich is to be pulr
rate work, certain artists in ads lished this summer by the Siaih
ditien to those mentioned above lord Unirei ity Press and simut
who were dcstined to make his tancously in England by Rout
tory; and the publicity given to ledge and chan Paul Ltd. —
what was then unorthodox paint. Bar-on has also received two

“Another \\'
‘White Glil' by

Teachers receiving g r a n it 5
choose to study at either regu-
lar summer school sessions, or
a seminars—especially organized
pl'ogrilmsiwhlch bring togellhcl‘
teachers having common prob
lems related to school journal-

ism.

Four other Grinnell students
attended the cont’erence on Mztyl
ll! to learn more about People“
ltorcople’s otgallication and
vied for 13 campuses. ineludcdlscl'vmes and haw they could
is an “advanced seminar” at Ins: Possibly strengthen and add to
diam University for teacher“ the Grinncll ioreign student pro-
with special skills in highschoaLgl‘ﬂm in the White-

He also has a giant irom \i‘e
,Amer on CUullCil of Learncd
Societies to cover three niontn

ot research in Western Europe,
He expects to do most of it
l'cst‘z ch in England and tub.
land.

This year seminars are salted» :

 

 

 

Page Four

SCARLET AND BLACK

{ohm Pans Home team! Fihli‘igs

Peter Cohon. presidcnt ot the hon expressed his hope that dc lsuch things as change grades t
ColHP. was named chiet prose—’sired rule changes could he a
cutor of that group at a meeting coniphshed. and that “if no get

\Vcdnesday night.

Also, Coholl

these things through.

l At Grinncll a key was prob—l
.alily used to gain access to the;

called on the house pl‘eSldents gall-lg to have to utillze student turned off and to gain cntl’tlncc‘,
to work Wlthln (he sltldcnt court' Cottl’to as Opposed to the house

system l‘alhcr than through the
extravlegal house council fining

process.
In Wednesday's

Tan Lnﬁon
Baby Oil
Sunburn

Kleenex

PHARMACY

“’here liersunal service
is- our motto

meeting Co»t

. ‘slbllllies,”

council fines,”

Stephen E. Wood, dean or
men, revealed that in conver-
sation with Evan Walden tB&G)
land Merritt Ludwig (vice pres-
ident ot the college) and in as-
sessment of last week‘s riots he
has discovered that some stu-
dents may have possession or

the college currently uses.

Expressing
such a missing key, Wood noted
that master keys have been
used at other colleges

into lhc quad

Wood called on the Comp
members, old and new, to try
to ﬁnd this key, as the cost at
replacing college locks would be
l‘lllgil.

Peter Wolf. chiof magistrate
‘ot the primary court, told lhcl
Coil-1P that "apprehension in
all cases musl’bc immediate."
lot all witnesses and not rely
‘offlcer alone. t

In answer to a question posed

that group that convictions do
not go on student’s transcript
but go into it Illc in the Dean

we are Burhng lights when they were;of “10“.; BMW Tm mom mo

Dean noted. can come into play
when graduate school and Job"
recommendations must be made ‘

l

Orchesis Elec‘ls Officers

Orchcsis. the modern (lance‘
club on campus, has elected ofet

:hcers tor the coming year. LesslAir
a master key to the locks which He told the CufHF to make use he Silver Will be president und‘ College Military awards and the

Pam Draemel. vice president‘
5ccl‘clal‘ystl’easurer, Betsy snraa

gue, publicity, and Gail Zivin.j

to do by a CDIHP member, Wood told historian. l

Friday, May l7, I963

William C. Barlon "
To Address ROTC

The Deputy Chlef ol the Per-
sonnel Services Division ot the.
U 5, Air Force's Strategic Air
Command will be the leatured
speaker at forinal diningsin
ceremonies at Grinnell next
Thursday evening according to-
college AFROTC otficials.

He is Colonel William G. Bar—
ton. a graduate of the University
of Neyada with over 20 years
active duty in the Air Force,

Eight Grinnell AFROTC cadets
will be announced at the dinner
as winners of mayor honors in-
cluding the General Dynamics,
Force Times and Grinnell
Officers

Reserve Association

his concern ovcrion the word of [he apprehending lOthcl’ officers are Ellie Smitth,'Cel'tlf|cate.

Grinnell Cadet Commander.
tor mos-tit will also be named
at the dinner

 

British historian Arnold J,
Toynbee concluded his series of
public lectures at Grinnell Cole
tlege Monday night, declaring
lthat “the only capital that the

‘human race possesses is the gift-
edness of its gifted alixistyi”

Speaking on “World-Wide Soc
lclal Justice: Demands and Poss
in an appearance at
tHei'rick Chapel, the college‘s
lJohn R Heath visiting professor

 

 

 

 

VI'ilI the person who burrowed my white dinner jacket

please return it immediately.

lP!

Bill Morail‘lv Ext 451

 

 

3 Blocks
east of
campus
on U5. 6

TASTEE'
FREEZ

Sundues—Mqlfs

 

 

oi history added:

“Fortunately there is no fund—
amental contlict between the
universal rights ot the run-Dis
the—mill maiority and the spec-
l ial rights of the gitted minority.
The gitted minol'ity’s natural
gifts are not Just gifts for them~
selves They are gitts tor the
whole human race.

“Belng giitcd is not the same
as being gooc the historian

added. “Only the pursuit of God
gives us the chance of being
good, and the pursuit of God is
Iopen to all human beings.

“Therefore gitted human be.
ings are always under the tempt.
lation to take an uniust advant—
age over their natural ,gifts.
lNatui-al gifts give their possess-
ors power over their less gifted
tellow human beings. Power is
not evil in itself. But a pos-
sessor of power is under tempt-
ation to abuse his power by us-
ing it. not publlcsspiritedly, but
selfishly.

“If the gilted minority is to
make its gifts bear fruit, it must
lhave leisure to cultivate them.
in must be relieved or having to
’pl‘aduce the food on which it
tlives, in other words, it must
the led by the work of the m
lof—tlie-mill majority. It the rn
:nority did not receive this ser—
tvice, it would not be able to
1develop its gifts.

l “But in accepting a service,
‘ committing itself to that

it is
duty of using its gifts unselfish—l
ly in the general interest. The
improvements in lite that Itl
achieves through the use of its
:gitts ought not to be monopolized
for itseli and its friends and.
relatives; the benefit ought tel
be shared with the rest ot sos‘
‘cicty. This is one of the ties
tmands made by social nistiee."

Staying on
Dr Toynbee made
tlionzll observations:
‘ “Nobody opposes social jus
‘ticc in principle or in the alr
lstract, but agreement ends when
we attempt to make our own
definition ot it.

1 “Such disagreements

the same themCi
these addis

arise

 

 

KEEP COOL

Grinnell's complete slyle shop for women
Something new every day.

WITH

SPORTSWEAR
on

DRESSES
Now AT

POYNTER'S

 

 

because human beings are;
neither completely equal to oust
another, nor completely unequal t
We are all equal in some re
specls and it is just that, at
these points, we should have;
equal rights. In other points
equality might not be just.

“For instance, we all have the
right to lite and liberty, and l
deliberately omit ‘the pursuit of
happiness' irom this list. I be-
lieve that if one pursues happi-
ness, it eludes him. But if one
pursues God and finds Him, he
might Just incidentally find haps
piness

“I do not believe we all have
an equal right to the pursuit of
beauty, truth, knowledge, and
skill We have a right to pursue
these boon: only in so far as we
have a natural gilt for pursuing
them. In these fields, humans‘
are unequally endowed by na-
ture This is a natural ilijusticei
(or which man is not morally re~
sponsible, and which he cannot
undo. It is one of the facts of
life that we have to accept. ,

“A characteristic feature of’
our age is that the majority care
more for equality than tor lilo-l
arty Liberty and equality are'
always in tension with each
other. Unrestricted liberty
would produce an intolerable
inequality; unrestricted equality
would stifle liberty and paralyze
the naturally gifted individual‘st
use of his gitts. Liberty and.
equality can only he adjuslcdl
to each other by compromise;‘
they Cali'only be reconciled by

 

‘i'l'aternity; and human fraternity,

can only be achieved as an inch.
dental result of finding God. .

“The extraordinary recent de-v
velopnients of technology seem]
to be producing two different;
etteets, which pull in opposite;
directions to each other. Byl
creating abundance, technologyl
has evoked a demand for equal-,
ity among the poverty-stricken‘y
naiority ol' mankind. But at the

me tune, the special naturah
glits that make scientists and
technicians have become so iin-l
poi-tant to society that societyt
has had to provide special con-
ditions loi- learning and doing‘
their jobs, and these are condi—
tlons of social privilege t

”It would be unjust to rcluse
them the special lacilities they
need » umust to the gifted in-‘
diviclual to deprive him or the

'Toynbce concluded,

:Toynbee Ends Series, Talks on Social Justice

chance of using his giits, and
unfair to society as a whole to
be deprived of the henetits the
gitted minority is able to pro-
duce,

“In the society of our day,"
“there will
be an impulse on the niaiority's
.side to trustrate the gifted m4
dividual, and there will be an
impulse on the gitted individual's
side to abuse the power that his
gitts are bound to bring social
justice is an impeifcct compro-
inisc between contlicting re—
quil‘emenls. It needs to be sup-
plemented by brotherly love."

New Members
Are lnil'ia'lecl

At a Delta Sigma Rho loans
ouct held Tuesday night, new
oﬁiccrs were named, new mem—
bers were initiated, and the
merger of Delta sigma Rho with
Tau Kappa Alpha. another hon~
orary forensic fraternity, was
announced.

New Sigma Delta Rho orficers
are: Eric Jacobson, president;
Phil Johnson. vice president; and
Ralph ci-att, secretary.

New members initiated. into
that group are Vance Opperman.
Phil Johnson. Ann Delugach and
Donna Jo Briley.

W

NOW SHOWING

CHARLTON HESTON
SOPHIA LOREN

"EL CID'T

STARTS SUN DAY
GREGORY PECK

"TO KILL A
MOCKINGBIRD"

l _______—

 

BEVERAGES—

EXTRA

SPECIAL!

EXTRA

COLD!

REFRESH
YOU RSELF!
AT
THE

VAR

SITY .

 

Friday. May I7, 1963 SCARLET AND BLACK

of All?”

Members of the “Know Your Neighbor"
luring

Panel Discusses Racial Problems

The belief that world peaceiwomen who embark on a clois~chr education turned into a hair
and unity cannot be realized une tin-ed lite, dicap when she repeatedly re.
til man accepts his fellow man Sister Mary assured the midi. calved the» reply that she would-
on his virtues rather than his;ence um she had led Wm 3 nt be comfortable in such a tab
creed or race was advanced by normal lite and that she had beenuse she had “such high
the “Know Your Neighbor" pan-.bccome a nun for reasons sim- qualiﬁcations."

Panel discuss race problems in Youllkel‘

:.and business administration mdg

Page Fiva

Housing Available Monclay
Mary S. Jones, Alumni 5c ,
v, has announced that
. may come lo the Alunitli
Talk in é el :cc beginnlng Monday to v.-
‘ housing assignments i'or

Commencement guest §.

George St Angelo, chalﬂmn‘E »h senior nill he allo l

01' NDI‘UI Central College, Na-‘space Jor three guests in the

‘pcmlle, Illmms, wﬂl speak in‘colleee iesidenee halls and must

the chapel Sunday at [1'30 , in my rm. their guests: m. .1 3.
His sermon title will be, “Lordhmm whan they are made

Miss Jones also has requcsicd

ithat seniors do not delay in
St. Angelo was born and grew making regemﬁon

‘Sl'. Angelo lo

‘ up in Huntinghurg, Indiana and;

graduated with political science

Planning A

qu'l'y?

Hungry for good

1 Baked goods?
After World War I! he servrt‘

led in the Signal Intelligence‘
Corps in Europe and attended
London University studying po-.
litioal smence. He was ordain;
ed in 1949, and served pastor i
ates in San Pierre and lndian.;
apolis, Indiana. In 1954 he was‘
a delegate to the General Con-‘
ference, and the year after was
vice-president or the Churchl
Federation in lndianapolis.

jars [mm North Central Col-‘
lege. He was active ln debated
athletics, draniatics, and studenl‘
government, serving as presi-i
dent oi the student body.

Order cakes. cookies.
and puslries from

91 last Wednesday evening m ilar to those of a boy uho leA

Younker lounge. icepls Ihe rigorous life or a mllril
The allswoman panel. compose itary academy ior the renardsi

cd of a Catholic, a Jew, a Ne-‘to he gained,

gro, and a Protestant and a “ma-i SN“. Mary, who 3 me mm

Jm‘iw" “‘Odel‘alm‘v prese“ledlcipal or a Catholic girls schools

The role oi majorin groups
was discussed by Mrs. L17.
Kruidenier. She stressed that
the members or the nl'djol‘lly,
while enjoying many advantages,
must realize certain respon. bil-

St. Angelo has served as‘
chaplain of North Central Col-
lege since 1955. He is lndl’l‘lcd‘
and has two daughters and at

 

923 Broad St.

their personal stories and ex— said that she had “Med 3 ca, ‘son.

pressed their hopes lol‘Iendillal‘Qel. in teaching to m that
realization of a “iicighhorly'lmung people grew up to “like
“Ol‘ld- people Mr themselves,” an idea

Mrs Arthur Stein, Jiz, (herbﬂslﬂ in American tradition but.
moderator, told the audience all too otten neglected in homes
that the panel nas established:
because it was telt that “better-
human relations can come only

. . V ‘ 7,plained the problems and hopes
”“Wgh “"dmdual ““de‘S‘and tor the American Negro. She told}

mg- _ ,how her parents had stressed
MYS‘ S‘e‘" ”sewed ”‘3‘ Wh‘lelgetting a college education. Art-l

we have made great scientiﬁc!er gmduamg from a segregated

ad”??? “”15“” “11““; “Enjlsoulhel‘n college, Mrs. Glamon‘
"mm“‘mn ‘“ “”9" ° Eltwent to Des Moines and ab;

races and creeds" ‘t L , _ }
My; Km Goldman mentionﬂ elnp ed to obtain a cleiical iah.

ed the problems of Jewish per—l
sons in society. She related that!
during the depression year-5|
there was an unusually strong)
antieSen-lnlc reeling in the Unit—I
ed States and that this prcjudicc=
had kept her from becoming a‘
teacher in rural lowa.

|
Sister Mary Denisi told of that
disbelief that she encountered

, FRESH DAllY '
when she became a nun Many

people, she mentioned, think of‘ DANISH ‘MAID BAKERY

a nun as being so dlﬂ‘erem \llaL‘
they question the mental and: "Ohighogvgmuﬂ

emotional soundness of young}

We Can Solve our Storage

DON'T WAIT UNTIL EXAM TIME—
STORE YOUR‘WINTER ITEMS NOW

WE PROTECT YOUR CLOTHING FROM
MOTH DAMAGE

NO MORE WORRIES ABOUT CARRYING HOME SUITCASES FILLED WITH
CLOTHING WHICH WON'T BE USED UNTIL NEXT FALL

ties, the greatest oi which is in
ho area of human relations, She
asserted that “it is not enough
to deplore prejudice unless we
are willing to ﬁght it: n is out"
ohlieation to know and give the
The wire or Des Monies ti-airjiaetsy ,
tie judge Luther Glanton exe'

 

 

i Besl Pizza. in Town

PATRONIZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS

and Besi Service Too

AHRVANO'S '

Open Till 12:00 P.M. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday
Free Delivery 6:00—12:00

 

 

 

 

 

 

roblems

DROP lN—EITHER NORTH OR SOUTH AGENCY

CLAIRE'S CLEANE

809 5TH AVENUE PHONE 236-5679

 

 

 

Page Six

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, May 17, I963

Fa V0 d Grime/I to Defend Conference Tree/r lit/e:

Today and tomorrow the Grin-
nell track team will be dclend.
ing its Vlidn'cst Conference
crown at Nol'tllﬁcld, Minn. Alter
winning the indoor title thi
year, the Pioneers are lavored
to capture this mcct also. ‘

Individual Giinnellians whol
Coach Dick Young recls shouldi
win their special events

are' l
B r u c e Beekord, quarter—milcr;

who tied the school record thisfand Dick Landis and Conlerencei
year with a 248.9 eiiort; halfelmilc and two-mile.champ Bill‘

milel‘ JE‘I‘I Langham, who has
run 1:56 7: Gene Kmvel'l, who's

gone 12710 in the pole vault,
and derending champ Bob Hair
rill, who leaped 23-8 this season
in broad jump. The Drake Relay
champion Grinnell mile relay
team should also win their event
ror the Pioneers.

The strongest challenge to the
Scarlets should come from Car.
nell The Rams are sending a
strong contingent to the meet,
headed by sprinters Bill Trench

Dressel. Rick Tonick and Mike
Scohcy will he going lor Cora

Netters to Play in league Meet
After Splitting last Two Duals

A Grinnell tennis team of
Guy Ashton, Jim Smith. Larry
Shannon, Ken Clymer and Bob
Bramson play today and tomor—
row in the conicl‘cnce meet at
Northiield,

In the final two dual meets
of the season. also at Nol‘thﬁcld,
the Pioneers lost to Carleton 7-2
last Friday and beat St, Olaf
673. The Carleton meet. was the
first conference defeat for the
nettei’s who wound up with a
7-2 dual mark,

l

Grinnell's number one man
Ashton was beaten tor the first
time this year by Carlelcn's‘
Larry Hush 6-4. 6-1. The only]
winners for Griniiell against‘
Carleton were the number three‘

lAshton and Bl‘amson, and Smith
bath lost.

In spite of the Pioneers loss
to Carleton, coach Edd Bowers
,expects them to have a good
lchance for the conicrence titlc
"II everybody plays their best
tennis and we get some luck
we can win,” was Bowel's‘ coin—
ment.

Bowers made one big change

in personnel by switching Cly-
nier into the tour position, re»
‘placing Bob Bramson. Clymer,
who played sixth man most oi
the year, dcicated Bramson in
a match this week and is con—
sidered the steadicr player by
Bowers.

Other players \Vlll remain in

Hell in the middle distanccsﬂthc 100 and 2120, respectively}

Gary Bli‘it? will help out in the are tops in the loop. 1
.iieights, and Mike Creighton Bcloit and Monmouth, \Vlthl
should he a point winner tor the well rounded teams. are expectsl
Rams in the high jump ed to glvc the leadeis a run tort

Oilicr individual standouts inlthcir money, Home team Carina
the Conference are scattercd ton, a third-place nuishcr last
ithroughout the other schools. year, is not expected to rise
Ripoii's willy Alexander is la. above ﬁfth in this meet .
vorcd to Win the high Julnp Rod Brown. who beat Dressel
alter reaching 6-6 consistently in the mile at the indoor Con-‘
during the season John Thicl, ierence meet but who lost to
Carleton shot putter, has been hm‘ m, a triangular met last
ﬂirting Wm 50 ML an year) week, is eapeeted to ﬁnish high

in both the mile and twormilc
and the 96 and 21.6 times by

today for Grinnell. Detendlng‘
John Kcrsemeier at Lawrence in Conference champion high jump—

Sonicthing new in sports spec—
itacles will be offered Sunday
;attcrnoon when the Grinncll lasl
1ci-osse club meets the squad-l
Iii-om Coc College on Mac fielzl.l
Both teams, formed within tl‘tei
last year, are made up or be
tglnners in the spoilt. The Grin
'ncll players banded together“
st this spring and have been,”
practicing in back oi Youiikcr‘

The game or lacrosse cons}
cerns the throwing or a hard
rubber ball, slightly smallerl
than a tennis ball, with a web-
netted
dling”
ability

Jack
out (le attempting to (lodge
Jeiry ' (1, another attack

i

is the most important limit and starts his shot.

in the game, according »

 

inan Shannon 0.4, 6-1 over Jlm'itheip usual order with Ashtondo one player. The lield is di-

Keenan and the number two
doubles team of Smith
Brainscn 673, 176, 6-4 over

Keenan and Tom Allen. i

At St. Olaf the team won livei
of Six Singles matches, but the‘

one and two doubles teams of

TlPTﬂ TALL GOLFERS l
iyllrellseone l

l
. 32’».

First and foremost DON'T
sLoucul Straighten your back:
and Crouch at the knees. To
steady your stance, assume a.
position that is slightly wider
than normal.

Call [it lz McGl'egor swm/er
and SWL'IIIH Slllr! and discover
Irecdoiit...ihnnk: lo M:-
Gregoi":17ro-desiglled resilient
knilx.

(See our total collection
of McGregor Gullwear

PPESTON'S

“Marty" Church, Prop.

 

‘ one,

in number one doubles and

Smith and Ei‘amson in number,

two.

The players are seeded
each dlvislon, Bowers

1 Ashton
l

in
expects
to get a number two
seed. Smith possibly a third or

fourth seed and unbeaten
Shannon to get the top seed.
The two doubles teams could
get third or fourth seeds.

Singles matches are played tos

iaay, doubles matches tomm-mw_lagainst 24 other small colleges the Pioneers

is rinw ni'len at its new uiisliir. Innziliallilcros: {tall the Strand.

‘ Smith two and Shannon
and‘tliree, and Ashton and Shannon:

vidcd
tcontaining a goal six icet by s

into two halves, each

foot,

er Kent Roeci-son, has been
reaching see all season. but will
probably have to scttle tor a
second place this year. .

John Edgi'en, Pioneer hurdler

iii-ho beat Coc‘s dclcnding champ

Tony McCoy in a lilrnieet eal'lis
er this season, should ﬁnish high
in both hurdle events, and cool
win them, Sprinter Fred Berg,
who won both clashes in this
meet last vear. has recuperated
train a pulled muscle at Drake,
and will gain points in these'
events Sophomore Ron Schachcl
is a dark horse in the sprints
for the Pioneers.

lacrosse Club to Play Coe

Al Russmziu’s body check.
1min, moves in to help him.

”055° SUCk- “SLle'l‘mV i1“ the picture on the right, Jay Cutler (lodges the defense-

 

last Saturday at Elmhurst, ille;
nois.

Scoring lorty points, seven
more than second place Mil son,
were never scr-
iously threatened, Cliicl con-
tributer to this victory was Jeri
Langham.

In the lirst

By Tom Lane ‘

Grinnell won the class B diet
Visiun of the Elmhurst Relays

l

 

eompctive mile‘
or his career, Langham won in
4:201. only 1 second oil the‘
Grinncll record. In his spccialty,l
the title, he also ran a 1:55 7,‘
once again only 1 second short
ol tying the current school mark

This time also lelt him only
.4 second short or the Conrei»
lence record and makes him the
favorite in todays Conlerenoel
championships, lie completed,
his victorious triple by i'unningl
a leg on the Winning mile rclayl
team,
Both Bruce Beckord and Johnl
Edgrcn also won points in thrcci
dilierent events, Beckol'd Iinlslirl
ed second in the 440, tourth in
the 880, and was a member pl
thc mile relay tcani, Edgreni
joined him in the relay victory‘
and linishcd second in the high‘
hurdles and a close third in the,
laws. 1

In the two mile run, Rod,
,Brown tinished second and Paul,
‘Pntterson took rilth. Sophomore}

 

 

 

NEED TO STORE SOME ITEMS?

WE'LL

We mean items like lamps. bookcases. bicycles, Typewriters, etc.

STORE THEM FOR FREE ,

Have your typewriter cleaned and ready #0 go when back in Sept. l

GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY ‘

927 Broad Street-

Grinnell. Iowq l

"" l

, still

, iiccrs to

l fifth

‘Trac/r Squad Wins at Elm/rurst

John Russell linishcd fifth ir
the quarter mile and was on the
victorious relay team. Other
point producers were Kent Rog-
erson, second in the high jump.
and Gene Kowcrt, one or the
iew remaining polcsvaulters who
hasn't switched from the
metal to the new iigcrglass pole,
went out at twelve icet to place
second,

Koiicrt rcinjured the knee
which had given him trouble in
lootball He now has a minor
case at \l'atersondhedmee and
joms previously iniurcd Pioneer
trackincn, Bob Hariill and Fred
Berg All three are douhtrul ens
tries in today's conrei-ence iiicct,

Fresh linksmen
Defeat Cornell

The Griiincll ireshman golr
team completed their season
With a gel record \\hen they
del'catcd Cornell on Tuesday.
The scoring system used at the
Gi-iiiiiell couise tor this match
was modalsmedaldnedal. with
two best ball team matches scor—
ed lliC same way.

Al Wheeler's 79 led the Pie—
tile14~7 victory He
scored three points over his op-
ponent and led hi best hall
team to zit points Wheeler's
partner. Al Peterson, scored an
84 Jeri Kohlman turned in the
second lowest score or the day
with’an 82, good roi- three points.
The best hall tcam ol Kohlmnn
and John Moe also won meld
Steve Parbcr, playing in the
a position won his match
_-1.

The fl'eslimcn’s two victories
over Cornell and one over Coe
kept up their unbcatcn record
against contcrence competition.
Their loss earlier in the season
to lowa State, however, ended
the previously unblemished rec»
ord oi Crinncll rrcshman teams,
Freshman eoli has a rive year
history at Grinncll.

 

May I7. 1963 SCARLET AND BLACK Page Seven

Scarlet Fever G lfers to Competein loop/Meet

1” Leu Czilotlliev ‘
S§B Sports Elliltil' A By 884}! Stuff Writer ‘Siiice lhcn Griilnoll has liliish-vavei’agcd 79,88 strokes per man

i The unttereateu Grlnneil Cal-‘ed second twitew third and filth this year Although this is
As “$th the mce [hr the mythic.” hhﬁhhrts title inllcgc gull teem will attempt lo‘ulloo The pioneers holtln reeorel slightly higher than thC_:l\'cl'-

the h‘hvest Confewme i hm m be deemed .h (hh and the eohrerehee chumptoilshof 3771575 Over these SIX years..age lor the 15753 team In the

.. ‘ . . .. . . . i 3 . . , , ‘ ., ,lshlp to their round when they‘ Carleton. Knox, Belott. and‘champiohship meet, it is lower

blggeSL 5130‘“ “ “1‘9““ 0'. U“ l““-.1"dt‘-‘ “"1 ”mm?“ l travel to Iloehester, lilinnesote.1Coi-neli should provide the by .12 than the average over the

‘llt’ MCAC ‘l l ll 1 b’ttl "t 't l “ ‘

d e“ A A Vstmos WI le_ d We 01 0D ‘0"015 mlFriduy. The championship willltouehest resistance to the PIC? season oi that team.

the truck, tennis and golf Conlerence meets be decided over 36 holes playtilccr hopes However. Grinnell‘ Selim-"rm “ha has averaged

Going mm tlli. ﬁnal weekend, 6‘ nneh nutl Carleton Fi-ioay afternoon and Salureloyihas ‘tleieateel all these teams in only strokes per round, will
moining dual meets during the year. Tholhe Hg [or Grlnneli's second

lire Armin lezttliilO' the [lat-l: fol' tlle crown. with the Pio‘ G‘

= D. , , . . iinncll last won the crown Pioneer team of Dave Sellelv‘ ~‘h ‘ ‘-

neel's only one point zll‘lelltl. Sctll'lll-g‘lli the ruce is on the; in loss, when they had a 74 gml. Em hhhm.’ RUSS Harden‘ite‘xsiﬁowé'l‘ld‘h’gc‘ﬂu xii ‘2‘“th
.l.);lEilS of llltlcos each school has tllllshed >1“ the ten Mltlv‘ teem-d going mm the mCCLiRlL‘h Fuller, and Dave Bum hélsla score M 150‘ Sellergrcn’s 70
west Conference sports. With low score \Vlllnlng‘. l lat the Drake invitational is the

Compiling ll total of a points to the Ctllls' 26 in se\'- lowest score a Pioneer has had
'th Drake in the five years that

on sports so l'.il'. the Pioneers jumped ott‘ to a lead iii the B b H T ' t ‘_ _
jllll season when they place first ill football hull second illE as@ a cam Ins ne 0 our lemcu has compel“ “10W
cross country to Clix-letoli’vs championship ill the latter but‘: 1 —‘

sixth place showing on the gridiron. lVPt‘Iith the rank: of its pitchrngltjhis 31:52:13”! commented COﬂChlGirg Net%ers Beat
. . . sa cut a hr 1' an mun olu tits 1 “Sti - . ..:
As the ““1“?" 505mm mic" ‘0 “ “1059- the (“1'15 1”Chad to Cal Collier. the Gimnell b‘asL‘y—‘somo hi-leiit'snotsil aiiflﬁrriiiiEIS‘
in ground. Basketball anti indoor truck kept thin . e\l0l1.‘ba“ team managed to sai\.agh.fe\\. hmhhswh mum have ﬁnish 33% a F. t M 1'
“t (“C his; Sulprlses mime in the other two SPO Lone“ only one l'ictoiy in tour {James ed 3-4 instead or 4.3 I thihlt. Ell ”S - ee
time swimming power, the Scarlets finished it weellt sixth last week. Fl‘ldﬂy they lost 8- .the boys learned some le — ms
to Carleton’s .t which Put the Cm- - One point hhehtl, to Knox Saturday they shirt a‘thnt \Vlil make them better lxtll- . Grmnell women Eliminated
and 11' predictions hzitl been right they would have picked dOllblel‘Ci‘dU" “"01 Mmlmmlm players in the future," “1 “‘0'“ WSL competitive tennis

, . - .. _ - . - t 3- ‘ . . _, winning the lust game 7 and, play In two years last Sunday
{lumen mm... nestltﬁi 3.i‘fténw'eiiiElimi-"li with;(napping the 5mm. 9 an... hn inwa- went they new a than en.
“31" 0 0 l0 .\ L“; < H > . “ . - f _, _ _ Tuesday the Pioneers wound up , ‘ n lowa State University at Ames,
this 51) 't to keep things even going into the splint: seavlthé conform“ season With a 674 fill-“M myth: 3. Weather forced the may“: i
son. , loss to One ltnitnnn. nuns... ainn twinn. ‘ side. but three mainllES were

, , , . ‘ . . e l ._ , W "m“ sueeessiuily Completed in Darby
Neither team did “ell ln baselinll, but (.llnnell inched Ba v Ande 0“ and Dell“) gym, beginning at 2 in thc af.

1 ) in‘. finishing ninth to it Cal'l lust, moving into the Hallssen WHO 1)" $581 into mm" when ' _
Filzni 113m; ‘ time eluty over the [our game a. hell - WWW-

‘Shmh “.th Com“. who had ‘lmhiinhwl- . . The matches. played on Sun-
In the goll‘ meet at Rochester, Minn, defending: champ been scheduled to pitch Satur-l day, ran as ioliottvs;
Beloit and Knox are both given a slight edge over Came. day. hurt his leg in the Knox‘mmmmnh WM”, Carol Krermeh (G) defeat—

. - . - a d could not compete . - . ea Verna Kern (1) 8:3.
2 rl Grin ell; so, an olle oi the foul could Will the‘game 1“ . bliiilwll oomph _ l |
hm‘dlm V.“ 5‘19 other loin“). three pmcs Asthe coaches Anderson pitched the Fridaylunaual-lh (helium-a .mtl \\llll.lwll.‘ Judy Tegger (G) delehten
UH ('1 “l l l v ‘ ' game, then came in to pitch in. -"“‘“‘ ""“ "m Becky Neilsen (1) 8‘6.

themselves nicked ill the P10119913 1““ 9“”5 W?” “l f“ the tourth inning or Saturday's; Ann Van Guilder and Carol
rlehcl heat for the runnersul) spot: so, “0 DOmlS may Change second eontest. Hanssen pitched Monmouth ml: in. . . Yenawine to doubles) lost to

hands here. a complete game in the OPBIlBFiI“iii‘it&e‘i-ien , llattws.iii“".in.i hilt .n. Becky Neilsen and Pat Neil-

In tennis, however, Carleton is the definite favorite, ﬁgh'igg33:,L'lﬁ;cgm1;§n}i:;;<gz1W"- W“ l“ “"l with sen (I) 5.8.
with Gl'innell piehetl 21 strong second. It' all things turn out the windﬂhl He also pitched
as predicted here, the deciding factor Will be the truck‘Tuesday-s gan1e_ .
meet ‘ The Pioneers finished the year-l

With about the strongest team in Grinnell llistoi‘y,iwltll an 4A8 Conference record»
the Pioneers are picked to capture this one, with Beloit‘They finish the season witlii
or Cornell taking the number two spot. With the 03,51“ doubleheader at Carleton to-i
picked to do no better than ﬁfth, this fourepoint n‘i-all‘gin'moymw ;
should be enough to assure the Pioneers the satisfaction. l
of having the best teams in the Conference. ‘

 

 

 

 

 

“I would have to say I aml
disappointed over our record

. 7 , _.___ l

!M SOFTBALL STANDINGS

w n ‘ WAYNE'S STEAKHOUSE SAYS: 3 ' ..

GAMES REMAINING
(Come on Dawn)

Today _
Cowles vs. Langoh

 

South
Clark
Dibble
Rnwsnn
Langan .
Cowles
East
Smith .
West ..
North

wwwwehmaamq
maambbwwaH

Gates vs. West
ﬁloudny For a good meal anytime.
Dibble vs. South

 

 

 

YOU STORE YOUR VALUABLE
PAPERS IN A VAULT

FGR SAFETY . A short walk is good for you. But when you really
want to travel you can’t beat Greyhound for going
places at lowest cost. In 'fact Greyhound costs less
w ‘ thantrains, planesordrivingyourself.my,

GO GREYHOUND. . . AND LEAVE THE DRIVING TO US.

WHY DON'T YOU STORE L ' _ 3
YOUR CLOTHES lN A , , , _ . : lWai‘ ILT- Minneapolis 9.20!6.63

Des Moines 2.00 3.60 Iowa City 2,“) .135

VAULT ALSO? Newton so 1.45

Chicago . 3.20 “.80
. - 23612182 £0-
The safest storage yuan ‘ St. Lmus 9.20 13.60 I mere

i, i' ' 6' ii. _,
IOWA . in Hunt? aieotoc than....ataannulmentnominal nthheinshthth.
CLEANERS ‘ REMEMBER:

new on .nah Dy melanin entha Unit's u 5 mm m news and casts win he.
Nor all cleaners store

Phone Texano Station

iniommtion

The safest- siarage vault- k
5 .~ ti N - ,
mm M ' mm Make sure they re safe.

‘ U . i / o e a - i
, , .und leave the drum to us

 

 

 

Page Eighi SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, May l7, W63

Fros/z Basebal/ers Win Finale1 5‘“ 9““5'511i1‘i1‘1i'1” 11.111.

The he<hmun 11ascb1111 tca111 a11c1 1111121 runs had scmcd 1o Chady second base Peie K1111.1 o 51111days—s 1.111., 10 um. 111-111 423011.111.
nmshcd 11s season Monday 111111 111-mo a1 1he 6- -5 margin. - 111a11 slimisiop: Mthe Sta1111;‘ 0 “ednest‘IaYS—A a.m.. Eucharist

r d —4 o 1.111 Euchar's1
a 6. “m 0w Coo 9t Catt" Staxting 1111 the Pmncm's wcrc 1111111 base thson 1211111111- 13111 2 Dalgyson 05:91.115 .1111. 1111a 9:39 11.111.
Rapids. 1111111111; beaten Simpson

1111 1o 111 to Come” [he “Mh Tilly, p11c11c1; Nick Nonas. caich- chbach cc111e1 nci11 111111 1<11s1 F1 Prehie,v1uara1111 Chapmh

1 s r ' 1 ' » -

€0,111)“qu 271 [mud 11111 111c er. Ke1t11 Zola, ﬁrst base, Dick Nash 11;.1111r1e111
' 1 1 . .

5015011. 1

Leadmg 3.: going into thc;
cighih. (he Homers 111111111111 (he &
gap 111111 11 two 1111 spree 111111
inning, 111 111C ninth. 1 11111711111
‘1'

 

 

 

111p1c 111; Gary W11so11 and a 1111
1111 111tcher 511111 T‘lly 111-ore.
1111at became 1111 11111111ng run
amass 111c piatc.

The youiw Sca11c1s salvaged
the 11111111 111 1111 houom 111 the
111.1111 by sq111-1c111ng .1 Coc 11111y1

Kun’rz Gives

Two Papers , . " ' _
G, , . * Winners...

5- 111111 Caiiega, gave two 1111’. . . . _
pa s a1 1he annual meeting o1 Flnal La I
1119 A111er1ca11 Plnlosophical A 1 I
saa1a1to11 May 274. .11 0111o 5111113. . . . _ .1 ‘
ua1vers11, Co1111111111s. 1 1 - ' 1 -

Thc first 0[ his papers. “The
Meanings 01' Opposition" was
14-1 111' a sessmn 111 which a‘
YJgoslziv p1111osopher, Vchlko
Kava . part111pa1aa

Th" 111ee1111g ‘1‘"“1‘ Kg.‘ffc.“.'as . 1111111» 1111 11111111111111 ' Lanyw 111111 11111111111111 ' 11.11.1111,.“ 11.11.11,.1,_5m.,s
accumuahon _0 DC “Huston 1.1111111111111111 1111, 11111111111. Dkiahumasiau 11. 11:11. 11111111 11.11151111111car1111111
e1 logic and dialelxc which was .. .. .

Jliiatialed at Gunncll last year
by another Yugoslav philosophe
lVIihailo Markovic. ‘
His second paper, “The 01-11e1
of Orders in White-head's pl 1
losophy," was e1-111c1ze11 by 11111 9
Whitehead au‘hm'H’esv 13' ’11 1111'1w.a:1m' Neal 11. D‘Agaslmn’ ‘ JuyL‘ cmnwu1a 111111: 1111111

Charles Hartsburne of the U1 ‘ wcswugimu 11111111 Saunmenlasme 1111111511 .nlhch. $111111 111111111111
sity of Te. 5. and Dr. Donald1 ' - . .

Sezbume of Vanderbilt Univer‘
stLy. ‘

 

 

Commencemen‘i

Continued El‘om page 1

 

. Anm111.111111 1.11. Em: 1.112111% VinuMPiunnminicmh gauges. 11111111111
93 a gum preacher, guest levg 1111111111111 1111111111111. 11111111111. 11111111111

1111-21: and v1s‘11111g professor on‘ ' '
numerous col 1e g E campuses!
throughout the UniLed States
He IS a brothel n-law of Miss
Evelyn Gardner, rc111~1ng dean.
of women. ‘

Dr. To 'nbec, 1111a has been on‘ .4 1 . - '
(he Grin’nell campus 5mm early‘ - mm Ewing Williaml: 1111111111 1111111111111 [11111111 1111112
Feblllﬂl§ leciullng before Slll' UshiHDVMDakal] KBMS‘JKC U.DiCm’l"BE|in lﬂUiﬂnaSkﬂE
1112111 gioups both foxmally and‘
1nzo1ma11y and delhexmg a 5&1
11es of public canipus and on
campus lectures, is author o1 [he
monumonia1 “A Study in Hi ‘
wry,” which encompasses a11 oil
the civilization: 111 1ho ages 1
1

Dr- 111.1111. 11.1....“ new-1 Coming next fall, . . a new PM GRAND PRIX50 for 1963-64!

who will receive a doctorme OI

laws (Lym, has been profCS- Add your name to this growing circle of winnersl

501‘ emel’nus of secondary edu-

$113111? ‘gicg““l§;2 ~ gape“ 1 Fmal Lap Consolation Prize winners! Tempest winners...Laps 11 2. 3!

111131

elected lo Phi Beta Kappa zlml‘ [11111111111111.1111 51111111111111 111111 c. hwy lamexW.Tnﬂ

valwm 11. mm

was active 1n athletics and mu,1 11.111111111111 LLolﬂklalmma 111111111111 — 31111112111.

FIRST LAP "'" 111111111111 THIRD LAP
sical groups while a G1-1nnell1 mart. 5111111111 11111111 K 121111111111 111111 1121111111 “SW” 5"“

1.1111111111111 km: A X1111“ Gary t. 11111: 11.111111

unde1gradua1e He earned 111131 01111111. 1111111111111111. 51111111151111 1m. can“: 111153119411. 191m", 9mg,

PhD de_g1ee at Columbia {1111- s111111st111 1111111, 1 11. 111111. 11111111111111 9
111s11y 1n 1907.111 addition tol 1111111311121" 5111111111313”. 1111111111511? "1'” ““3”" ”NV-9"“ WWW“

Leachjng and ﬂdmlnlstlailvc “1.111111111311111 CnlEa121FaL.) 1111112111111 51.511111111111111u
peiience in pubhc “1100]; ml WEiladel cat. I. 111 Gardner Hymn [Lumif “midlwasszl
Maine, M111aeso1a and Ne\\' York ‘ mum 119,1,“ 111111 VMI. 111151111 clarksoncnuue

. . 1111301111011 ,1
Guy, D1 Jones has headed 1111 11111111111115 WSW 1.11.111111111111 1.3.11111111111 1111111151111er

education departments a1 Rhode . 111.111.1111: 1..., 1,1 1.11111 11111111111111. 11.111111111111111 “111-.1119”
Island Tcanhers College and the ‘ 4 lsuunpm- Emoryu.
University of Maine and 1111s; . _ 1111111111 11. 111111111111 11. 11111111. 1r. 1.111111111111111

.1 0111. 3111: me.) n. 111 1:111: 111 1 .
served on the 1.1111111, 01 the 1111115515111." W 1 WWFMSM

University 111 Southern 011111111». 111111111111 111111511111 111.111.111.111 1111.11.11.
111:1, 1111111111111 111 11111 me 11 1111111111111 1111111151111

- - 1 1 -. ,r 1 _ 2’ 1 . _ . 11.111111 111111.11. 11,1 511111.11. 11111111111113. 1 . . .
111111?szvlikllQ1-ec211-‘th1n31112101212121 Consolation Prize W1nners...Laps 1, 2, 3! 111111311, y 11111111115111 1111111 11311 21:11:11,111.”
laws (LL.D1, allcndcd (1111111111 m 1111111111 11111 111111 11111111
from 1921 111 1925 111111 111 1.1111. — 1111111111111 51 1.1111 1.111111)
11a1cd 1111111 1111- Univc . 111 Ne- rgif'g‘f-lg'“
111~as1111 111 192 He 1111-11111 1 111w, “” “
degree 111111 11111111- 111 c1c1g111o11 1111111 “1111
Universiiy 111 11130 and Ms 1-117 31111111111111.1111” 11111: 1.51111
gagcd 111 111e 111111111111 01 111.1 111 w11111111 1111111 51111115111 11111111 11p
Omaha 1111111 15123. 11111111 he 11 11111111151111, ~
came allormw- 1111 111c [111111117 ummtsmm “""“""”“”’i"’l.
struchon 171111111111» (5111-1111 11111: 111.111. 1" ” ““W‘S 11.111111111111111.
111111111111 111111
In 1935 lm t111c11me 111111
1111: Home O , 7._.
111111 (11.0.1 :11a a11a1 011111 SECONDW’
111 0111111111. 111111 s11t1se111111111y 1111:. 111.111.111.111“ 1.1.1.11. 1.11, “My, 1.1111
w11h the 11.01.C 111 \ liing- 11111111111111 Pannmecminge 11.111111;
11111, 13.0, 111 .11111- 111 11123 ho he.
came secrcuuy and counsel ol
1hc Expur1-1mpor1 Bank 111

Washington 11c 15 1111-1111111 111. Get Wi h the Winners, . .

rector, 0pc1~a11o11s Co1111o1 D1111.

11°11. 1:;1:1-A12:;1.12.131101"1 far ahead in smoking satisfaction!

11111111111111.111 5111111 1111111
5111111111 11111111 5111: 111. 31111 P1111

111111111 111111111121 11111111111111111
5 c w. 111-1111111

 

 

 

