.Dr. Rollo May:

«Mail Must Face li's Anxiety

By Lynn Dcuzlel'
5&8 News Editor

The main characteristic ot the
modern existentiolist movement
is a rebellion against the loss of
freedom, or the deliulllanizatioli
or man, according to Dr. Rollo
May, noted educator and my
chctherapist.

Beginning the annual Gates
Lecture Series sponsored by the
Department of Philosophy and
Religion. Dr. May spokc before
an overflow crowd in Herrick
Chapel Sunday evening on the

.subicct, “Existential Psychology
and Human Freedom."

“The concern with freedom
in the 20th century is with the

danger of losing it. to machines‘

_-which we have built,” he said.
”This is especially important in
the field of psychology where
the emphasis is on control of
the mind and personality."

Dr. May emphasized the prob.
lem of anxiety and its relation-
ship to freedom. Good mental
health results from the ability

. to face normal anxiety and the,

. relation of anxiety and freedom
rests in the capacity to accept
and bear it.

“It normal anxiety cannot be
faced, it needs to be avoided.”
he continued. “This leads to
neurotic anxiety ” He credited a
great deal of the apathy in Cur-
rent society to this same exp! .
sioii oi neurotic anxiety. With
the overbearing threat of there
monuclear war, apathy emerges
as a social symptom —

ety ol the historical situation."

Rate increases for student ems
ployinent to go into effect next
fall were announced today by
Robert. c. Sauers, Director of
Admissions and Student Aid,

Jobs now paying 75¢ per
hour will go up to 35c. and
those paying at present two.
35c and 909 will each go up
so per hour.

This year, according to Sauers,

“A re- I
fusal to (ace the abnormal anxi»‘

on his
May in-

Concentrating turther
introductory ideas, Dr
trodueed
between the sell and the world
le or between stimulus and re
‘sponsc, “Freedom involves know
ling that you are the determined
one — not to deny the stimu-
us. but to pausc and then throw
your weight to one response or
another."

He spoke repeatedly oi mall’s
‘need to be conscious of himself
as the experiencing individual
If man is aware or this gap be-
;twcen stimulus and response —
'“more awareness 01' self brings
more awareness of world” 7 he
is able to use it effectively, In
this way, man, the one histoi»
iiCal being, has the capacity to
tr nsccnd from tradition and to
give learning both flexibility
and freedom,

“The eVistentialist tries to ullvl

dcrstand the person in men, the
§capacity to be conscious of what
he is experiencing and the
unique ways in which mind ex—

Oldesl‘ Co

Vol. LXX Grin

Student Wages to Increase

thighcr rate the same amount

the concept of a gap,

grinnctfconcge

» 50a rial? @Blac

lprcsscs sell 7 the past and pres
‘ent ., part of living he said
Dr. May then coii-clatcd this
rifled with that or responsibility ‘
saying that expo cnce relies oll‘,
esponding. “Freedom can never
be separated f-om responsibil t,
lty." he said ”The ultimate sum»,
nation, that of essential free
dom, is man‘s capacity to choose
this attitude,”

Man can have freedom only
by lacing anxiety that is real,
according to Dr. lvtay who term-
ed anxiety the “ell iess ol‘tl'ccs
dom" lie conclue rl that trees,
dam is bought at the capacityi
to face normal anxiety.

“People that are sick (men.
tally) surrender freedom in Ol'v
der to avoid anxiety, To make
itllem well, one takes away the
creativity that is the freedom‘
to develop anxiety and care

”Creativity is never creativity
unless it has the element of
freedom speaking out e.g.1
Love is not love unless I Choosel

.1ll0 one I love,“ he said ;

llege Newspaper Wesl cl flue Mississippi

nell, lowa. Friday. March 22, I963 No. 23

{Military Ball Set

l
l
i The

l , . .
need. For upperclassmen applyelgau 9°3 Gnnnen M‘l‘my

l Dr. Rollo May speaks with
ll’eter Cohort following a mf—
lfee hour discussion in the
‘North Younker lounge. May‘s
second and third lectures are
lreported on page three. In
idddition to his three Herrick
lChapel lectures, May was a
‘participant in two coffee-
‘hour discussions.

for Tomorrow;

SAC Band Contingent Will Play

, “Colonel" candidates include

‘will be earned for about 265 lug for renewal of aid. need is‘,
hours of work. lreeyaluoted each year, and the}

During 1962433 stttde'nts \verelln id and amount of aid is ad-‘t
given work awards totalingmore yusled upward or downwald do
than $99,000: about! 41 per cent cording to individual Circum-:
,af all students enrolled as ol'stances. Almost all students re-;
‘lzlst. l'all received Campus em— calving financial assistance from‘
ployment. the college are assigned campus

Campus wo , likc sehola employment along with other‘

ill-aid, and

an all-campus formal nongNanCy Cooke. Joanne Domcvich.
flower dance, will be held to. Judith Finn. ‘Jean Gilruth and
morrow from 9 until l2 pm. in Catherine McDonald. The "Col-
Dorby gym. lonel" will be selected in voting
Music will be provided by the by all Grinnell men. in Cowles
Notables, a contingent of the 50- ﬁlming room at noon Friday-
piece ”Flying Band” of the U.S.l “Honorary Cadet. Colonel” last
Air Force's Strategic Air Com- lyear was Sharon Miller who was
mat-id which is to present a free named as mazes tl-lomecoming
public concert in Darby at ElQueen at Grinnell this academic

the typical employment award is
$225 at the 75c rate which
means a student works 300 hours
(about. to hours per week)_to
earn the full award. At the

is awarded primarily on the ba—

procedure, according to Sauers,
‘begills with a careiul estimate
ml each applicant's financial

Announce New AWS Board;
Halls Will be Assigned Soon

Seven members of next-year’slpl'eside in each at the women’s
AWS Board. were made known halls next year are Anne Brine-
at the spring rot-mot dinner heldlman, Gretchen cher, Marty
in the Quad dining room Wed—lCr-odzins, Georgia Griftrth, Bet-
nesday evening. Those who willltic Cutmonn, Marilyn Nelson

and Shirley Neuhaus.

In preparation for
tion. a coffee hour was held
Tuesday afternoon in Main
Lounge to acquaint the women

11 New Members
Elected 1° WHP it”; iiiiirtll‘lttir:

The elections of house presi-lon Mmday-
dents for North Campus weret Members of
held in the men’s halls thls 935l;colllnlissl01l

the elec-

the sophomore
queried the candi—

Week- The new Presidents areldates as to their views concern—l

as follows: Ken Rlchards, Westling the relation of the
Norris; Bill Pierson, East Nolurpresidem m the “hem;
rlS; Jon Larson. Cowles; J-‘Cklcollege and its purpose, the de-
Barker. Dibble; Dave Goldenilgree of cooperation which
Clark; John Miller, GalES; Tom‘should take place between the
DeBerg, anson; George For‘lAWS Board and the Col‘HP.
rest; Langan; Russ Hardentiand their concepts of the hall
Smith; Dick Ernst, Norlll‘as an academic or social unit,
Younkcr; and Bob DeCool<,l
South Younker.

house

lto 1 pm Wednesday and those
The new CofHP will assumelelecled were intormed before
its duties after the spring recess‘the formal dinner.

under the leadership or Petcrl g
Cohon, newly elected CofHP Th5 new AWS 30“ "'0'
. .d ibrielly Wednesday evening to

piesi am. y .
,tzcl plans for organization un~
eerieeﬁe asldel'wny. Each member will sill»
ADDRESS lmlt an application stating hei-
hall preference and will be no-
tlflcd of the decision before
March 30. Some ruling must, be
made concerning integrated

dorms before this time.

loans, ,

ans;

Voting took place from ll a.m.l

ship grant. tilids of aid, i.e., Scholarslllps,lp,m tomorrow.

grants, and loans In addition to Highlights of the dance will

‘lhis year’s aid program includ-l‘HQnomry Cadet Colonel" and
led more than $358,000 in scliole a performance by the Grinnell
' ships and grants. lAir Force ROTC Drill Team.

Joe Stlﬁler was approved by for the Coordinating Committeé
the Student Senate last Tues- have been made by the Plan»

.tor less—54, His approval was‘sented for approval in the Sen-
view sessions with the Execu-tions are still to be made. that
tive Cabinet and the Social of North and South Campus So-
Planning Board. Stifller is alcial Chairman. The interviews
,iuuior art-history malor who waslfor these positions will be held
chairman of the Cadabouts Com. in the next two weeks with the
mittee this past year. He will be the“: Cow? and AWS 3W“;

ramming John Gleymenl i Six members of the Coordin-

cur"ating Committee were also ap
. g . ,i r ~
rent Coordinator, aftei spring Tuesday
vacation.

proved by the Senate
Recommendations of candidatﬁl

night. Nadia Ramzy will be the
Concerts Chairman, Keith King

,day night as Social Coordinatorning Board. They will be pre-l

the culmination of several inter-late this Wednesday night. SeleC-'

year.
1 Both the ball and concert are

,sis of financial need. The aidlsewoc in campus atnploynient,,include crowning of this year’slbeing sponsored by the 355th

‘Air Force ROTC Cadet Squad-
ron. Thereis no admission Charge
to either event, The college is
lco.sponsor of the concert.

Stiff/er is Social Coordina tor.

Chairman; the new
Union Chairman, Steve/Weiner.
Palmer Hartl was chosen ln--
:ioi-mal Chairman. Bill Whelan
will serve as Gadobouts Chain
man. And the chairman of the
newly constructed Dlthyramb
Committee will be Gail Zivin.

The North and South Campus
Social Chairmen have yet to be
ichosen. The new Court? will
tmect to select the North Campus
Chairman ‘Sunda night. The'
South Campus Ch nan will be
chosen by the new AWS Board
on March 22.

,Movies

 

l'l'llree to Intern for

Two juniors and one sopho-lthe period beyond the formal
more were selected this weeklinternship.
by the Advisory Committee or Miss Alt, a junior, is presi-
,the Program in Practrcal Pollti-ldent of the campus Young Dem-
leal Education as the 1963 Sum—Ioerats and a member of the Po-
mer Political Interns. A stipendIIltical Discussion Group. She is
of $700 accompanies this ap-‘a member of the Student Senate
pointment. and has been selected as chair-
l The three students, Marilynmian for next year's
Alt, Phil Johnson and Jackisium on
tSpcnce. will spend two months,ess" She was a candidate in the
lthis summer as interns in the recent campaign for SGA presi—
’oflice of a United States conﬁdent.
lgressman in Washington, Dc. Johnson, a sophomore, is a
in is hoped that the internship member of the Young Republi-
will be extended to the entire cans and the Student Senate.
summer, with the student on He has been nctive in the col-
rthe congressnmn‘s payroll for lege forensic program, and was

 

 

“Syliipo-‘
the Democratic Pl’oc-‘

Congress

‘a member of the team that re-
lcently won the state debate title
land the University of Chicago
‘national debate title.
‘ Spence, a junior, is a mem-
ber of the Student Senate and
ifhe Social Planning Board. He
was active in the recent SGA
campaign and was a SGA dele-
gate to the Swartllmore Cort~
ferenee on Disarmament. He
has participated frequently in
lthe Political Discussion Group.
‘ The three Students will have
lthc option or enrolling tor a
‘397-298 Independent Project next
year, based on the internship
experience.

 

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, March 22, |963<

 

 

Scarlet and Black

GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, low:

A "buy newspaper pulilisliul ei’lnh Frid'lv nl
iiuiiul Commillle an smut-iii ruhll
nu. Represented m iiillouii
no -il Atherllsing Service. inc., College Publish
resenlitl . ls East solh Street. N:' York 22, '
. Subscription rue $4.50

.- mum

, \c 15am.

. LquIIlDewlrl;
COP nlll u
si-ol:
cnilsr

EDlTOK .
lsom .
PllOTUiﬂAPl-l i

. Prior Mulli-
liuvli llrnl)

'rue launu' .i l.-li [.tiliw
liiuililwi, ru- lilalslllill

 

‘ All letters to the Editor written for publication in the Scarlet

and Black must be typed and double spaced. ND unsigned letters
ill be printed. However, \vriters’ names will be withheld up .i

request. The 5&8 reserves the right to shorten any letter.

Hear Ye, Hear Ye . . .

As a public service to the Grillnell College Colliillunity,
tlis week's editolial column \\'lll be used as a bulletin to

 

i‘eep the 3&3 readers posted on a number ol‘ organizations
ind issues currently of vital illliiortallcc on the Grinnell
. mpi _

The Committee for Conformity of Clothing, Ctilllitel‘b
I‘llCE, and Personality announced today that a mass meet
ing‘ and ritual will be held on central campus March 33. at
12 pm. All students will be required to attend. Dress

l he the standard white ankle length capes and matching
l‘vointed head 'masks, Participants should also bring a 4 foot
wooden torch, a can of kerosene and a supply of matches.

According to the central CCCP committee and its thir-
r)en subcommittees, a veritable mountain of evidence has
i‘ceii collected which gives Conclusive pi'ool’ of a growing
lumber of clandestine and subversive trends on campus.
:ome oi' the security threatening tendencies listed by the
CCCP committee iil their “Blue Book" are, ”incl'e mg in
'iir, bllttonless collars, blue ieans. lack of
makeup, and bolll'fantl heads."

Tile CCCP plans to take quick and de ' ' e ac ’on to
eliminate these 101065 of unrest and disharmony from the
iirinnell campus.

stances of long 1

Another group presently dealing with all equally cru-
cial campus issue is the Drinking Rule for Immature Pupils
committee. Tile DRIP committee has prepared a list of
three carel‘ully studied and formulated alternatives to the
present drinking rule which will be presented to the stu-
cents for a vote. The results of the referendum will detelu
mine which of the three proposals shall be presented to
the administration as a comprehensive rule change arrived
at and supported by a responsible student body.

The DillP committee's proposed alternatives are as
follows:

1) Students will be allowed to drink anything.

lime, and anywhere.

any-

2) Students will be allowed to drink ani‘ll'llere,

thing, and anytime.

any-

3)

Students will be allowed to drink anytime.
where, and anything.

any

There is one announcement of minor importance from
the National Student Association. According to l SA o|'-
ficials, the Gi'iimell College Student Senate will conduct a
student referendum ill the residence halls Monday, March
25, on some inalic resolution concerning the repeal or re-
consideration oi' the Internal Securitv Act 01 1950. This is
one of those inconsequential Acts which “\" liltcs freedom
01' speech alld freedom of the press' restricts free and
open discussion of public issues; legalizes guilt by associze
Lion and pairilellisln; and gives the g‘OVel'luilellt vast pow,
ers to control and influence the advocacy of ideas.”

We know from past experience that progressive Grill-
nelliuns will give the First two org‘ ni ations their sponA
taneous and enthusiastic support. In view of tlli anything-
that we might say, other than to make students aware of
the activities of these organizations, would be unnecessary.
However, we would like to suggest, it" you have a few illo-
ments to spare next Monday, that you cast a vote for the
unconditional repeal of the infamous Internal Security Act
or 1950.

D. A. B.

(Esrihv's Ghost Attacked

By Rn“ Gondenow

The McCall-uh Act was passed (luring what
Richard l’loi'stadlcr has called “the Age of Sn:
picioii” It is slgnlticant ,lhat in this. same allrl
oi tear do eloocd the phenomenon of ‘Mch’r
thylsm', a disease that made the United Slates a
laughing sto abroad. humbled the Senate.
bullied the E' enhower Admin tralion. serious’
ly damaged national morale and actually help
ed the Communism ll pui'pOlth to destroy,

Oil the alternoon of February .51, 1950. the
day that Senator Joseph McCarthy made his
now infamous speech belol'c the Republican
]'d(li€\‘ of VVheeliilg. WVa llidliiuz. Homer
Capellal'l raised the Senuloi al iaiicrs .ihun lil;
asked "How much lilo c are we going to taltc?
Hindu and Acheson and Hiss and h.‘dl'ugen
bombs threatening outside and New Dealism
wearing away the vitals 01' lbs natir‘n. in thc
lilanle of heaven. is this the best Amer '11 can
(0...

McCarthy's reply was the 205 “subvm‘slri‘s”
{later he l’ duccd the number to 81. tliCn 3?
He never was Slll'(‘ what he said! \vel'c E‘l‘nplOVGLl
iii lilo stale Department “Tull Gullllcr Joe," tllC
mall ranked by )‘ )m‘lci‘s as tlu" pmrosi senator
:h VVashlngton. pol only made national heath
lines and practically l. . ll‘cd l‘eClQCthlL he uslv
elecl in one of [he most shameful periods at
Anielicau lilSlOl‘V.

In the etislilllE four ieuis McCarthy proceed»
ed to use the ‘big-lie' technique and his Selintorv
ial immunlly to vwiuuslv attack anyone he so
desired. The aisliugi C(l GCllei'ul George Mar-
shall i accused n ham: or "a conspiracy so
lmmcnsz‘, an illlamv so blacl‘ as to rlwart'
{my in the histoi' of man" nator Mills’d
Tvdinqs. u censor ilt ’0 l' lo had chaired :l SCH-
aloiiul SLilPCOlT‘lane’l that {mind MCC. thv‘s
cha 56 that tho Dcp' immil of State v :
riled with suva sliics "the iimsl liclmlo
palgu of halt—truths and uiiliulh iii the hisluiy
of the Republic" found lilm.‘ ll \lcillli 0i a Mar
Cal‘tlly led smear campaign hen hn run for I'E"
election ill November 1950, McCai'tliV broke ll
Scllalorlal Diocedenca when he campaigned
asaiilst ’l‘ydilies’ in the lalter‘s home state 0‘
Maiylalld. Tydlngs lost and dlcd a broken moi)
soo'l alle \ai'ds.

Pressure on the State Dcpai‘lment induced
John Foster Dulles and hi assistant, McCaithVitc
w. Scoll McLeod. to begin a heavy censorship
program in our lnlorniatioli agencies abroad
Many able and certainly alillrconinillnlst lm‘eli!"
service Officers were removed all the slight .

McCarran Art's

Nick Dldicu

Legitimate mi mus are often ralscd conA
cerium ll (n Act's implications lor lho
' 1 lbs or non-Communist groups and inA
(lividilals who happen to be out oi - ‘ur with
three msmbel's of the Subversive Anthlties Cour
oi sou-ll, about the stringency ol the pl‘naltles
and limitations placed on olgaiiizations and in—
dividuals t ed by the Bcard to register as
“Commullis ctlon" or "Comlnunlsi-il'ont" or-
ganizatlons, and so forth Certainly the Act is
vague and it: prov ‘ions are severe

Nevertheless, the fundamental question about
the Act coucevus not its highly possible side
cliecls or its saver y, but llie very issue to

~which the Act directs itself # namely, Conl-

muuism. .uiug that the Act could directly
impair the libel-lies oi nu cimimu sts as
well as Communists. n that i hue rliiei' ob-
,iecuou lo it, is tantamount to favoring a new,
improved luw. one which could somehow de
may the civil liberties oi really red. “card-
('nl'r ing" Dummies and nobody else.

But perceptive opponents of the Act do not
want a nicer Acl. one which would pumnlee
theli' own security in the rcspeclable NCI‘erom—
milnist Lelt m- whatever other pas Ion they hold,
The problem \ iii the Act is that it is an Incur-
stall at izovenuueul into political beliefs Whether
the victims are Communists Or not, “good Ame
cans" pi» not, the Act still represents an assault
by government on a Dalitlcal opinion in a man
nu prohibited by the First Amendment Supreme
Court Justice Black a o obiccls to the law on
conslitutlollal ground as a "classical bill of air
lainde: and because 01 “its direct conflict \vllli
the sell»iilcr mlnaton [)i‘D\.ans oi the Fifth
Amendment."

The act is s' ll nus ,hul ll is much worse
than that. E my; laws prom-l the public
frum the real crimes attributed in Commlmist

intentions by the Act. The Act states. “The
ugeul. of canilllliliism have devised clever and
vulhlm espionage and sabotage luulius which

pretext, and McCarthy sent G. David Shine and
Roy Colin to Europe to investigate the “subvers-
ion‘ s'luatinn. Europe twilched nervously as the
two 2 year olds leportcd “apalllng nilillruiiou“
and the State Dcpallment ordered the removal
l- m iniorlnation «mm-y shelves all "books, mu-
m. paintings and the like or any Conl-
Illullists. fellow travelers. et celera," Librarians
used little (liscei‘tlon in removing material. out
of self protection The ct cctcra was nebulous.
Many books were burned,

The Eisenhower Administration was slow to
biing pressure to bear on McCarthy and, in tact,
announced in ism that ii had iemovcd 22ml
’secul’ ly l‘lslcs' liom government sei’ViCc in order
to ”talc the Commlc issue away li‘om Joe Mc-
Martlly" Even his highly respectable and vane
ahlc Robert Tait had gone so tar as to say
“McCarthy should keep talking and il one C2150
doesn’t work out he should plocecd with
another."

Tile plulessmual ebrColnmunist FBI inve ti-
gator became vogue, It “as a good way to earn
a living. Few, houcvcr, listened \lhen one ol
them, lleibert Philhl’lc said that lVlL‘CaItliyisiil
was one of the most eticctlve tools in the Come
iui isi propaganda arsenal

The whole tlilng became ludicrous when
library board-3 discussed the mains bl Socrates.
who my» uptcd lhe minds of youth With 1113
liberal ' e ~ and Robin H00 , who “stole from

ch to give in the poo (Despite the pro-

.illcu oi contemporary 1\ tilligham oilicla
who sworn that Robin Hood certainly was no
Communist)

Eventually. McCarthy met his match. The.

~ VrMLCm't y hearings lThe Army, in March

. Ch;i and that the Senatol had tried to get
preferential trcnlmerlt tor the newly inducted
86‘ he and McCarthy countercliavged that ihe
Army was attempting to blackmail him into
(ll-upping an investigation into communism at
Full ivlamimoulh, N.Jl biuuaht him balare the
lelcvislou cameras lor two weeks. Army counsel
Joseph Welsh skilllully unmasked him with his
suit nianne snis and “Have you no sense of
decency, s‘ , at long last" Have you no sense oi
decency?"

in September the Senate censured McCarthy
for conduct un coming to u Unltcd States Scnr
Mar and brillgin that bndv into disrepute. H'
public C‘Jl'eel‘ was over, bul li|S gliosl lingered
on.

Faults Analyzed.

are cu "ietl out in many instances in form 0
manner successfully Evasive of c sling law
“Successllilly eras 'e of existing law" is
another wav of Say 1;: that not many CDm~
lnunists have been prov ii 3 V of the actual
crimes mentioned, but since everybody knows
they really are guilty (or likely to be some-
d i), the government may iii-paced on that

umptioll and single out Communist and
Communist-dominated groups [or special superr
vision.

Tll' is vigilant mentality. conti'adicllng emi-
ilclitly American concepts of iusiice. ol assumed
innocence m the absence of pvovon guilt. 1; Cum-
inunist individuals or organizations are ill fact
proven guilty or crimes (murder, illell. lmasou.
em, or provcn conspiracy lo those ends) then
other laws will require their punishment; if not
guilty. they can still be harried and supervised
under the provisions of the McCarran Act.

The McCai-mii Act's whole introductory de-
scription of the Communist movement is an in-
lellectunl misdemeanor ot' the flit magnitude.
It is almost paranoid in its emphasis: subversion
is being prepared under our very eyes, but the
silhverters are too clever to be Caught by ordi-
nary means. No responsible political thinker.
whatever his personal vlews._\vollld describe
Communism iii the Act's terms. totall} ignoring
the understandable. if not ilisllllablc. appeal of
Coliimuillst ideology to men at mlclligcni and
humanistic motives.

Discussion of the McCari-an Act must. if it is
to be profitable, lead us into open-minded study
and debate about the nature or the Communist
movclr-cnt itself As ions; Americans consider
Si'mpailly with or nlcnlhc ship ill the Communist
Party as a crime “1 llsolr, American political
though! will Continue to be logﬁod and restricted,
H the MCCal‘rail Act had no other fault. It would
have to be condemned for unconstitutlollally
hampering lhc enliy oI lhc Communist system
of belief into ille‘fl‘ee cxcllanrre oi ideas.

 

tomb Cites lion-like Militarism

By Curt Lamb .
. uilg ‘ihe \i'alv l‘d imllls tllal Americans
llmnl anal is illiLl mnsl elitwlllﬂ is ' '

llC vicwul reali » Spoiled bv our all»pe ,
lliiely-tu Ed jildiual system. we sily pi'uieci
[his per ecllve mm other problem.

This dl lilma was wemphasimd l'or i.~ this
last weekend by the presence on campus ol' two
AlECi‘iail students for an IRC Conference. Their
aciiuupiieuled philosonhi'" born in the Hush
or rcvolutlondiy ‘ctoiy. tood iii iuuiheu conr
uusi lo lllls Amelu ll lmcliuou.

Late Friday evening the COIIVOK 'lilOn turned
in Angola Havlilg had a pro ’ous exposure lo
the developments there, I quickly reviewed my
knowledge
. The Porlugese, long an aliachrollis 0 presence
in Africa. have been adamant in tlieli' refusal to
permit selfrlzoveiiiment to the Angoli‘se ln Au ‘1
of 1950, u l-esoiullou lailcd to pass the Sccu ’ly
Council or the United Nations wh h would have
condemned oppressive Portugao acliv. 165 there
that had led to open lighting A monih later the
same resolution passed the Geiielul A embly
by a large iuaiglu (72.18». Most of tllé‘ UN.

hopes he now with a special sub-committee un—
oarlhing muny facts umbu sing to Premier
Salazai.

The actual discussion of this problem with
pmcoedva along quite diilel-em

however. The elitlic gamut of mi allonal
oacllcs to AllﬂOlﬂ \lele disuo d of in the
hall'rscntclic , [ler [he U. . t ll, to re-

solve the Ciisls between Latiff Nuns. the suc-
ccedlllg slops are clea In the lime I required
in adiusl my legalistic perspective to the flow
til thoughts. the violent overthrow of Mozam-
bmue had followed quickly on the heels of total
native victory in Angola, Only during the un-
{olding of tho jiiial phase of [he plan \vls I
finally tunctionlng. From these two strongholds
on East and West souther Africa. n pl oer more‘
incllt was pioiecled whim would ciicw e South
Africa and aid lhe final victol’v of native forces
there. Thole was little left lo discuss but Conl-
paiiv as ignments. -

Thl. kind of local iinpal‘ieilcc \vilh legalistic
solutions in colonial problems must be continue
misly kept in liillld in analyzing iuloi-nalional
politics.

 

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, March 22. I963

Page Three;

Members of Dibble Denounce

[$2 Minimum Re

To the Editor:

Merritt Ludwig, in a letter to
members or the ()0al las
week, announced a new polic
oi Lil'dl'glllg tor dam in halls ,
lieneet'orth, a is minimum will be
charged tor labor regardless or
the time required to completc
the mo, and 32 will be charged
dditionel for every hour over
the iirst hour. i

First he argues
than the actual time oi
an who completes
included in the cost, Hei
cites the time oi the maid in
{reporting the damage. assess,
lment or damage by exccu ivei
‘housckecper or Evan Waldon,,
preparation oi work order, as-
isienmcnt oi iob, procurement
’,of materials, the workman's time
in traveling to and trom the
place, preparation or report on,
~ time and work completed. prep!
aralion oi a hill, and rcceipting
the payed bill.

that morc
llle

lllev

it each repair iob were to bc
Rafters in the partially demolished Union of old are exposed, in this picture lnlren done as an indivrdual ,iob, this
last week. would be reasonable Howercr,
[la workman who goes out to reel
ipair a damage which will take
‘him tire to ten minutes work
does not in all likelihood make
to trip downtown to buy the ma
itorials iirst. and otter he has
I O ‘completcd the job he probably
igoes on to iinish live or six
u en 0v |scu
ﬁat-ea. Consequently, at the rate
‘charged, 13 do G should receiver
:to make them wait a week or‘olose to $1200 for the_ hour of,
lso to invalidate the 'clectioiistllipzhe workman. Cerlmnly thel
There were also a low sneer-lrcpreseiit the kinds of commentstil'no of billing procuring ma-
ing adults who asked about thc‘ma‘ae in haste by people dis.llerials, etc. for one hour olwork
matter, saying that it wouldicussing Political ahemamegoocs not take another live hours.
have been much better for stue The daemon to act Tuesday, ,. _ .5
,dents to have been studyingmight represents the conscienem1“51%,;‘°2,us‘”d:§‘i,,§‘njhpi§,t
W110 Casi "1956 ‘35 ballots (about than wasting their timé in stuwtious attitude and respect which .g ’ ‘ 5 p - . l
16 or cent of the voters) lus‘ '- . _. , .‘ , 100nm, many of which ale net
P P dent politics ovex such a who students hold ioi Iheil own 13,. . ”1 so, my h lol’i
those sympathetic to them nlake‘ulous issue. The issue was not governmental mousse; ' I 95‘ .l‘“ - Y El
' - -- - . D cet. This does not Compare at
up a Sizahle minouty on Scum ridiculous, ii for no other ieasonl _ y n _ _ M V.” l . [i
Campus hence, the action tnkun‘than that there are a substantial‘ There is new one mole tl‘lngia ”W” y ‘3' ‘ “i pm? ‘3 ‘
by the AWS Board late that a humher if people Wh0 have begnlwllicll remains to be decided; é rtoomhége" ll" a mic “IhSIEi
crnoon provoked quite a few‘direcuy aﬁected by h. (i) eitheplsince there is nothing which can {so “ist isittun Eamon: inc u est
people. The injunction and the because it affected the way theylbe a?“ “Welmno We‘lnes‘iay's qu-nl‘eanan‘cenc 5," 69% 0 1
trial are past history now; motored, 0,. (2) h ahead the SC_,election, Wlll something be done A e 05-
at tho ,i‘isk of being. accused oi lection of those elected to oiels‘bmll “0’" year‘s oleﬂllon? “1‘5 Since students are charged
moraliZing. I would like to makehcc. 1 wonder when some of,“ one of the in“ “ms '9 myifol' worn door jams, old transom.
a few comments concerning those with the largest snccrslllem‘ly ”“99 Y?” M Gl'mnell‘hingcs.peeling plaster, and worul
them ‘last contributed actively to the when _the articulate minority furniture it requests are made;
lpolitical situation in which~tllcylhz'5dfat‘19d_tf' malwﬂl‘églelhelllnﬁ to have these repaired, the ad-'
, t ,mc iac vic or on a i u wiic 1- .,-
oh cnmlms a minoi‘ity whioh ﬁnd memselves' 'does not concern those things 2},‘{‘y‘5‘:§§’,‘;‘;e,$,‘,‘:; ‘eﬁlclﬁ?dui‘§-
will not only complain and sign, The'iact that thc dciciidaiits,,rciating to the area or “that the 3,100 is [he 20 “mugs a
petitions, but will also act. Of- the plaintiff. and the court tookimav be considered morality. Bee mph the maid spends in each
‘5“ “sues °" ”‘35 campus bleak aation upon the problem iininc~irore June, however, the present mom and the time required ‘Imi
down into two extremes: the‘diatcly is indicativc of the sense‘sGA Constitution will he he, dean'w, the john; and lounge ‘
extreme conservatives who do of responsibility which Silldentsivigwed and reviscd: it the mi. “ ' ' l_
nothing but sit. and the extreme iccl in relation to the channelsinoriiy has a calm argument, it We teal that part oi the main-1
liberals who do nothing but sit of government which they them-iiS rheh- responsibility to take tenancc duty tor which we pay
and complain» In ‘botween are selves have created and recog ,llle time to develop that argu. is reporting worn and broken
those people who Sit in the Sch- nizc. 1mm 50 “m the Change my iurniture, door jams, etc, it
ate (a low of whom carry the _ i , . , damages are more than can bet
Test along), The mall Tussday The Comm“? M “”3” “‘0‘ be ”ns‘demd now m orde‘ m expected from wear, then there
nigh, demonstrated um thex-ejmen syfynpatlletlc iohtlleldcéendcypmlect cycryone later. Should be an additional charge.
310 people on 11“; campus who ants ( i 0 maltel \/ at he Dull, Marie IL Martin ,Bui this should be only for thel

are not members oi the Senatc,‘decklesi we‘ll go hv the decision‘ _ _ _
who do have strong feelings of Monday afternoon”) and of} Ed, ﬂute: Miss Martin will 1

 

Lei'i'ers i'o file Ediior

To the Editor:

0i the approximately 400 bal-
lots that were cast in the pri-
mary election last Monday noon,
66 were marked tor icwcr than
tour candidates. The women

' complain.

It sccms that there now exists

pail“ Charge

repair at the damage itseli, t
for all the other employees wi'a
will be required on the wci'.
ci w (such as maids and
rct- ies) regardless oi those 6
tra damages,

Alter carciully expl
the damage rates -c as hip
as they are, Ludwig goes on '3
state:

“I can assure you that tlic‘
rollcgc loscs money by selling"
its minimum labor rhurgc tori
(lengc repair at 32.00. iiifab',,

, if money were our 5010 ob-

jective, we would abandon all
charges ‘ior damages. In the
aggregate. it would he cite
or ior us to repair the dan—
ages than to incur the added
costs at charging students.

“But our ollject'le is not
money. Rather, t to min
mice the amount ind hcriam
ilcss oi malicious and negi
cent damage to buildings and
inrnishings. Without a finllrr
cial dctcrrcut we know the
situation would soon get out
of control."

We feel that this stotemort
is a clear challenge by the a’-
ministration ‘to the ciiicacy oit
student government which G
nell advertises in its propaga —
da sheets to prospective s‘ iden s
and ioundations. ii the .

of student government is .

minister deterrents to aor-

isihlc action on the part oi om—

er students. then only studcit
government should determi
the facts relative to a pui cul
unnecessary incident l’csdllili’
in damage and administer tints
accordingly.

In this hall
that the purpose or the “scale
iund which we pay as part
our fees to the college is for 1
purpose or paying damage bil
Consequently hen there
damage we require the indivi
ual or individuals involved
pay tor the damage and i'
We conditions involved \
this.

we do not [a]

in

We rctusc, however, to marc—
ly administer the tines oi E & 2
without any judiciarv considei-e
ation oi the rectors involved ii
the tines. it B 8: G con‘
the present policy it will be u)
to the administration to date
mine the guilt of individ
and fine INDIVIDUALS and
halls,

Dibhle House Coullc'!
Pete Frank tProsidciu)
Craig Henderson
5am Grossmun
Randy Jenkins
.Ynlm Sllndcll
Craig Welterlcn
Robert Patrick
Allen Rossman

 

about campus meat”, and whD certain women sympathetic tot become AWSB President iole ,.
will do more than just sit and the plaintiti (“Won’t it he [uni lowing the spring recess. i

Siudenic Iis for Enforcemrni of Drinking Rule

the argument that there are
those pcoplc on campus ii ho al-i
though oi legal age are hindc -l
ed by the present drinking rule,‘
Since it would be impractical
to make them an exception to‘
the rule, 1 say those who (Deli

 

=separatc body, completely auto 0 Wednesdaysd am, Euchnr

nomous and outside thc Jurisdlv
lion oi thc lowo laws. Are Grin
ncll studcnts so privileged that,
although we are residents oi,
lowa, we do not have to abide
by the laws enacted by the

To the Editor:

in view or the controversy
now on campus, it is impossible
[or any student to ignore the
meiiectiucnoss oi the present
drinking rule, The question or
course is what course oi action

6 Daily Oiliccsiﬁﬂﬁ a.m. and

Si. Pqul's Sflldeni Center
EPISCOPAL

O Sllllday.‘%8 mm, 1|) mm. and 4:30 pm.

a Fridays—4:30 pm, Eucharist

Fr. [’reble, Vicar and Chaplain

isi.

0 pm.

 

legislature for the good oi all" pct-scouted do your drinking ott

 

should be taken to End this

 

hypocrisy. I say no.‘ And .lllcrufule it would campus.

Recently a questionnaire was‘SCC'n to me there can he "0‘
circulated asking student opine colllleVEl‘syi no dcllalci lol‘ 36*
ion of a proposed change whicli‘wrdmﬁ ‘0 “‘3 10W“ law ”‘9 PEO'
would read: 'poscd change in the drinking

llConsumonn or alumna rule can not be enacted.
beverages is prohibited outside‘
student rooms on the proporty,
or the college."

The questionairc went on to
acknowldogc thc iact that such
a change would conilict with
the state law which iorbids use
oi intoxiczliils' to individuals une
der the age of twenty-one. It
is however believed by the
SGA “in consultation with the
administration" that oiiicials
would continue to look upon the
college as outside their resporr
sibility.

The tact remains, however.

Therefore, there is hilt one‘
course oi action which may be
taken to end the hypocrisy and;
that is strict eniorceinont of the,
present drinking rule.

There still remains, however, Carol chlwinc

BATES
FLOWERS

Formally
{lie

 

Rex

WAYNE'S
STEAK
HOUSE

Down stairs available for parties

Good Food
‘ and
Assorted
Beverages

 

 

 

 

 

that Gi'lnnell College is not a
e

 

Page Four

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, March 22. I963

 

l

Grinnell Sel' 1'0 Siari‘ Germ
Warfare Wil'h Sabin Vaccine

The series.

The Sabin Vaccine is an cs~
scntially tasteless liquid, rather
than it *shot The three (loses,
properly spaced, iminunize
iiill administer the first dosage aﬁainst polio for a period of
to interested college students iapproxnnatcly [ive years, while
The location is Darby Gyiiiiias~‘it is usually recommended that .
ium; the time 7:OO»7‘30. A booster shots of the Salk vaCA
Charge of 3.25 will be made. Cine be administered yearly.
Two sul equent dussges will 130‘ lntercstcd students should
adinini cred later in the spring, Sign up with house presidents

local physicians are co.
in a campaign to ad.
the Sabin 0"] polio
cine to residents oi GimnCIl.
Thursday cvcning they

‘asain at a charge of $.25 mind come to Darby between 7:00

' l

‘ l

o
:-
Homolka, View a volume of etchings by Giovanni Pimnesi, Italian architect. Standing

is Robert McMillan (art).

Grinne/I Gets Complete Set of

One of a few complete sets
of etchings by an italian archr
tact-artist, Giovanni Battista
Piranesi, has been presented to
Grinnell College.

”The college is indeed fortu-i
note to have a virtually comet
piece collection of the etchings
by one of the great ltalian mas-
ters of the 18th century," Ro-
bcrt w. McMillan, chairman oi
the art department, said.

“Artists such as Piranesi pro-
vided the most thorough des-
ci'iptive material imaginable to
satisfy the zealous interest and
needs of scholars, archeologists,.
and architects," he added as hot
described the newest additionl
10 the permanent art Collection
at the college,

This Volume oi 77 prints. '
cluding the two iamous “Fri
on” and "Antiques of Rom
series, was given to the college
by Mrs. John F Murphy of
Santa Barbara, aiir., and her
daughter, Mrs Elizabeth R. Ca
ter oi Palo Alto, Calif., in meme
ory or Mr, Murphy, a distin-l
guished architect and a memberl
oi the Grinnell class oi 1910.

with others of his time.
‘Piranesi. an aspiring architect
who turned to art in a time
when the struggle for pei‘specs
tival knowledge and procedure
was complete, used perspective
to attain emotional impact,

“The ‘Prison' series, perhaps

 

‘is

overwhelmed. by masonry andi
vast inhuman spaccs of his own
creation" he continued. “The
vastness of space is communi-t
catcd by. means ol placement or}
iigures, prisioncrs and gual'ds,‘
within the structurcs." i

the best known, contains 16
etchings of Vast interiors pic-
tured in Complex perspective."

McMillan Continued.

nGrcat piers sustain monue
mental arches through which
one sees galleries, colonnades,
stair-ways, great beams, ladders,
racks. and chains intersectingivalucd at nearly $6,000, prqvide
and dciining architectural in- the most perfect record cit
terior that never existed, except Pirancsi's time or the antiques}
in the imagination of the artist.”,of Rome, “Théy are one man'si

Piranesi, who was born nearlrccord oi nostalgic admiration‘

Venice, grew up in that uniquc’of the great ruins of the ‘glor-l
city during a period or great

ious past' in an era impotent to‘
engineering enterprises of the engage in monumental archi—
conals. “The monumental scaleitectural enterprises" McMillan
of this cngagement oi great 7 ‘
pile—driving machines and small
men against the sea is looked
upon as an important formative
element or the artist," McMillan
lid.
’ in

Other prints in this voliiine,l

Northwestern 103
Texas

the ‘Frison‘
dominated, in

series.
last

man
he is

 

 

DANISH MAID BAKERY

HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue

(lose, or :i total of $75 for the and 7:30.

‘Jasper Couniy' Pdsis NoWOp;

Sttidcnts interested in poi-tier on the basis of academic Com—
pating in the “Jasper County petence, training in the social
research proiect” this summonsciences and research interests.
should contact one oi the fol-l Preicrence is given to junioi ,
lowing taculty members as soon but sophomores or seni rs may
as possible: Vladimir Duprc also be choscn. The positions for
(psychology), Alan Jones (his- students are salaried. The pro]-
tory), Kenyon Knopf (econom-‘ect is composed of both iaculty
ics). or Paul Smith (political‘and students and is concerned
scienceL with public policy iormation at

Selections are made primarily ithe community level.

Piranesi E tc/iings

said. ‘cant works or art,

Some oi the etchings in (110' Currently this volume is the
volume will remain in a studyiieatured exhibit at the showing
collection and others ivill beiof “Recent Glits and Acquisi—
hung in the various huildingsitions," in the Schaciier Gallery
on campus, where they will be—,in the Fine Arts Center at the
come a part of the evcrydainollege. This exhibit will con-
exposure oi students to signifi- tinue through March 29.

 

i. now open .t i|l new iii-tun |outiorn—ncrosn min ﬂu sin-iii.

I963 CYCLONE

IS NOW ON SALE—SEE YOUR HALL SALESMAN

MEARS—Carhy Peters

MAIN—Pain Clay

CLEVELAND—Garcia Vaughan
JAMES—Barb Petersen
HAINES—Andy Hand

READ—Johnnie Ruth Edmondson
LOOSE—Sue Loomis and Penny Bender

SPANISH HO USE—Lu

EA$1’—EllicilI Barber
WEST—Jim Roberts
COWLES—George Buck
DIBBLE—John Tegef
CLARK—Jim Hatfield

Urquidi
GERMAN HOUSE—Gregory Mace

GATES—Ira Dubitsky
RAWSON—Pefe Sfcben
LANGAN—Sfeve Buckles
SMITH—Jay Cutler
NORTH—Bill Petersen
SOUTH—John Moore

at Anyone having pictures suitable for use in THE CYCLONE contact Dick Wedemeyer. Ext. 514. $.75 will be paid for each pic- *

Sales W'II End March 25

iure used.

 

Frlclay, March 22. I963

Dr. Rollo May:

SCARLET AND BLACK

Freud Misinterprei‘ed Oedipus

By Lynn Dcnzlcr
s & 13 News Editor

In his final Gates lecture last‘

own sell-knowledge. He spoke
ﬁrst of lhe old blind mall, Te
who ltnerr‘ the truth con-

re cis, .
Oedipus parents.

ot onc‘s consciousness to know
who and what he is is dimcult,
but it has the virtue in which
man becomes a human heing.

Page Five

TUCS‘W DY» R0110 may “’0‘“ “mung up The struggle results in grace to

on the subject, “Oedipus ilndl “Tcl‘esms plays the iolc
tthroblemoi SclHKnowlcdge.”rpsychoanalyst who leads the
and on the role ot myth in the‘pllgrlmagc to rind mans‘litllh
modem \Vorld- ‘abour himself He can gain in—

--Myth is a bridge between‘sight it not ovcr-zllld'ztclild by
the subject oi experience and‘cxtiancous details, ht. sat. u
the objective world,” he said. On the other hand, the nio i-
~~It is the quintessencc oi 6» er and \Kle, Jocasta, who sus-
periencc. True myths carry the pects the horrible truth, uisles
ultimate meaning that illumi. Oedipus not to worry abouthhc
nates ior us eternal truth.” inner problems or truthL cshe

To illustrate his concepts on is the voice or ddillslllllerlwosl‘l‘
myth, May traced the story or dcnci May continuec,‘ “my
Oedipus, as it was told by‘ingiol the acceptancco i t y

Sophocles and than related his‘wilhoul. relation to “'llll‘l»

. basrs

own ideas on the psychological limcnl ls exﬂe and
interpretations,

"The Oedipus story
in Freud and is present
in other schools as well," he
said But in the new areas of.

"The pllhis

thus the tragedy its

reaches
darn marl [ears osll’acism
(him loss of power.

constructed 1. ll 6
a drama

“(#an
even more
Sophocles

thought, analysis differs from drama oi. IOedipus‘ as
that of Freud, who, according of I’CCOl‘lClllilllOn, relay spoke of

to May, regards the tragic side‘ihis as a “coming through to
of myth. self knowledge.” Al: the conclu-

“Freud’s view is close to the sion of me play, Oedipus has

truth, but there is an error inlgained not only true insight, but,

interpretation." he said. in dif— maturity “He has the power to
faring with Freud, May regards impart grace because, he has
Oedipus as a struggle in the gone through the emotional and
self-consciousness with railh,;spiritual struggles which mean
rather than with sex. This or gs‘maturily," said May. “if he has
one in contact with the existen-leouragc to face his ownvprobr
tialist who is concerned withllcms, he has the expansion of
man's struggle with truth about consciousness to understand fele
himseli. low men." _

In discussing the events of, Thus the last emphasis one
the Oedipus drama, May was can gain eoncerning his own
trying to determine what the self-knowledge and the myth is
work could tell man about his the ideal or love. “The struggle

 

NOW THAT WE HAVE
YOUR UNDIVIDED ATTENTlON

Complete Greeting Card Line

with
the

others and reconciliation
self Love is able to be
lrmlh and pain of life."

‘EncrlunEFWilh
life Necessary
for Creativity

By John Wulf ‘
Asst. News Editor

“Most studies of the psychol-‘

is the full circle. Exile is a symbolic ogy of creativity have been )1—

adequate,” stated Dr. Rollo May,
in his second Gates lccturc last}
Monday morning in Herrick,
Chapel The topic ot this leciul‘el
was "Creativity and Encoulliclx”:

According to Dr. May, manyl
studies of creativity have stress‘
cd the individual, and theretore,
not enough emphasis has heenl
put on abstractions l
May put iorth a th ~v based
on his [Ellis with artls “Cr r
atlvity," he explained, evolves}
irom an encounter. Something,
is born that did not exist be,
fore.” ‘
l A serious error in the pSy-‘
chology of creativity, said May,
,has been the attempt to ﬁndl
something in an artist that isl
‘transterred to his work, Inslcad,l
the investigator should seek to,
under-stand both the internall
and external poles oi encounter.

Departing trom the main
topic slightly, May maintained
that today’s emphasis on tech-,‘
niaue is spoiling the “creativity
ot spirit," lie cautioned that it
this country e -cr underestimates
its poets and artists, it will have
taken the rust step toward lode
ing its scientists.

Today, May asserted, we let
technique stand between us and
the encounter; we let bombs and
missiles keep us irom a direct:
encounter with lire.

Creativity involves passion as,
well as talent, May protesscd.
Many or i‘oday’s artists are (air
ented but lack the spark of pas-

sroh

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

:'\ Peirce. _Corp volunteer, leaching chemistry and [rials
titty in a Bible, Brilish Honduras. high school, helps It
laboratory student analyze the contents of a (est tube.

Peace Corps Exam ls March 23; 3
Applicants Need Questionnaire i

Non-competitive placement bring a completed questiollmin
tests for Peace Corps Volun- to thetest site with them
tecrs will be given in 523 cities Questionnaires may be ob.
across the nation on Saturday, taincd tram campus Peace
March 23. Corps liaison officers or from
Many college students will be any post othce.
oi? campus for Spring vacrn More than 5,000 successful
tions, and Pence Corps othcials applicants are now assigned to'
hope the 'de dispersal of test- 50 countries in Asia, Ailica and
lag locations will make exams Latin America,
available to Peace Corps appli. The niiinlicr or Volunteers
cents wherever they are. has increased 73 percent (from -
The tests will begin at 3-30 22,816 to 5,009) since last June
a.m._ at designated vs, c il 30. The Peace Corps expects W
Service Commission testing assign 4,000 more Volunteers by
centers On~caln1>us testing the end of this year.
,sites will not be used except in All applicants must he us.
illslallccs designated by Cilil citirens who are at least 13
Service. years or age. There is no upper
To be eligible to take the age limit. Married couples \vitlld
exam, candidates must have out dependent children may
either submitted aquﬁtionndirc serve it they both qudllly Io:
w the Peace Corps, or must the same overseas project.

Polii‘icel WOrkshop Willvhe W
Allended by Four Freshmen

 

. . ‘
Because passion is Imporlant, A student delegation oi fourlvolved in the process or let'
to creativity, May advocated freshmen and a faculty advrser lation will be led by polit al
reading or writing M (he times will represent Grinnell at the scientists, legislators, lobbyists,

VARSITY

 

 

NORTH CAMPUS
S OUTH CAMPUS

both agencies are served by

IOWA CLEANERS

Specify us by name for
quality service or less cost.

 

or most intense intellectual fel'»:annua1 workslwp of the 1mm
vor. An encounter should bepenter for Education in Politics,
poweriul enough to mentally next Monday and Tuesday in
shake a person, explained MBY-‘Des Moines

Margaret Brewer, Meals, and
1 John Black, West Norris, ot the

‘ PATRONlZE EEK?I{§:::Il),lilci::rs,m:llld 3’:
YOUR - jphen Johnson, Dibble, of the
ADVERTISERS

tYoung Democrats Club, will at.
iend the workshop. c. Edwin
:Gilmour (poll. sci), director or
:the Program in Practical Politi—
,cal Education, will accompany
‘ille group as adviser.

The theme or the workshop
,wili he “Politics and the LegiSr
llative Process." The workshop
ses ons on Monday, March 25,
will be held at Drake University.
:Discussions oi the factors in-

103
0

Northwestern
Miami

 

 

SALES . REPAIR t. RENTAL

it Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
* Hermes

LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKE
* * * it
, SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
Imprinted March Book Covers
School and Parry Supplies
M' ecgruphing .
GRENNELL OFFEQE SdﬁPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFlC-E

 

 

_newsmcn, and state leaders of
,both political parties. On Tues<
day, March 26, the students and
ladvisers will visit the lowa Gen.
‘el'al Assembly, observing both
it o u s o s, attending committee
meetings, and talking with in.
,dividud] legislators and lobby—
istsr

Transportation lodging, and
meals for the Grinnell delegation
will be paid for by the irr-
Center tor Education in Polit

Poetry and Story
,‘Deadline is April 8

The deadline for manuscripts
submitted for consideration in
,il-le Steiner short story and
,Whitcomb poetry competition
:hns been announced as April 2.
,The prizes are $60 and $100, re—
spectively. Contestants should
submit their work typed and in
‘triplicate to Mr. Cleaver,

Students lnfernarionul

Travel Association
Join the 10th

Hawall Study Tour

June 21 through August 2

includes study Period, Al‘s
cornniodations. Social Actu-
itics tln events-l, sightseeing.
and FUV FUN FUN.

Obtain detailed iniorrnatinn
ii-oin Judy Prcisslc on l‘nm-
pns, or Grinncll Travel Cone
tor. sns Filth Avenue.

 

Page Six

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, March 22, I963

 

Animal
Life

By SlitiTn

Smith Halt clinched the 1M
basketball title and won the
bowling tournament last week
to rise to second place in the
McMurray trophy race. in has»
hetball. the “B” team edged
out Rawson, 50,49, and in bn\rl—‘
ing, the learn totaled 2290 pins,‘
45 more than second place
Cowles,

The Smith ”A” team, which,
compared to many of the other
1M teams, had no outstanding,
individuals, won its games‘
mainly by virtue of a tenacious

Mutlh
l lurk

mates
nibble

defense. The team was paced
in scoring by the tor-ecourt work
of Bruce Bell, Bob Chubrleh,
and pete Kollrnan, who all av-l
eraged more than it points pel‘i
game, but guards Arlan pannet
Paul Trigg and Chip Clarke‘
came llirough with key tallies,
The “A” team ended with an B-Z‘
record, losing to Dibble in over»
time and to Clark, 1

The Smith ”B" team also woni
s of its to games, its losses be-i
ing at the hands ot Cowles and
Clark. Tire “B" learn, which re,

MAC ML‘KULAY rltornr LEADERS

('owle‘
Smith

lied on a press and a very ef
feclive press, had balanced scor—
ing, with Kirk Van Rooyan,;
John Lischer, John Montgomery,i
John Slrierholz and Jim nan:
dall all averaging between 8
and l2 points per game.

in the basketball standings,
Clark ﬁnisl at second with a
record of 15 5. followed by le»
ble and Cowles.

The 1M bowling meet saw
John Montgomery of Smith
come within 7 pins or the alle,
time high, sandwiching a 167i
game between two 211's to ﬁne
ish with a 589 series Other,

m newt \‘G i
Smith r
entries
Eric
mat a-
nilrlile

I}

.- "we.

var, rare
Gem x» 1;ul

r
members of the victorious Smith}
.team were Jim Randall, Pauli
Trigg, Don Dietrich and Gordi
Gibbs. After Cowles in the
standings came East Norris and
Clark,

 

FGVA
134-328
10172750

37-203
70-211
62-134
53456
21753
12—30
12-53
7—21
2-10

G
20
20
20
20
l!)
20
15
13
15
11

5

7.

Jim Milrlin
John Srrndcll
Gar Smith
Dennis Asby
Kent Roger-son
Dave Sellergrcn
. Tom Bnclrlroltz
vDick Ulrich
Clyde Smith
Randy Morgan
Bari-y Anderson
Dcnnis Hanssen

‘paul

‘Speech Wednesday in ARH.

By Jeri Knhllmm
S Sc 8 Staff Writer

Tomorrow the Grinncil indoor
track team will travel to Cedar-
Falls to compete in the Iowa
indoor Relays

The Pioneers will be running
without the lull services ol Fred‘
Berg, leading sprinter, who \t'as‘
injured last ireekend While this‘
won't make things airy easier,
for the Pioneers. Coaclr Young:
still predicts a second planti‘
{inish State College or Iowat
the largest school entered. has‘
won this meet by a large mar-i
gin almost every year, It is a
fairly Safe bet that this tradie‘
tron will continue for at leasti

onc more year, 1

Just as the Pioneer ltlnncrs‘r
probably wont put too much ot,
a scare into the hearts of SCI,
boosters there doesn't scorn to,
be anyone to really threaten,
Crinnell for second place This!
is one of the few times that,
Young has not been rather pes-,
simistic in his predictions. it
should be interesting to see iltRow:

“9 is ”51“» ltietl Webb. Fourth Row:
A great deal depends on tlis‘ﬂﬂd Couch Dick ‘A’Ollnsst

rill, Pete Krill

'Arntlldi Mike Fox, Pete ansii'f, Toni DeBer‘s
Rlsn Scllachci, Dare Anneberg‘, Paul Reins, Fred Berg. Jack Hatfield, and Wen-
Gene Kowert, Rein Saml, Rich Rosensweig, Tom Langworthy,

!Rtlnners to Compete in land ﬁeldys,

5 _ ”K .tr .i

i The 1963 Midwest Conference Indoor Track Champions from Grinneil are as fol-
Fl'ont Rmv, i 10 r: Bruce Beckord, Rod Brown, Jeri Lang'hzlln, Paul Patterson, Bob
, Bill Mornin, and John Edgren. Second Row: Andy Goldstein, Fred

Jlahn Sutton, and John Russell. Thirt

 

three relay races, as a lirst in
them is worth ten points, The
scoring in the individual eventsr
awards live points to the win-t
her. The Pioneers will enlel‘i
Patterson, Pete Kranz.‘

, _ , Freshman and varsity awards
3““ Bec‘w‘d’ and 3““ Lang‘1will go to 53 Grinnell College

harm in the twenlyicur lap I‘E- basketball, swrlnming, and tyres-
lay Tire medley relay team can» tling team members, John

,sxsts oi Berg, John Edgren, TomiPIltseh, director of lntercollegi- MacKiiiglit and Will Van Horne

Deberg, and Langham The team late athletics, announced Mori-

of Langlram, Edgren, Becker-d,‘ 3’"

. These to include five seniors,
and Berg will compete in the Denny Ash), Kent Hegemony
twelve lap race.

iCpr Smith (basketball), and

v.

Winter Sports Awards to 53

Tom Ettchholiz, Jim Mifllin,
Randy Morgan, Kent Rogerson,
Also named were John Sun-‘Dave Seller-gren, Clyde Snritli,
ldell and Jim Mifthn, and Alear Smith, John Sundcll, and
-Dick Ulrich,
Swimming Jirn Adelman,
Jim Cross, Palmer Hart], Ralph

Jim Cross and

‘ (swimming).

John Tegct

yea-captains for

next year's bas
ketball and wrestling teams, le-
Spectively. iPi-ay, Howard Schein, and John
The varsity letter-winners: =Teget,
Basketball 7 Dennis Asby,i wrestling

Caiodney,

 

,Criey Hits McCarran Act

Leveling charges against ihe‘a critique of the act, asserting
McCarran Act and the Houselthat the law, while purporting
UneAmerican Activities Commit—‘to require inst registration, in
tee, Richard Criley, who has tact makes it impossible for the
been called before the Senate organizations in question to exist
internal Security Committee at all and violates the ﬁrst and
three times and before the ﬁfth amendments.

HUAC twice, discussed “ﬂu-Ml} Reviewing organizations which
the MC_Carran Act and Dem06~‘eui-i-ently have cases pending.
racy" m an NSA sponsored including the Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers Union, Crrley

Criley, secretary or the Chi— stated that “Parallelism ,of
mg, Committee to Defend thg'VlEWS” is the main criterion
B,“ of Rights, warned aga“mused in making indictments. Ad—
me govgmmemrs assumption of vanee, a student organization
new powers infringing civil '77
liberties and the possibility or,
a “heavy handed dictatorship of
the right," but concluded will]
an optimistic appraisal of the
possibility lor the repeal or re-
visal oi the McCarran Act.

_ Len
Al MacKnight,
Larry Miller,,

and Will Van

fKen Clynier,
Morgan Michel,
Art chrauch,
Horne.

The lreshrnan
,ners:

Basketball — Phil Coons, Jett-
winch has stood for banning or pram, A_ J Hand, Gordon Kins
nuclear testing, non—intervention Read. 3,11 Landsbcrg, 5am Lu.
in Cuba and the repeal ol the my Denny Macdonald, Terry
McCarran and Smith Acts, is Maynam, A1 Fetal-501m Ted pig.
another group cited by_lhe alaser, Mike Stollcr. Dave Syne
torney general. said Criley. ‘horsi, and Stephen Woolpert.

Changes in the composition of Swimming _ Roger ~Ahen-
the Supreme Court and the droth, Pete Barry, Eric Jacob»
‘House of Representatives, where son, John Kraai, Jeri Lewis,»
,“tio to so representatives now Dave Lundberg, Hugh Penning-
toppose liUAc with varying doe ton, and Tom Poster.
grees of Consistency,” and an Wrestling — Bill Barnes, Jirn
linereasing awareness or the Holzrnger, Kris Nash, Larry
‘publie are the basis of Criley's Peppers, John Pojman, Dan
hope tor- repeal, ,Rcising. Ken Strublcrr Gary

i ‘,VViisOn, and Keith Zolla.

numeralewine

Elecrions arranged. Cull
Ralph. Ext. 451

 

r
In conjunction with the cur—t
rent McCarran Act campaign on‘

 

the Grinnell Campus, Cl'lley gave

.i Planning A
‘ Purl-y?

PF TI' AVG
4.5 39’!
66 274
40 197
37 179
25 138
39 123

7 45
7 33
11 28
8 19
l

1

FT-A REE
12971ﬁ3 138
66-118 306
25-45 107
38757 81
14-24

17727

3-4

9—2

19.: ,

Hungry for good
Baked goods?

Order cakes. cookies.
and pastries from

0
2
G
0

‘eiw‘q'min'a'ni-‘boa

 

 

Announcing 'l'

Guirar player in Cowles Hall.

Lloyd Fri'l'zmeier

jab/rig

loadlly
SAD/9

923 Broad Sf.

he rhirreenrh

 

 

 

PhRT ES

We give special relies +0 Col-i

lege purﬁes.

Compare Wiih Saga

Ahrvuno's Tel. 236-6222

 

 

 

 

Friday. Marc‘h 22. I963 SCARLET AND BLACK

 

 

:Tips for Foreign Tour falters? 5’ ﬁll/3W5}

Karen Adkiiison are usually broke." and can he procured beiore dos
5&1} Feature Editor Warm rugged clothes, a sheet. Daimle- The ﬁnest name in cosmetics nt
. C _ t E 9 Th chAlsleeping bag. hniie, cooking “Hitchhiking is an, accepted
'0‘"! [a “FUPE- e utensils, dictionary, and tarp‘practiee all over Europe even
were“ hints for “'Wélel's .by were the equipment he advised for girls. A good way to find a THARP PHARMACY
seasoned exnel‘ls M a discussion for scootering An international ride is to team up with a girl i . l l ,-
1asl.T|{65day EVEN": m ARH‘hostcl card obtained from Youth because they can always rind w‘e'e 3"“ 15“ 1mm“ 59““
.Mldllm‘mm- ‘Hostel, New York City, is the rides much quicker,” Patterson (across train the Grinnell state Bank)
my“e 3_ Danny (physics) only admittance to most hostels said.
presented tips on camping and
touring by car Edith Sternfeldv
tnrtl, who has been to Europe I /
six times, gayo advice about
tears and independent travel: I I I I
t a“. log 6 _ a no vry «‘ ‘ I, .

and Sue Andresen advised
WW e

 

 

about general tot Mike Patr
.lct'snn spoke about youlh hostels
mg and scootering

Denny stressed the importance
or checking about needed docu—
ments such as international

i's’ license, car “passport.“
insurance. and special licenses

for particular countries, a o

conﬁrmennoum IDAViDEAeLOYD H.H.ANDERSON RICHARD L.SMiT R.Mottrt;oMEav.JR. Rotationkutzrizit EARLF.ERDWN

Europe has n “501113110“ v,M,l, SAN DIEGOST. OKLA.ST U,tFac.) U.0FMtcHlGAN TEXASTECH:COLLEGE LDRASCOLLEGE COLGATEtFac,)

for red tape. The border bus
reauerat is never happier than
when he iineis an array of
documents which all need to .
be stamped. it's kind at fun '
Oto watch him stamp gleefully -
s to Denny.

He Continued. “We Ilaplhened
to buy a Volkswagen which was
he same color and make as

Tulxlrh taxis. Needless to say, . ALBERGJR. v.M.McMANAMoN JOSE M. MARTINEZ

“'C “'“Md many “”1“ “5 we UrOF exit. 05er rrcrtmusr. couznoh u.
went right on by the bus stop - .

where they were waiting,"
. l America 5 hottest new
Sue Andresen noted the val sportsccrwcrnnlet

etv o! tours Open to a traveler,
today. She explained that most
days were planned and that tlte'
schedule was rigorous.

I It I
“Being with it tour, we were
always treated like Americans. I

I‘ve never had so much fried
chicken." she c 0 m m c n f. e d .

Sometimes I would want to | - -
get free of the herd because IMPORTANT. If you hold any of the 15 Winning

we We” 50 conslﬁwnusw l numbers, clalm your Pontiac Tempest LeMans Con- LAP 3
tourists, but we did get to see vertl’ble in accordance with the rules on the reverse WINNI'N'G

a great many or the most im- of your license plate,
portant landmarks. so it was ‘

\i'nl'UI being a tourist." NUMBERS
Miss Stel'nfcld emphasized the I
iced for preparation, ”16 need 20 CONSOLATION PRIZESTOO!

to decide exactly what purpose

a person was travelling for.
She advised reading up on the

countries so that sights would > 1.A483212 6.3304290 11:0426799

lave some meaning and idenlilyﬂ If you hold a Consolation Prize number you win a
“If 3 no . t - 'tl h . , h ‘ ., 2. C356895 7. A622200 12. A441621
or voaf‘xi‘n‘eo‘iﬂgnggév“(gk‘c '23:” 4sspeed Portable Hl'Fi Slereo Set, The Waltz by

spare moments and get lost RCA Victor. Or, you may still win a Tempest! (See 3- A052375 8.A000831 13. C741245
somewhkere. Gett' on a :tt‘EE‘LCﬂll: or ofllclal claiming rules on reverse of your license 4_ (3623490 9, (2050080 14, 3443354
ms. as- ques tons o a po lee. | t I d b - - U. . .

p a e an o serve claiming dates given above) 5‘ 3797115 A 10‘ 3711674 15' 3597516

man. tall: to passer-shy so that
or _ _. CONSOLATION PRIZE NUMBERS!
r s to. money, American

you can get a ditrerenl outlook
on the country," she said.

Tt‘ﬂtelelES' Check; it" T5“? ‘36; ‘ 4 .- ' 1.3896I22 6.3501II1 11.0501532 16. conssa
nonnnarons arc es. ry o ge .
rid 01‘ change before crossing - ,. . 212359461 7.c41saas 12.n1sun2 17.A913021

‘hﬁlbcm‘degfigcf "ﬁfty th‘mfeil , , ‘ . ' acetmau B. ceaaecs 13.A151426 18.3315344‘
r. any n n is, e 65‘ ~
place in “inflates is in me: 7 romeo”: 9.3163108 14.n11soso 19rA1eso43

safe of the hotel — even smalli . 5. A537928 10. 3468625 15. 3429004 20. 6031599
hotels have them.”

 

3 Mike l-attersou commented. l ~~ ' » ,.
“II you scooter, you avoid. . »' “ , rt
money problems because you , ‘ . ‘

GLASSES Sweepstakes lor colleges only

7 More than 50 times the chance to win than if open to the general public.
Mode and Repaired in

Q ammo-is to go!

Get set lor the last lap. . . 20 more Tembests and 25 .

géﬁﬁi‘ﬁﬁf Lenses mare Consolation Prizes! or course, entries you‘ve al-

‘ ready submitted are still ln the running—but enteragaln

7 and improve your codsl And, if you haven‘t entered yet,
CASES AND NOW‘S THE TIME! All entrles received before March
29th wlll be eliglble to win one oi the 20 Tempests to be
SOLUTlONS awarded in Lap 4! 80 pick up an entry blank where you

buy your cigarettes. . . todayl
EYES ‘

EXCLUSIVE FOR THE GIRLS!

it you win a Tempest you may
choose instead a thrilling expense-

. E J Jensen, 0"” > ' / ‘ paid2.wccknoiidayinEurope—tor F'LTE "
‘ ' ‘ , '- Rs

two! Plus $500 in cash!

05mm?" ‘ Get with the winners...
Amss non eon Office ' far ahead in smoking safisfaction.’

SEE THE PDNYIAC TEMPEsT AY VOUR NEARBY PoNTtAC aseuzm

EXAMINED

ccm . mm roccetoco

 

 

 

 

Page Eigh‘l

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, March 22, I963

 

More Leilers L

Ex-jcistice ConJemns Decision

To the Eilitur:

Because the Grinllell College
High Court has rendered itselt
virtually impotent. 1 am an-
nouncing my resignation [mm
the, position OI Justice of the
High. Court. in essence, the
High Court has decided that it
is not competent to rule in cases
of constitutionality. This is par
(lclllarly unfortunate because
the Student Government Assoc
ciation Constitution says, “Only
the High Court shall have the
pow-er to interpret this consti~
tution"

For the benefit oi both my
colleagues on the court and
the students of Gimnell, i must
elaborate. What do I mean
when I say, "The High Court
has decided that it is not com-
petent to rule in cases of com
stilutionaltly"? On Tuesday ev -
ning, March 19, the High Court
heard the case of Margaret
Martin vs. AWS Board Miss
Martin was contesting the con—
stitutionality of an election
procedure which the AWS
Board had instituted. After the
court heard the case presented
by both the plaintiff and the de~
fcndant, the court deliberated
and reached its decision. That
decision upheld the arguments
which the plaintiff, Margaret
Martin, put forth, by a vote
oi 3‘2.

When this do sion was rcaclle
ed, a {acuity advrser to the
court stated that thc defends
ant. the AWS Board. might
choose to contest the court den
cision by questioning the inn
partiality oi at least one of the
High Court members, He noted
that one member of the AWS
Board had suggested this possi-
bility to him, Immediately, the
court members
ollcd in an attempt to
impartiality, but they could
reach no consensus. One mom»
ber‘ said that impartiality is an
absolute term; another said that
no court member can be impar-
tial it he has heard any argue
nlcnts presented outside of the
courtroom; a third said that nine
partiality simply is a conscious
etiort to keep an open ninid
during the court proceedings.
And so the court members hurL
ed dciinitiens back and forth at
one another tor an hour.

But the integrity of thc court
had been challenged. Ther-elore,
each court member was asked
to state whether or not he
could render a disinterested
judgment, When the two wo~

nicn members were called upon

Abilene High
Texas

40
D

HOUSEPARENT Unique
opportunity for years learn.
ing about how psychological
and social science knowledge
can bc translated into growth
ior 18 bright but disturbed
children. Interracial staii oi
20 adults, 3 ct them with
professional training, .vc- s oi
experience. Residential treat—
nncnt rolc oi Houscaarcnt in-
cludes childcare and environ—
mental trcatmcnt i-esnonsib -
ity for dorm group of 6 ch .
dren, 3% days work week,
45-50 liou s. 1 month paid van
cation. lrrservicc _training
supervision by social group
worker, 1/; dny weekly seni—
colonial buildings. in minutes
inars with noted child psy»
cliiatrist, 30 acres at woods,
irom Chicago, Children par-
ticipate in activity oi sun
rounding community. Positions
opening in summer for col.
lege graduates who have
goals of graduate study in so.
cial work ,clinical psychology,
special education .thc miil'
try. Start at $250 mo. pi i

F. R. King. ltidgc Flinn, all
room. hoard. I’l‘el‘cr impli—
cants from midwcst colleges.
iii Old Mill Rd., Lake Forest,

 

 

became betud-,
define

to state their impartiality, prob-
lems arose which the court was,
not able to overcome. Clcarlyl
the decision oi the High Court
would aliert every woman at
lGrinncll. Could either woman:
on thc court, then, be if inter-i
cstcd‘>\ Furthermore, discussions;
on the issue had permeated the
quadrangle. Could cither wa—
man say that she had escaped
hearing all such discussions7
Ultimately, both women ab-
stained because their integrity
had been questioned, and he-
icause they could not honestly
answer “yes" to either of the
above questions. Because both
women abstained, the oiiginal
decision oi the High Court was
reversed, and the deichdant
won by a vote oi 271.

ii the High Court continues to
proceed according to the policy
which determined the outcome
of the case of Margaret Martin
vs. AWS Board, it will no long-
er bo able to decide in cases of
constitutionality. if ever a pro—
vision in the Men’s House
Rules is questioned, the men on
the court must disqualiiy (hem-
selves because they will be up,
looted by the decision that tbcyi
make. Or if a law passed by the;
Strident Senate is questioncdn
all of the court members mllsli
disqualify themselves, because‘,
illtcy will be aticcted by the dc»

‘Cision that they make Since‘
four court members comprise a

‘will

thlllbers
:selves when they are asked to

[union of Yore Colonialism ls

quorum, the court will bc un—

able lo act.

The court has indulged in an
» avagant absurdity. There
no such thing as the kind of
impartiality which the court
member. have been seeking.
since each court member lives
within the system he is being
asked to judge, he, cannot pos-
sibly be absolutely impartial
All that can be expected of any
court member is that be honest
1y try to hear both sides oi
every case.

Quite candidly, i do not think
that, in the luture, the court
proceed according to its
policy ot Tuesday, March l9, I
do not think that men court
will disqualify them—

judge the constitutionality of a
Men’s House Rule, i do not

think that women court members

will disqualify themselves when
they are asked to Judge Ihe Con-

sliltllion provision:
think that all

I do
court

asked to
of
this

they are
constitutionality
enactment. But
co
agant absurdity it is so extrav—
agant an abs ity that it
versed the oi «inol dec‘ ion of
the case of Margaret Mar-tin vs.
the AWS Board,
Nancy Lee Norton

.1
limC.

Applications Now Being Accepted
.for Speaker-of-ihe-Senaie Post

By Richard Olilemeyet
S & B Staff Writer

Applications for the position
of speaker of the senate are
‘now being accepted by Terry
‘Parssinen, interested persons
:should contact hnn before Weds
nesday.

An additional appropriation
was granted to the
Student Association tor its Mc-‘
Carran Act education progr rn.
Part of this money is being
,uscd to bring pro and
speakers for a series of iour‘
:coﬁ'ee hours. Two faculty

members and Several

are conducting a coffee hour lo-"
:day at a pm in Younker lounge. l

Monday, Albert Payne will

speak in favor of the act a! 3:45.

in Alumni Recitation Hall and
torium, Debates on the act are
scheduled for Monday house
meetings.

is‘

,stitutionahty of an AWS Con-‘
not.
members‘
will dsqualiiy themselves ll'hen‘
judge the;
Senatei
thcl
urt has indulged in an extrav-t

re- 1

students ‘

The appointment of Gaylon

sistant Student Auditor was 3150

approved, as was that of Caron

of Budgets.
Constitutions.

Nominations

:McCarran Sludy Group to Meet ’

A delegation irom the McCar—
rari Act Study Group, led by
Dan Fl'ictllalldcr, Cowics fresh—
man, is attending a right-wing
rally at HoytShcrinan Audilo-‘
riunr in Des Moines tonight, at
which General Edwin A. Walkeri
‘zmd Dr. Billy James Hargis will
be the featured speakers.

Transportation for the group
will be furnished by the Pro-
gram in Practical Political Edu-
cation, and C, Edwin Gilmour
tpcli. sci), PPPE director. will
,accompany the students,

The meeting, one or a series

of coast.to.coast rallies, has been
billed as “Operation Midnight

Pride,” inspired by “lhe midnight Toynbee says (h
to aleri to see

ride of Paul Revere.

National Uinbarger to the position of As-‘

lives No More

A Poem To The Union
The union old is now, no more
alive:

Instead two basements,
the cycsorc thrive,

not

Its vaguely stuccocd walls are
white; the trim

Around the windows grey. The
prospect grim

Assails the eye when first you
one the door

Fluorescent lights and shining
chrome yet more

Enforce the feeling that
you remain

if

A nurse will lead you home
to the insane.

Where is the salmon trim. the
walls Df brown?

Where the benches
with lumpy down?

Where is the wall with script,
“It's Curmins, Jack"?

Where the dance ﬂoor ﬁlled
with shadows black?

“’here is the home of Eros:
those rooms upstairs?

tThe only place the god could
have his inns)

Where? Gone. The trucks are
taking them away.

The tears that mark their end
protuscly now

And more will come for all the
people know:

These things that mean
much can never be

I \Vhere the only law and rule

i is chasti

iToynbee Sees

Sluﬁ‘ed

i

so

n Ari Works

Visiting Heath professor Arn—
iold Toynbee spoke at the Fine
tArts Lecture last Wednesday
tin Roberts Theatre, His sub-
iiect concerned, “The Signif-
ticance oi Culture and its Styles
‘ior the Historian,”

Toynbee stated that the
is not interested in
its intrinsic value as a

i Dr.

thislorian
tart for

caniline Snﬁley to the Committee work. but rather its value as a
and human document in history,

1 “The historian makes the his
torical approach — as a human
being — ior his own role in
history and as a historian uses
it for his own purpose."

By observing works of art,
at man is able
and understand human

his countrymen of the enemylal'falrs and how they appear as

within and without."

General Wa e, resigned mi
itar-y ofticer a estcd for partic
pation in the University of Mis-
sissippi integration riots, will
speak on ”The
Threat, international" Dr. Har—
sis, founder-

Christian Crusade, will

Communist ‘

movements in time.

Norlhwesl‘ern Adviser
on Campus Wednesday

There will be a representative

on "The Communist Threat, ln-i’P‘JSE Df talking “'“h Students

ternally,"

 

ATMOSPHERE

 

MAKE A DATE WITH
A STEAK TONIGHT

ENJOY THE FlNEST FOOD AND

LGNGHORN .

IN GRINNELL

 

i
i

interested in their M.A.T.
gram. He will also talk
any juniors interested
career in teaching.

pro-
\v itli
ill a

Appointments should be made
in room 102 oi Carnegie. He
will be available from 1:30 PM.
through the alternoon.

Human Hisl'ory‘

Toynbee Topic

aloiiialism in Rctrosps
will be the subject of Dr. Artie
,old J, Toynbcc's public lecture
tat Crinnell College on Monday
.at a pm. in Herrick chapel,

i This will be the first oi thrcc
evening lectures to be given
lherc by Toynbec, who is Heath
:visiting protessor of history at
tGrinnell this semester The
iotiler two will be Tuesday.
iApril 9, and Monday, May l3,
{both also at 8 pm. in Herrick
[chapeL

The three are part oi a series
giving during his stay in Grin-
oi 11 public lectures Toynbec is
rich Four others remain on the
Monday morning schedule _
April 15. 22, and 29, and May 6
all at it am, in Herrick
‘chapei

Realism of India
in Film ‘Karma’

Karma, a documentary ﬁlm
on india, will be shown Sunday
at 7:30 pm. in ARH Auditorium,
Monday at 4:15 pm in Burling
Library Viewing- Room. and
‘again at 7:30 pm. Tuesday in
the Science Lecture Room (Rm.
125).

This is a “cultural shock"
film, which concentrates on the
more depressing aspects of In-
ldian life. Some of the comments
on this ﬁlm are as follows:
“Completely realistic." “Great
‘impactinew awareness of their
problems. especially the need
ltor education " “A real shocker,
but you get a feeling of futility."
“Discouraging? Hell, no! It's a
ichallengel if we can't face the
‘facts—we had better stay hornet"
“For young Peace Corps peo-
pic 1 think this is excellent for
llhem—it shows them the ire-
'mendous job to be done."

‘Flying Band'
{in Give Concert
.in Darby Gym

-‘ One of the nation’s foremost
'militnry bands will present a
free public concert tomorrow
from 3 to 4:30 pm. in Darby
iSyrn.

‘t The noepiece "Flying Band" oi
)the Us, Air Force's Strategic
Air Command will be under the
,direction of Capt, Herman H,
,Vincent, a 12-year Air Force vet—
eran and iormer principal trumv
peter with the Wichita Syn‘r
iphony,

; Holder of a Master's degree in
ginusic from Louisiana State Uni-
versity, he has done graduate
work at the Jllllinrd Conserva—

and director opoi Northwestern University on,tory
Speak} campus Wednesday ior the pur-

Capt, Vincent held positions
as hand superi-isor oi the USAF
in Europe, Continental Air
Command and Air University
commands before assuming the
,SAC post,

The free concert is being ca»
sponsored by the College and
the 255th Air Force ROTC Car
det Squadron of Grinnell

 

Don'l' be

a shaggy

dog spring vacaliort!

Be clean cut when you get home.

Get yourself a haircut from

LARRY'S
nnnnn SHOP

Basement location under the Rexnll Drugstore

 

 

