grinnell College

Scarlet @Black

Oldesl College Newspaper Wesl of the Mississippi
Grinnell, lowa, Friday, February i5. I963

 

Vol. LXX

 

Board of Overseers

Elect nine to planning group

Nine additional members have omcer, Farmers Mutual neiiisunwice-prcsidcnt, Magnetic Indus-
. . , once Co, Grinnell, tries, Paio Alto. Calif,
19°“???‘,°,‘,",°.G”'.‘“e§ C°l . Robert E. Mannheimcr, class w. Earl Salns, class oi 1935,
lege °“‘ ° ”‘53“; 5’ ac’ oi 1939, oi Des Moines, la. part— oi Des Moines, Ia. president,
”0“ of the Board 0‘ Trustees per in the law . m oi Dickin-chlavan ilamiiacturing Co, Des
Gl‘mnell President Howard R- son. Throcknioiton, Pai~kcr,‘Moines.
Bowen announccd Thul‘sdw- ‘Mani‘lheimclﬁzliaife, Des Memes: Joseph L Van Horn of Grin-

No. I8,

Robert L. Pcsliel, class of 1950, nell, ILL, president and chief ex ,

l
l
l

l

‘,

l

Their election brings to 31 l
the membership or the Board ‘-
of Overseers, which was create
ed in year ago by a special res-
olution of the Board oi Trus-
tees, oﬁioial governing body of
the college Tile Overseers
function as a planning, consult-
ing, and evaluating body with
particular reference to the
longrterm development of the
college.

i

l

Their meetings in' February,l
June and October overlap with
those oi the Trustees, and their

ex ﬂicio chairman

Libel‘tyville, Ill.

The new Overseers. seven of
whom are Grinnell alumni: l

Charles E. Bear, class oi 1939
oi New York, N.Y.. deputy mai 1
aeaing director, Time-Life intei»
national, New York

Ii Eugene Brcitenbach, class
of 1925, oi Glendale, Calii, judge
of the Superior Court tor the’
County of Los Angeles and pro
siding judge of that court's juve-
nile court.

Miss Elizabeth Rhodes Butler,
class oi 1917, of Fort Dodge, 1a.,
retired director of social work
for the Graham School, Hastings.
on-lrludson, N,Y.

Harold G. Horn, class oi 1933,
oi Portland, Ore., regional man~
aser, Paciiic Northwest oniccs,
Business Men‘s Assurance Co.,
Portland.

Lawrence G. Keenev of Gi'inr
nell, la, president and *eCulivc

Ari leachers
display worl<s
al' Scheaf‘ier

An exhibition of recent work
by the ﬁve members of the art
department is currently on view
in Scheaii‘er Gallery of the Fine

of Los Altos Hills, Calm, vice-l
president and chief engineer;
Frecismli Instrument C0,, and‘

By Larry Smucker l
5 do )3 stair Writer 1

At 11 am today in Darby
gymnasium the distinguished
British historian, Arnold J.

is Trustee Toynbee, delivered the lust in topic, and on March 25 will open
Chairman Edwin s. Hewitt of a series of eleven lectures as a series of three talks open to
[John R. Heath visiting Profesdhe general public on contemr

Soi‘ of History.
Toynbee began a
sequence of talks
History."
According to Fred C. Hess, di-
rector of public relations, Toynr
bee is slated to give a private
interview to the local and nae
tional press \his afternoon.
Toynbee arrived here with his
wile on Monday, and since that
time has toured the campus and
has spoken to Wednesday's his!
torical studies class on the “Fall
of Rollie"

Ric-hard S
tory).

Tins morning
tour—lecture
on “World

Westiali (his-

inator for the
Toynbee vi t, explained that
Toynbee's appointment stems
from correspondence initiated
by the college almost two
years ago. The first Heath
professor, also an Englishman
and an historian. was John
Bowle, who came to Grinneil
in 1960.

Singing both folk song‘s

ecutive officer. General Telex
Odetm will appear tonight in

phone Companies oi Iowa, Mis-
souri, and Nebraska, Grlnncll.

“foremost means of br gingl
Toynbce into contact with stu-
dents."

, About 15 students each time‘
will dine at Grinnell house with‘.
Toynbee. Direct and meaningtull
conversation is the aim, so there‘
will be no faculty present to act
‘as intellectual intermediaries. In
addition to the dinners, Westfalll
is entitled “Colonialism in Re- scared that Toynbw would be‘
ll'OspecL” Then on April 9 receptive to a “limited number”

Toynbcc will discuss “The Probe of invitations to other student
lem of Race Feeling" and on meetmgs,
May 13, “Worldnidc Social Jus—, Lag, semester the history de.
ticc: Demands and Possibilities.” mum", prepared an extensive.
Between April 15 and May 6 lbihliography oi Toynbee writ-
Tuynhee will deliver four ml» ‘ings, and for those bewildered
drums on the ﬁllilosonhy 0‘ by the profusion of availablel
lusloryl Tins series M“ be “material Westfall suggested thel
highlighted on April 15, when ‘abridged "Study of History,"i
Erie Voegelin. proiessor or his— :“Reconsiderations,” and "Hellenrl
wry at the University of Mu- ,ism" as possible starting points.
mcll engages Tnynhee in a Tovnbce, who has traveled
caheeehour dialogue on the ,thc world almost as extensively.
illulosophy of history. Voegelini as he has interpreted its historyil
himself a professor of history. ‘lias been in America inanyl
is an old personal iricnd oi ,tiincs His last visit was in 1961
Toynbec, land took him to eleven colleges,
The inlormal aspects oi Toyn-‘and universities on the East'
bee’s stay will center around a coast. During the Heath profes-l
series of 17 dinner discussions‘sorship he will make a limited
with students. Westiall said this number or appearances over at;
dinner device would be the widely scattered area. rangingl

The iorinal side oi Toynbee's
proicsscrship is contained in the
lecture series. On February 18,
March 1 and March a he will:
wind up the “World History"

pcrary social problems.
The ﬁrst of these on March 25

and the blues, the popular
Darby at 8 pm.

ll’urposes of To ynbee professors/lip told

from Washington, DC, to Cali<
iornia.

For thirty years ,ii-om 1925 to
1955, Toynbec held the position
of director 'of studies at the
Royal institute oi international
Ail-airs in London. He was born
in London in 1539 and educated
at Winchester and Balliol, Ox—
lord ,

During both wars Toynbce
served in a research capacity
with the British Foreign Office,
and during the peace negotiations
other each war _ at Versailles
in 1917 and Paris in 1945 a he
was an oiiieial meinhcr oi the
British delegation.

His great lifevwork the 12—
volume “Study of History," was
conceived during the First World
War Toynbee once said, “It:
struck me that the tragic exper-H
ience we were going through
had already been experienced by
the Greeks. It came to me that
it was possible ior one society
to have expetienced things that
were still in the iuture for
another society.” The mass'Ve
study of parallels between civ
lizations was begun irom this
original idea. Volume twelve
was completed in last.

 

CoiHP takes action

By Dave Baetz
5&3 rrooi CorEditor

One oi Grinnell's coveted trae
dilions was abolished and anothr
er seriously questioned Tuesday
night at the Council oi House
Presidents meeting.

and talks

reshuil‘ling” of the male students.
llhe indivilizl student. He cited

"°“°”'5 ”mum‘s “‘ “1° ltlie lack or interaction between

1) 1' es 9 nt fourryear residence

jconducive to the development oi-

Deba’rers win
‘varsiiy lirsi

Four Grim-tell debaters Won
lrecognition at a recent debate
tournament at Western Illinois

“iraternity»ty‘pe “system” were
centered around three basic
shortcomings: “impropriety, ri—
gidity, and anti-intellectual—
ism,"

Arts Center. The exhibition,l
which is open to the public, will
continue through March 5.

Dean oi Men Stephen E. Wood,‘ According to Hweu the pres.
representing the administration. cut men's housing system is in-
;announced that the cumulative COHS’YUOUS Willi the CDIIEsE'S aim.

The faculty members are rElJ‘ hall grade point averages “.oulduvhich is to piovrde a rich, di-j

resented by 71 works in various not be computed or published versiﬁcd, intellectual atmosphere

1halls and rigid hall traditions as
‘two of the major Iaults in the
present system.

. Alter a prolonged discussion
‘of the advantages and disadvan»
[ages oi both the present and
proposed residence systems, it
was decided that each hall presi-
dent should discuss the
ith members or his hall beiore
any turther action is taken.

 

media, as follows: lior the 1962-63 school year. i,

The dean said, “People take ;
, these averages iar too seriouSA l
. iy while in reality they indi l
cate nothing oi any conse- ,
quence. ‘

.itichard Cerveiie — oils and
’collngcsl

Robert McMillan — oils and
drawings in silvcrpoint and
pen and ink.

Edith Sternfeld — \vaterbolr
ors and travel pllnlugraphs in
color.

"The halls with a greater num~
lber oi ireshmcn or physical sci. _ _
,icncc majois will naturally have Tht‘ 50ml Coordmawl‘ John
a lower grade pom than those‘Gleysieelh announced tod‘ , that
1M”, a higher concenmm" of'thc Friday evening and _5unday
lupperclassnieii or social science “Mm”? We“ "00‘“ 1mm" “"”
,-0,.5r Wood added. The ha 1. be continued next semester
Merle zirkle f Potlery and ‘witli the greatest native ability

. Glenn Zirkle _ silver-smith—
iiig and jewelry.

Social Planning Board announces,
open house policy for semester

l

wards the open house rules.

In a meeting last night the
Board discussed breaches in the
drinking rule and sex miscon-
iduct that could possibly bring

an end to the preeparly open

issue ,

jewelry

The exhibition marks the ﬁrst;
public presentation here oi tlic‘
v-ork oi Merle and Glenn zirkle,_
who Joined the i‘acultv in the
tall oi 1951. '

McMillan, chairman oi the art
department, stated. “Both ol' the.
zii-klcs display work oi excep—
tional dcsi n and craitsmanship,
inviting a reappraisal oi com,-
inon misconceptions concerning
the status of ‘crafls' as art."

might easily end up at the bot-‘-
tom oi these lis '1

with the conclusion oi the mi,
[in] businex‘ . Com? president
Steve Hot:

ll introduced a Dl’ort

lposal im- a new North campus.
ltions were noted by Clcystecn ing
:as causes ior possiblc calicellarist‘dnd on pi‘erplirty program.

hail residence system.

His proposal calls tor a one,
year system of hall residence,
modeled alter the system pl'e‘-‘
ently in use on South campusl
This plan, according to HowelH
would biing about a “desirable

However, the Social Planning,

, University in Macomb.

The students were Vancc 0p.
pcrrnan and Phil Johnson, soph.
lomores, and John Black and
lDick Chady, freshmen. Johnson .
‘and Opperman entered the
varsity, cross-examination event
and won iirst place. oopernaan,
was voted the outstanding single
debater for that event. The
two ircshrncn won excellent mt-
ings in conventional >debating
and were among the top iive
varsity teams.

Represented at the tournament
were 27 different colleges and
universities irom nine states. The
,lGrinnelliaiis debated with sin-i
ldcnts irom Bradley, Virginia
State, Navy Pier, Monmouth,
St, Louis, and Brigham Young.

‘ Another Grinncll debate group

attended a tournament at Cen-
ttl‘al College in Pella Ann
loclugach, Dali Raising, Eric

 

lilacobson, and Ralph Craft re—

Board has reserved the right to
cancel the program at any time
during the semester Gaps in
student responsibility in carry—
ing out the open house regu

tion during the semester

The Social Planning Board
has reserved the right to eval-
uate the student attitude to-

house program and to the regu—
llarly scheduled program

i The Board Voted temporarily‘

,to approve the r lai-ly sched»

rules but did not. take :1

According to Glcystccn, a
closed—door open house policy
was considered but not approved
because oi student violations.

l

lceived a certificate for cxcel~

1 lencc in debating.

sources 7 W

ineluled program under the exist-l

l

l

 

Page Two SCARLET AND BLACK

 

Scarlet and Black

GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, low:

a accily newspaper wubllsllcd cad. i-ridsi- hr iiu. cnlv-v»
cuioiis, Wll.
, Represented ici- not not ndiciusing
tisinc sci» c, lrla.. Collage i>nlihdicis lien.

. is East soil sci-cut, New rail; N.Y. Setulld .

id at. tiiiiiiicll, loiia. siibscimiion rate sun

iiiii norm-i:

l
Cum“. um“ i iiri note: The iollcwiiig ctllumli represents
1

i

Sieve Howell's personal viewpoint to which
the SScB lelld‘ its support and does not rep-

. i . ““55 “WW“ resent the views of the Cot‘lll’ of which Howell
a 151- s . i . .
ss 1- cor- Nullty rciciisii . .5 pmw‘ent

devours ismrolls alcdney, l’liil iiiiig l
$333. “10109; - » - - Pagermﬁglﬁ t it is an curious task to rt‘lliedy the prevailing
. , . Admit,” icliseidci- of a system hoiii within. 1 envision that
. nuniiii s which .nc move to abolish the Mcl' Residence Hall
MM '., “N" it'mlr-vear system will ever (laminate Nollh chins
‘35.}. "lit“: .‘pus This typc of an attempt could be rclated to
an .xuisiuii -tlio rcapportienmcnt struggle in the icwa legiss
,iatui-c never will an icwa legislator acquiesce
All letters to tile Editor written for publication in the Scarlet .to iemovc himself and l * i-cpics italivc po '
it Black must be typed and double spaced, No unsigned letters :tion from pcwci without tcihui directive. Lilies
ill be printed. Howﬂver, writels’ names will be withheld upon l\\'lsc, a 103'le Grinncll miln would never consent

request. The 5&3 reserves the right to shorten any letter. {to break the bonds of il'lelidslltl) and tradition
ithat llZlVE establls ed tlieilisclvcs in the hall at

° jhis college care
Cooperahon ? l But i ask the Giiimcll man to stand aside and

Administrative and student elements fear the Scarlet 351;;5‘23,.:Lf.‘,‘.’l“i.‘§ddl‘.‘.¥.i iiﬁiuf‘fiiiiiiiiijlooiirehiilalig
and Black. In thosllol‘t time _I'\r'e been Acting Editor I’ve maily knows. to what is close in him. in his hull
l‘- (l the opportunity to question several members ol‘ the lclloivs, and to l’lIS hall tradition. in the sense iii

til-innell hierarchy known “Heats 2 t . which this tradition reflects the achievement oi
as the adminisiiuiﬁon mn‘tely m he Studentsithe hall members. And on the othcr hand, to he

- i . illllidtul at Ll duty to promote a Sense of hospitals
In this tulle Ive continuously heard these men an- ity and Openness in his daily life a willingness

XS'Nel‘ direct questions \litli, “I don’t mean to be evasive, to Willie mg"; 10d sqmtetlilihg “if.“a'em‘ alildda
jut 1 just can't really say.” patcn repec or ic_ in en ions o iusc_oii S) e
_ Or, before I can get ii direct answer on possible cliarlges‘ioéiégC WSW“ Who “wand to (mum ms well-
ll tllet(llllll\lll% rules: llﬁe Jscholar In}? rule and the car rule, Mm“, or the long standing ”women-(S to the
-€ 1“ e” 5“ e085 0 ﬁle lecoir. . tou- year tiadition have stated that this system

' Last night the Social Planning Board held a meeting represents a compromise between the fraternity
uhich studied the Open Dorms situation. The Board was and [he dm‘m'lm’y system. I think that the" an,
to make a recommendation as to the feasibility of COntlllll'

ASSISTAZVI nhws EDXIOI: . iii"? wui

cor-r I‘DITDR . .

in. mi.

i,csiu- ninth-lieu.

 

‘wlysis is valid; however. I must say that this
-, . . .~ . .. , , lcompromisc between frats and dorms embodies
11 g 01 changing the fust semester open dorm Doll . iiiot the benefits but the evils of both systems _

The S&B was not permitted to send a i‘e‘polter, ‘lJE-itl‘le rigidity and anthintellectualisiii ol' the fra-

cause it was felt a representative of that publication at a $33“: 513139383:ch3:233:03:fylﬁogﬂii‘wu
,uclent-taclilty meeting would have a stifling; etteet upon 3” Hm}. natural order, rigidity, nnii,,nleiie'c'mai,
tile uninhibited discussmll. ‘ism. and impropriety.

“e do not Wlsll to stifle discussion], “a lush to toting At mew.” Griniiell me" are capable of .50,
cdiiipus issues before the students. “a believe meetings laiing (henjselvpg in their established residence
Olien to l'eln'esentatlves at student government should he hails and of instituting tiici own personal intell-
i‘eiw ted to the students. We would hope that the admin: tlons withm the hall unit This process is initiated
istratlon would welcome open discussion 0t controversialuiv a venerable majority Within a hall which
rules rather than hide behind the ”no comment” pl'OLGCthE‘pledgcs itself to uphold the social aspirations of
bai ier. ‘ihe hall or to defend the hall against pressures

’ exerted bv the college at large Within this halt
‘fortrcss thc ideals of the majority are regenerat-
llncensed

Jim Herzog'
Acting Editor

, Davicl Ligh‘ibourné

Forum For Descent

standing 01' a number of concepts. issues, methodri ,
oiegics or problems which are not speciﬁc to any; To the Edit» -
one discipline but cut across departmental and

Ed. note: David Lightbollrne, :l Grinnell Col-
lege sophomore majoring in American studies,
will altelnntc writing “Forum For Descent"
this semester with Tom Phillips,

intent upon unearthing the most p~ vecative
and significant subject possible (or this first ioray
into coiumning, your reporter 1'O\'e(l inlp Darby
gym last week 101' the essay part of the junior
liberal arts exam He can now report that the
experience was simply marvclous

First 01 all. absolutely nobody complained
about. the early morning scheduling it was taken
for granted that everyone would get to sleep
later, iii the afternoon. when nothing was hap-
pening anyway, Instead, the spirit of integration
was in tlie_air All, over the basketball court peo-
ple wcrc integrating knowledge as fast as you
can say “lVlol'tlmer Adler," while in the door -ay
from time to time stood those few whose minds
couldn’t stand the intensive atmosphere and who

ticns at dinner have centered around “the nature
or mall.” specifically in terms of thc -istcniiai
dilemna, pragmatism, and physical education pra—
bation.

Bul assuming that the exam will reully b

aroused my ire
reasons ,
i J

c nouiiccd seven

question. ”What (lid you think of the JLA exam?” l ously doubt,

union. Ne longer will students feel embarrassed mane gamma“:
at filling in the obvious and expected rcpiics on in me “pom
siipwy mermii - in January, Just to play it safe. 2) M,"
the syllabus will be memori’ d as cold as the "
Lord's Prayer, and the levels of

“Hamlet" will be lixed at l-

_ . ‘ing to
Maybe none oi this makes any diitcrcnce;

bal'rassing idEzls"

i Hot/i system anachronism

Last week's editorial on “Grin-l
divisional boundaries." Ever since then. conversariiiell, AF." by Alan Gummerson

The Ford grant

required for graduation in future years .tlw pic—lGlImmelsOni the“ a
true begins to get ominous, No longer Will the had amved on campus I sen
therefore, .
be asked whimsically on Friday nights in the is competent to make such dog—‘

Gummorson’s
“waning i..,tliat the odiiiinisiration is tr)-‘
“stille discussion of cm-i

maybe Bul’llllg basement never understood theiHCOllL‘Cl'l‘l [01' Gl‘inl’lell's

Friday. February l5. I963

Sieve Howell

cd by two methods Fir ihc hull maio 'ty
elevates one of its _Vmpathlzr‘rs to the position
01 hall president 7 u ltlllow who will maintain
his sympathy with his supporting group and will
sui eptiiiously pledge h's willingness to support
the ideals of the institution. Second, the iicil ici—
lows ntrociuce an educational system (prepping)
to align the intentions of the freshmen behind
the iiiaioiiiys idcais. -

Consequently, the hall cultivates an inconiest-
able tradition and a rigidity that demands the
adhci-ance oi its members. This rigidity (cs 1
the second oi the three evils. anti—intellectuoh
lsm. It happens more often than not that the lil-
tentiolis ot the hall liidjuritv run contrarv to
those of the college at large, and more disheart-
ening. these intentions generally contrary to thc
purposes of the academic community.

Hence. the Grinnell men conceive that. their
hall stands as a sovereign unit quite apart from
the ci-iimeil Campus, They aic quite right A
great abyss extends down the center of Eighth
avenue separating the mcii's halls from the rest
of the campus, The hall on one side represents
an escape from the general academic life on the
oihcr The hall resistance to the all—cpmous atti-
tude can bc typliiied as a clicllcsthrowing, bridge—
kibltzing cxrstenee.

This aiiti-intclloetualism breeds an impropriety,
the filial product oi a ri icl tour—year system
This year we have been frequently reminded of
Us range of iiiipippricty extending from the
d tasteful buifooricry of piepping to the general
disregard for rules and regulations.

These three evils have been circulating within
the system for many years with recurring emv
phasls in seven year cycles. Because ihese_ei-ils
have been brought to the lorr- so periodically
within the system, i tcci their presence is some7
what 'cllim to the SVSlem.

Therefore, 1 ask the Griiiiieli man who is
capable or extricating himseli tmpomrily from
this situation to consider seriously the oossihir
ity of replacing the four—year hall system.

Would this move to abolish bc a panacea for
our ills? No This change in structure would not
datc the ideals of a highly respected Grinnell
important the change would more fully Emmi-nos
radically alter the face of the campus. but most
college community. The fotu'ryezir system is an
anachronism in cur’progressive college life, and
now it is time tD l‘eluvenate lhc system so that
the residence halls can be integrated into the
entire Campus program.

reader decries editorial;

ldoubls ‘compelence’ of writer

store is not Saul Wassom's pets
sollal property but the col-
lege’s; all losses must be all-
501'de by the college.

ll) The epitome. however, is
the taking —- intentional or
accidental—of books from the
library, Over 1,500 volumes oi
our 135.000-V01ume collection
are missing. Students who the
liberately take these books
either intentionally steal them
or want to remove the Source
materials (01‘ other students.

Recently it Student made rm
attempt to hide the piliering
of 42 books of “recammended
readings." The renson? Not to

ior three good

was an
weeks after‘
freshman

that h
about Griiinell'

days.
choice:

because of a
image”

wanted to compare answers insleac

By now. or cour . some 01 the aiisii-c have
become legendary When asked to (lo ribe any
ideal theory which is still maintained even
though it has been proven to tail in practice.
somebody chose Griimell Cciicgc Anclhci eVdmr
mec, dismayed by one question. had to admit
that “Madame Bovary" is not at all like “The
Declaration of independence "

_ When the cvam was planned iii ilic iii-st place
its intentions were made clear, “The essay poi-

read them, but to prevent
classmates from writing good
papers. thus keeping down the
elnss curve.

Of course, the students who
want the books suffer. A stun
dent researching a paper on
Shakespeare, for instance will
discover that over 20 of his
listed resources are missing.

value oi‘ lnlelduﬂl thinking anyway and Grin-.is utterly ridiculous — but. bev‘
ncll graduates will go on to bigger and lloltcl"yclld that. it is somewhat cow-i
things iii Greaf Book, Discus on Gioups Man ,nrdiv II he thinks his charge‘
iiatuie may be Ll'eativE: obviously his task iiiu__ is (me, it is his duly to cite‘

i

nci be . . . ,
Thcrc is ilic possibility however 7 iusl as 5135“.“ "man“: “he“ SpecmCl

them is the DOSSlbili_' of eventual inter-est iv 3 “‘t‘"‘jt.‘“‘§" sfl’g‘Fmil Law,

the presentlyrwal’llllg stoic cf student publications em” ‘99 M a “"“e ' 5‘5

ithat somebody's going to reniei-iibei the ideu.h“"?.n°”e “I ”“359 vague gen'

bchind the liberal arts college, This place is erahlmsl

supposed to widen more than dcline the undl-i 3) Gummerson contuses aca-

tion is designed to measure the student's under-

graduates education.

 

Schmin/t elected at U. Of Penn.

By Kendall Sanderson
5&3 Exchange Editor

Tulane University in New
Orleans. La., recently admitted,
without. incident. ll Neglo slur
dents, thus breaking a 129 year
old color bar in the school's ads
mission policy, Smell of the stu-
dcnts were admitted to the grad-
ltzttc school, one ta the" school at
Social work. one to the under-
graduate college, and two it,

‘al students on a part time

The Dean oi Carleton
lcg’c, Northiield, Minn, in a
recent statement said that
within five years the grading
system as it now exists will
be out at ten oi the leading

Cul-

llbcl'nl arts colleges in Amer-
ica," Tll’ statement was based

, on imiircs ons he received at

an uiioft'icial meeting tit deans
irom such schools as Oberlin,
Haveriei-d, Carleton, Grinneil,
Pomona and Occidental. lie
said that he found that the
Harvard business and law
schools, the Columbia Med nl
Sclloul and the University at
Chi ge among others are
willing to at eiit students lor
graduate we i from leading
liberal arts colleges without
grades. Students would be
ranked on an llotlrSrpaSSrl‘nll

. system.

i
l

1",

As a protest against studeiif'bc sen-ct
campus.

government on the

,r lunch at the linive ilv oi
‘Pennsyll‘anln elected a fictitious
candidate with the name cl
Schmiiih as their class president,
Schainik received fifty per cent
ioi‘ the votes while the "real"
lsccciid place candidate ieccived
iol‘lll' iliiiiceii per cent.

oithwcstci-ii Uiiiiei-sily rc-
ccnily rci-ciscd a pl'm'lotls der
cisipn to allow Gccrge Lincoln
.lioclcwcll to speak to n small
inumbci- ct siudcnis there, in
icaiicclhng the Nazt leader‘s
scheduled appearance. citiciiils
of the ulii crsity statcd iliai
lsuch action iv s being l‘dtmli be-
.Ca in good purpose would
in permitting him to

speak

dcmic freedom with social free<
idom or course. it would be
;ioleal it all Grinncilians were
jsclfrcniitrolled and emotionally
mature However, it is becom-
ing increasingly apparent that
while Grinncllians, as a whole.
are quite academically iiiaiuvc,
they are, as a whole, quite etllOv
tionally immature

Before jumping to the hasty
conclusion that the only possible
reason for Dr Bowen" refusal
to change the chin iig and
hours riiics. Guiiiinc .cn should
have considered the possible
reason that Gi-iiiiieilians have
shown that _ l\'e> incapable at
handling then csciit trccdem
with responsibility and thus
should not have more freedom
For example.

al Even though the book
store has turnstiles, there is
still some tllicvcry of books
nnd other items, What the stu-

dents don't malize is that llil: ,

We all know other e.
of student iri-esponsibiity
discoul‘tesy # throwing notices
on the post-office floor. necking
in lunch line, etc These students
are hurting evei onc's chances
of persuading the administration
we can handle more freedom.
Our rules are the result of stu-
dent irresponsibility and apatll}
not administration obstinancg.

1, for one. am heartily sick of
student gripes against the ad—
ministration \\'llel\ the students
themselves have an enormous
amount of untapped potential
power through their formal or-
ganizations and informal social
pre ‘ul‘i‘.

in the last analysis. any
changes in student life will ot:~
cur. not by adlllinlstratian fiat.
bilt only by admitting our own
shortcomings and seeking to
remedy the situation ourselves.

Ann Lousin

 

Friday, February I5, I963

SCARLET AND BLACK

Grabendorff sees lillle fashion;
finds few well dressed women

By Wolf Gl‘abendorﬁ

Our grandparents used to say
“Winter does not know any
iashion—it knows only warm,»
clothes!" But now we have spe—
cial boot designers and a whole,

. industry toi- ski and ‘apres-ski’l‘
fashions, iust to name the niostt
important winter tashion conti'ibr
utors

Only Griniiell seems to observe

. the same rule as in our grand—
parents' times, But this is true,
untoi-tunately, almost the year
around, so that a careful spec-
tator might come to thc conclu-;
sion that the Grinnell campus
does not know any tashionsl

After my ﬁrst week at Grin-
nell I discussed the fashion
issue with some oi my friends.
They only laughed and saidi
“Well, it you want to see nicer
ly dressed girls, you have to
go to church on Sunday!”

At the time I thought that
was a real good i but have
since discovered that it is the
pure truth, But i just can't see
why the boys should go to
church on Sunday morning just
-to see the inhabitants of south
campus’ in a civilized outﬁt.

1 really wonder it our new
Campus» fashion correspondent
tor “Mademoiselle" will report
tashions tor church services and
formal dances, or it she is going
to describe the famous union
outilt ala uneomhcd hair, a not—
too-clean sweatshirt, levis of an
unknown age, bobby socks and
tennis shoes?

Almost everyone seems to he

I

l

aware ot the terrible impression‘

he or she makes, but very few
arc willing to change their hab-
its. it would be diilicult to ﬁnd
more than a dozen people on
campus, most at thcin girls, who,
although not always well dress-
ed, at least desire to make a

l recently

“The boys (girls) don’t care
about onc's appearance anywayl"
Both statements sound good, but
they are wrong.

The example ot Radcliile girls,
reported in “Life,"
shows that even stralghtrA girls
can look pretty it they want to.
To run around gypsy—like is not
a sign of dcvoting all oile’s time;
to studies, but shows laziness
and carelessness,

People who think they can
stress their intellectual iion- ‘
contorinity with beards and
jeans may have their place unv ;,
der the bridges oi the Seine, ,
but here in Grinncll it looks i
much more like shtlw- sten-
tinlisni.

How about the oltcn used or
gument that boys or girls d
not carc how their dates are
dressed? 1 have asked man .
people it they really like gii si
ldt' ssed in slacks and dirty ten»;
nis shoes for a date. or boys
lunshaven and wearing sweaters‘
tiull of holes. Most answers sound
,this way: “It is actually not very
‘impol'lani, but, of, course, ill
would be much nicer it they ,

s , i ».
would care a little bit more‘ .
about their dress." Arnold J. Toynhee, (fifth from left

That [hem extsls, even on the: library with several students and his Wife (second front left).

Quartet to end ,
presenlseries ‘
of Beethoven

The last. program in :1 st,

n»

) visiting Heath Professor, poses in But-lint,y

 

Grinncll campus, a natural tool—l
ing tor good taste is shown by:
the fact that whenever a girl,
enters the union Wearing :tl
sweater 0r blouse which matchesl
the skirt, quite a few people‘

turn around and say, “What a
l A public administration ad-

Public adminisl'ra’rion adviser 5
coming to Grinnell nexl' week l

sharp dressl” _ Practical Political Education, dlrl
‘vtsor and consultant to key gov-

. . i
i bel'eve that there is not a , reeled by 0- Edwm Gilmourl
' ,1 who Would not like crnmcnt otlicials, James R. Wat. (political science).

Cl son, will be on the Griiinell Col-i
legc campus next Mondayt

, y . through Wednesday, under that
incnt, it she uantcd to It is not1 Sponsmhm of W Murray Sew

a matter oi much time or inon; _
ey, but simply a matter of good songood Good Government Fund,

iwill, good ideas and good tastei

isingle
’to hear this and who would no
it~e able to deserve the compli—

Watson's schedule includes
attending classes, meeting [Orr
mally :mid Informnlly with concert series comprising all
sittdenfs. and student groullsi the Beethoven string quartc
iiiicl givnig aii all—college leCr lwm be played by the Lem
lurc- ﬂle lecture, Careers In >Quartet at Griiinell Collcge cn

l
l

l

, i
During his stay. Watson, who,

 

good impression.

The others say either ”We are
here tor education and nothing
else, and we have to devote all

our time to that," or they argue

Po wet politics in the ne w;

A great task or statcci-att is
to use national power ‘ettective.
1y. More precisely, policy-mak
ers have resources at their com
mand which are usetul in attain—
ing policy obiectives Thus,
when we speak or using nationr
a1 power cttcctively, we really
mean employing resources cite a
tivcly.

Thi distinction is far from
being a pedantic one. Power rec
ters to a relationship between
given parties where “A" gcts
“B” to do s nicthing “B would
not ordinarily do. II "A” suc~
cccds in getting ' to act acc
coicliiig to ‘A's wi. ics, then "A"
is said to have powc- over “B".
The means which “A" employs
in tosteriiig conditions [Ur the
exercise or powei are tA‘s" re-
sources,

Now let us apply this con.
cept to international attair In
what kind ot circumstances can
our resources, or our instru-
ments or coercion and persuas-
ion. hc used so cttcctively that
the United States can be said to

Urban Art-airs," is schedulcd iT] . o

ror 8pm. Tuesday in Younker l 13’5“)“ Fab “1'

Lounge. This speech is open to , Like the other five, l cel-
)cerl, which will be at 8 pr

the public. ,

'in Robert Theatre, will be open
fl'Dm'Lo the public without charge,
1933, Wakiand no reservation: will be

Well there is no reason to he ,5 mm,” the womb», , ,
, . e direc—
lllopeless. The poets call Spring 1 y

.th great pamm; may he ipmm toi of the Rational civil Sci l
lGrinnellians as charmingly as he "‘09 League, Will be hosted by
Edoes naturel students in the Program int

‘ Mike HorwaliL

Following graduation
_-Coi-ncll College in
,son, who was formerly from Wan heeded,
lterloc, did graduate work at‘ ,
‘Columbia University Since then. Fealuml “",“ be the Beau“
"his career has embraced the We“ Quark“ m C'S‘B‘l’ Min“!-
lpublic services on the local,‘opus 131, “‘9 13th and la“ "5
lithe complete Beethoven quarto-s
to be perrorined by the Lencx
, Prior to Jolnlng the National group. The other 15 were p
lcii-il Service League in 1949, hcjsented in the first live concert
was first, rounder and director Opening the program will t~
lot the School oi Public Adminis- Schoenberg's String Trio, oors
ti-ation at the University of 145, composed in 1946,
Puerto Rico, and then an asso»
governments. dam Professor Bf pohhmil As a preliminary to the ThurS~
science at Western Reserve Uni—,day concert, the Lenox gro
Varsity He has bean a specter which is ouartctin-residciice
lecturer in public administration the college this year, Will 3
,al New York University and at,a public lecture Monday, Feb-
thc University 01 Pennsylvania. 13. from 2 lo 4 pm, in R0

state. and national levels,

relations Each time the SovlclS‘and oppressive
and the United States encountcr‘The strength at Castro in Cuba
each other directly, and one oigand the Viet Cong in South l
another must back down, lllc‘VlCtnam was drawn trom al
‘prohability of one or anolhcl'il sympathetic population whosel
,‘countryzs yielding lessens. Thus, members either participated ln,’
when the outcome of events do‘warfare, or had no will to deal 104 of the ANS Budding r'
‘not or cannot hinge upon supei-.,teiid the cmsting government, ,Watsoii will he Crinnclrsyms Center, Their Shim-ac} will
ioi-ity in military resources,l1n both instances, the regimcstt‘oupth scammed usher, gimme “Schoenherg and Been,“
,shccr military coercion dismisses which the gucrillas have soughthS mums have iiicludccllCrc-alive proceSSg'

itself as a viable instrument in and are seeking to depose relied: H _
lthc pursuit or national ublcc» on the use of military suppress “an" Bane, Chanmttn uftheAcI Members of the Lenox Qua _

llivcs sion made possible by U. S. rechwsu v Commission on into ,tct are Peter Marsh and Thccs
‘ since the early 1950 the lils"trl5‘1)1”1'ﬂc'l [Iln bothlfases,t wle hive govcinniental Relations, who dora Mantz. violins; Paul Hem,
' Jloblem tor tor . i iolicwgt vwec \e common 0 (ﬁve opiwas at the cello e last yet ._ , .- , ’ ,_
425$, appears to ho that if, in such a way that we had littlc, ‘4 3 “ “01% and Donald McCall. Celia.
categorizing those clicumstanccsibf “0 Cunll‘ul Over the llllllza'l
which are harm), ",thth mltion at our own resources Int
imam” [mm those which areltlicse cases. more possession 01'
‘priniarily nonrn'ulllal‘y, Failurcll'csoulcqs 15 not synonymous:
ito make these distinctions earlylwﬂh ability lo control, at pmvcnzl
enough to pursue an_ allerllauvv Our mistake in both instanccsl -
WW? “35.00% and _IS Liuslm: us it as to equate military and ecoJTodily

‘dcarly- This Is particularly true nomic resources with power. Bar, QUEENS ARE WILD

lln Southeast Asia, and Lailn‘muse we hm.e resource, we} he 51mm" Barber Flam M Pm
Amciica. think we have power We, Comm, Odetta, Darbv art“. 8 DJIL

i
Let us take two timely exams ‘Lhuught we 1le power overt _ , . _
plcs; South Victnam and Cuba, Cuba. We think we have power‘ D‘my‘mnbv WWW 'W‘W’L‘: 10 P-m-
in both instances, the outcamc‘ovcr South Vietnam, The onlySaturrlay
we can have power [0‘ QUEENS ARE WILD

 

Elias been untavorablc to the US. sway

l Freshman basketball, Cornell, 4 |).mr

have power over country B_ I“ 2,le have lost Cuba, and we are lcoerce or persuade itlicsc counr
certain scri c, the withdrawal ol‘Probably going to lose Vietnam tries to do that which they are,
SOVleL missiles and troops trom Those two countries P " '5 “0‘ "PW “mg. ‘5 ‘0 “"mhlmci‘
cpha provides such an example three common charactei stics,signilicaiit portions or the popuc‘l

or the power of the Unitcd‘which are or crucial concern tollatlon. Such my objective, if lli
states am- the Soviet Union, our discussion. These three werclcmﬂd be attained, would bcl
Because of our- unequivocal included in pro-Castro Cuba and‘PuI‘ChaScd at enormous costs,l
threat to iise our power micro now included in the presciitﬁhpct;l aggression would be re:
, , ’Saigon rcgimc: ll tlcnioi-ali-cctllqutrc to achieve such a goal.‘
swim {n “‘9 6‘9“” “‘5“ ”Wimphmmhg g) ghmha warren,loin-stature in the world comrl
50V“: ““1 "0‘ “”“Ply (““1 °““‘and 3) regimes which owed their mumty would sink to 2t disasrl
terms, the Soviet Union pci: suryival solely to 1.7.5. ltnal‘lctallll‘ous level,
tor-med an act which it woulclland military resources. in the ,luturo, policy-inakersi
not have periormed in the aly Thc demoralization tollowcd must distinguish between re»
scnce or our threats. ‘Il‘Um “CPI‘CSSM “WOW“ and sourc s and power, and llelwccni

_ . _ . _ social conditions perpetrated by, , . . . ..
Such piecaiious situations alcico up, govmmem Guemla those situations which aie pii
tortunatcly 7 rare in the warfare rohowm hm, fx-usu-a_‘ll'lai'lly military in character andl
conduct ot current illtcl’natlonalitiun with corrupt, iiicltectiveithosc \\llich are not.

Basketball, Cornell. 7:30 pm.
Ice skating, Barber Plaza. 9 p.m.
souai-o dance, Women's gym, 9.15 pm.
Post-game party, Union. 9:45 pm,
Movie, A.R.H,, “400 Blows,” 9:45 pm.

Sunday
QUEENS ARE WILD
College church, Herrick Chapel, 1130 am,
Open swimming, 2'30~4:30 pd“,
MoviC, ARK, '400 Blows," 8:30 p.m,

Wednesday
Ice skating to music, Barber Plaza, 871130 D m.

Thursday
Concert, Len - Quartet, Roberts Theatre, 3 pm.
Vespers, Herrick Chapel, 9:45 pm.

 

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. February l5, I963

 

7/

Grime” Prqis lS&B editorial sparks Senate probe

joining seminar"

linio scholarship repayment polity

Two Grrnnell Collcgo faculty
lnembeis will lalie part in a
‘week-long “Academic Seminar”
to be held
‘Pella, Feb 18-23 The theme will
be “Doctrines of Man in the
First Century AD.”

Dr. Arnold J. Toynbee, Heath
Ivrsiting pr-oiessor of history at
Gi hell this semester, will give

_ ‘leutui‘ed lectures on Wednesday

aiternoon and Thursday mornin ,
‘ Dr. William T. McKibben,
Benedict professor of classical
languages, will be a Monday alts
crnoon panelist in a discussion

‘ ‘or the Roman conception of per—

Snow Carnival Queen, Leslie Brusletten, poses on a to»
bog'gan in the midst inf lzisi: Saturday’s events.

 

Cooling uni’r hel

ps Jack Frosl

and 3&6 ready ice for ska’rers

By Karen Adkinson
5&3 Feature Editor

Tire pale winter sun is stillj
low in the east. The themometei',

hovers above zero. Ignoring thesystem )nust be kept on to m-l

Cold and the early hour. two‘
men hook up a hose and beginl
spraying a Concrete slab. Is thisl
the action or madmen or a rite:
oi the winter Solstice”

Neither, it's merely two Build-l
ings and Grounds mcn repairing:
the ice on the Barber Plazal
rink, ‘

These men spend tour to iivc_
hours daily scraping the rrnh'
of the prcvrous night's ice chips
and spraying a fine mist of hot
water on the rink to fill in the,
nicks and gauges. ‘

The amount or water sprayed
on must, be caretully conti‘olled‘
since the optimum depth of ice

is three-quarters of an inch to add extra

an inch. Above this level the lcei
will not stay frozen.

THE RINK uses the air condl»
tioning setup of the Fine Arts
Center as its cooling system.‘
The looton air conditioner
pumps r-etrigcront cooled to 12
degrees through pipes under the
rink to keep the ice frozen,

The rink is opened when the

itemperaturc is assured oi stay-‘

ing below 40 degrees. Even be-
low timing the air conditioning

sure proper ice conditions.

"Until it gets below 14 or
15 degrees. the cooling system
must be used. This costs $1.50
an hour, so you can see how
expensive keeping the rink
irozen is,” stated Evan Wale
den, director of the physical
plant. \
Barber Plaza was built and
opened last year, Three feet of
sand plus a layer of tiles pl'o~
vide a bcd for a prestrossed coir
crctc slab containing ireering

,coils and strengthening cables.

The sand and tiles provide
drainage and a level base which
will not settle, while the cables
insurance that the
slab will not crack under stress.
Specially built Sideboards en—
close the rink.

Tlrcse are dismantled and star»
ed at the end of every season,
and this year will receive a
fresh coat or paint to repair the
damage [lying skaters have in-
Ilicted

sonal character, “Virtus. Also on
he panel will be Classics Prof.
William Al'rowsmith of the Uni»
versity oi Tekas; Pror

thumanitierdivision chairman at

;Central College; and two Central
tudents.

‘GrOup sponsors
:Laiin American
education forum

Nancy Goldman. President ot

the Cosmopolitan Club,announc—
cd today that the club would
sponsor a coffee hour at 2:30
p,m. in Loose lounge on Sunday.
The coricc hour features a dr
cussron wrth Mr. Joseph
Troxell, Director or the Inter»
American Schools Service The
[discussion will cover those probe
lems in education faced by the
Latin American countries.
l The pass is a nonproirt, non—
governmental program roi-
strengthening a n d assisting
Americansponsored schools in
Latin America. it assists in re-
cruitrng administrators a n d
teachers. Those who might be
intercstcd in an interview with
meell regarding a teaching
positron in Latin Amoricashould
lcontact philip Thomas (economv
tics).

 

Group» discusses drinking rule‘:

The Student Senate committee as follows:

_ on budgets, nominations and con.‘
stitutions will hold an opcn'
meeting Monday at 4:15 in
Younker lounge. The topic for
consideration will be the drink-
ing rule.

-Men's

This will be an opportunity
for students and interested fa-
culty and administration meme
bars to state their views Oil the
general topic and on specific
changes already drawn up byl
the Committee.

Opinions of persons at the \
meeting will be used by the r
committee in drawing up its
final recommendations on the ,
question. Those who attend l
are asked to take this copy or
the 5&8 in order to have a
copy or the proposed change.

Proposed revisions in Article
In of the Men‘s house rules Lind
Article Il-E ol the women's are

Flu shots available
of health cen’rer

Eva D, Buys (head rcsrdcnt‘
nuise) has announced that flu
booste are available ror stue
dents \\ 0 failed to get them in
January. Any student wishing
the flu Shot may get it at the
Health Center (luring oilice

PATRONlZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS

 

Paragraph 1. Consumption of
alcoholic beverages is prohib-
iicd outside student rooms on
the property of the colicgc.
Penalties imposed by the
(Women’s) Primary
court will range hour a fine
or $10.00 to recommendation
or suspension irom thc col-
lcgc.

Paragraph 2, Disorderly con-
duct on the college property
or at college innctions result-
ing from the consumption of
alcoholic bcvcragcs shall be
subject to penalties in Article

VI, Section 10 of the Men’s

l house rules (Article 11, Sco-
tion F of the ‘Vomen's house

, rules)

‘ Article VI, Section lll, ol the
Men's house rules and Article

‘11, Section F, of the women‘s
are as tollows:

l Disorderly conduct is pro—
l lribited on college property or
y at college functions. Penalties

en's) Primary Court will

to recommended
from the college.
Article III, Section D, of the
Women’s house rulcs would be
ltleleted.

suspension

l
l

at Control Collegel

Wing,

M,,

imposed by the Men's (Wom— ,

range room it ﬁne or $10.00 ,

l By Richard Olrlerncyer
s & 15 Stuff wi-itcr

It was announced Wednesday
in thc Strident Senate that
rdnyonc wishing to become a
:cindrdalc in the approaching
race for Student Government As-
sociation Prcsidcnt may secure
a petition irom SGA President
Al Boston beginning tomorrow.
lPetitions should be returned by‘
iSatui-day, Feb, 23. Boston asked
that no campaigning take place‘
,until all petitions have been ap-
proved.

: The i'uleemaking election board

“All consist of the lollowing per-
‘sons. Phil Northen, chairman;
Larry Hartman, ci-aig Henderson,‘
Bynda Bi‘aymaii and Toni Ko-
loskl, ‘

ing rulc will be held Monday at,
:4 pin. in Younker lounge by}
lthe budgets, nominations. andv
constitutions Committee of thel
lstudent senate. :
Stirred to action by an edie‘.
tonal appearing in last week's
Scarlet and Black, the student
senate, acting through its adel
rinissions committee, will ques-
ition the college administration
‘about its policy ct recurring
,scholarship money to be repaid

Rather than postponing this i
inquiry until later as originals
ly planned, the SGA decided to ,
take advantage of 5&3 pub- l
liclty rind begin its interviews. l

Associated Women students‘
Board President Donna Jo Brrlcyl
told of a questionnaire that will,
be circulated on south campusi
:soon and announced the datesy
ot the Aws election proceedi
ings, She also spoke of a six-,
lmember AWS sophomore Come}
linission that would assist the
AWS in room drawings and byl
acting as a publicity committeey
for the AWS elections, the Inter-l
collegiate AWS and the open'1
‘meetings of the Aws. Women
wishing to be on the sophomorc=
commission should apply in writ-l
ing to Donna Jo Bi'iley by tD-l
rriclrt. l

A delegate to
Govcrnnrcnt v How

lconrerence being held April 376.,
lis now bemg sought by the SGA.‘
r

The senate agreed that the SGA‘
,would pay travel expcrrses of al
Crrrrnoll delegate or high ace-l

“The Federal,
Much?” a.

> 7

V Wanted.

 

12-1 P.M.
Exf.
l

COMPANIONSHIP

Contact Loose Basement

dcmrc character to the center-
cncc at the Massachusetts Insti-
tute 01 Technology. Qualinctl
persons should contact Boston
beiorc chncsdoy, Feb. 20.

The nirtioiml student com.
mittee, headed by Jack Chap-
man, will undertake a study or
the controversial McCar-rari
Act, also known as the inter-—
natioiinl Security Act or 1950.

Chairman Paul Coul‘tl'lght of
the international affairs com-
mittee Called attention to the

bulletin boai‘dln the Alumni res

citation Hall containing informa-
tion on summer abroad pro-

grams He expresscd concern ov-

er the decline in income to our
foreign student program due to

lloss 01 soda bottles. Claims of
An open hearing on the drink. persons who have lost money in-

the soda machines will be set-
tled by John Harlan at the next
senate meeting. '

in other senate business the
appointment of Dave Gauger to
the men's primary court was
ratiﬁed and information on capi—
tal punishment in lou-a was giv—
en to senators A resolution on
capital punishment is expected
next week. ‘

before a student may transfer. ‘_

GLASSES

Mode and Repaired in
our Laboratory.

Con'l'acf Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTlONS

raves
EXAMINED

E. J. Jensen. 0.0.

O ptcmetris’f

Across from Post Office

 

5:30-7:30 P.M.
565

 

 

 

Christ

 

New» Albums 01'

to celebrate

Lettermen
Peter. Paul 8( Mary
Pele Seeger

y Minstreis

Limelifevs

lEEPER’S MUSIC

eorge Shearing
l’eggy Lee
Lou Ruwls

Jimmy Rowles

 

 

 

Friday. February I5, I963

SCARLET AND BLACK

Cullinglon College dean discussesé
problems of education in Liberia

By John \Voli
5&1} Asst. News Editor

The Liberian government is
attempting to raise that coun—
try's literacy rate lrom 10% to
50% in the next ten years, ac-
cording to Melvin J. Mason,
dean oi Cuttington
Liberia, West Airica. Dean Ma-
son made this remark during a
slideqllustrated talk on Liber—
ia last Monday in the science
lecture room.

The present low literacy rate,
Dean Mason noted, is due to
several iactors. First, there are

College in .

Dean Mason admitted thlit

there was such a problem but

that it is being overcome. He

cited indigenous representation ‘
in national government as one
i sign oi the
sioiis. l
Concerning ciittington, Dean
‘Mason stated that it is a small
liberal arts college situated 120
miles inland from Monrovia, thc
capital oi Liberia. The student
body is made up of loo

and 40 women Although it is,

Episcopal related, Cuttington
has students oi many religions,

relaxing oi tcn- . ‘

men ‘
l
, _

l t

not enough teachers in primary

li.s d,th ' de' k _
i33°§eiteres°ﬁinooi raiiieiii’ess.ar§i°i-ea.l mg i0 Spea ‘.

there has been much reluctance!

an the pan or parents to sanaiin chapel Sunday 1

their children to school; most,
parents would like to see their‘
children married as soon as {305— chm], services
sible. l

Questioned about tension be.
tween iormer slaves and the
native population of Liberia,

sermon entitled,

Klein: sand and sun make the summertime fun ‘in C

Ed. note: The rollowing article is one oi the
series by fifthsyear abroad Grinnelt graduates. This
one is irom Philip Klein, who is currently teach
ing at the Colegio dc los Sagrados Corazones in
Concepcion, Chile,

At present ta Monday eveningl, rm aware oi sev-
eral sounds while sitting in the bedroom of my
Chilean home. a phonograph is playing lively cuccas
in the next room, some children arc pounding on some
kind of a drum out on the sidewalk. Gladys is moving
around upstairs, changing clothes to go to the neigh—
bor's birthday party tonight, and any time now Carlos
’will come back from an errand he had to run. and
Herman. his cousin who is visiting ii-om Valparaiso,
will ring the doorbell, l should also be getting ready
ior this fiesta soon, which will be starting in about
ten minutes

This attei-noon we took advantage ot the heaiitirul
Chilean summer to go to a nearby beach, located a
kilometer out or town and in a little iishing village

which must be the same as it has been ior 100 years.
The ocean, it perhaps a bit cold, is very peaceiul;
there's not much wind and plenty ol sand and sun. It
you get bored just sunning and relaxing, you can ale
ways sit up, look around, and spot a iricnd you haven't
seen tor a while not too iar away, This aiternoon i
ran into several oi my students trom thc colcgio, also
enthusiastically enjoying the attractions oi a nice
beach in a rustic atmosphere during their summer va~

College Chapel Will resume
this Sunday
1! 11:30. Dean of thC Chapel
Winston L King will give the
“To Be, or
Not Tn Be — an Island."

In all tliei

move quickly past the Union.

cationl

Going to the beach during the day and getting to.
gether with friends in the neighborhood in the eve—
ning are a couple ol the principal and iavoritc activ-
itics of the lamin with which rm living, in a lower
middle—class housing development iust outside oi
Concepcion. Also popular as amusements are converse»
tion at any hour and taking walks. tor those people
have no televisions, bowling alleys or other toms of
ready-made entertainment.

Since there’s no place to go and no Way to get '

there, they have periectcd the iine art oi enjoying
themselves with whatever they happen to have on
hand at the moment. For example. the other day
we spent the greater part ot the aitcrnoon discover—
ing, as a kind oi game. now and novel ivays to swat
{lies in the living room, Since therc was an abundnnt
supply oi the posts and thcy had begun to disturb
the normal course oi peaceiiil conversation.

A little later, we took a wall: up the hill to the
big water reservoir. with no particular purpose and
thus were delighted to find, on the way back, a big
spider in the path, whom we spent over an hour kill-
mg with igenious tortuscs, tinally bringing it home
with us as a trophy.

In other words, liic during summer vacation is
pretty easy and lazy, For me, especially, it represents
many opportunities to pet to know better the lamity
rm living with. my students, the folks oi the neigh-

ztlirl competitive excitement, the toboggan races of last Saturday

.I
horhood, and by means of little excursions. the err-ire
zone. Of Course, things Lire a bit different during the
school year. when there i a regula schedule of work,
My duties include teaching English in the classroom
and in extra, voluntary sessions of informal Conver»

sation, teaching baseball and meddling somewhat in
musical activities.

The Classroom work is made considerably simpler
tor me by the fact that the main English teacher Eil-
i‘cady has a course plan of what is to be taught; You h-
ly speaking, I follow it, giving more emphasis to oral
drill and idiomatic usage,

My students (all boys, grades seven through
twelve) are certainly friendly enough and have ac-
cepted me very well, perhaps even more as it friend
than as n teachch

Outside of class they speak to me in the familiar
“tu” iorm of address (I'm the only teacher enjoying
that distinction!) and many have invited me to their
homes to meet their tamilic Likewise, they ask me
to accompany them on class trips and on small camp—-
ing outings, etc, rm only too happy to accept. and as
a rcsult have iorined i-nany close ti-iendships, especially
among the older boys,

in tact. the close contact with the boys outside of
class has been more rcwai ing tor me than the more
formal insclass work. Thi plus my experiences in
living with a Chilean iamily, enables me to mix to
the greatest extent into the authentic life of the region.

Philip W. Klein

 

 

Revision of women's rules

on inioxical‘ion discussed .

Legislation

concerning disor—tter until next week,
derly conduct was the iocal‘

point of Monday’s AWS Boni'd‘elcctlons in March

meeting. Donna Jo Eriley sag—,distributcd to all the women in
gested that the Women’s house order to encourage some thought‘lrJ By The

rules be revised to include pro-lbctore clcction. Miss

Schedules for the AWS Boai‘dl

 

tDireclor names l
members of cast
for play ‘J.B.', ,

have been; Richard D Meyer tspeechli
,announccd Wednesday the cast‘
Iior the Grinncll periormanec of
play, written by
Brlley leSO‘Archibald MaeLeisli, won the
and is

SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL'
* Smiili - Corona
* Olivetti
* Hermes

LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES

* * * *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels

hibiting disorderly conduct. re-lannounccd that applications for Pulitzer Prize in 1959

sulting from intoxication Pres-‘the sophomore commission would‘based on “The Book of Job" in

ently there is a penalty {or thislbe open from Feb. ll to 15. The
misconduct, but there is no mcnciduties and responsibilities of the

tion of its illegality, The Board‘commission were inimeographccll‘Brooks

the Old Testament,

included in the cast
Boston, Ken ri-ccdman,
Barbara Beale.

are A1 1
Steve
Karen l

discussed the phrase “from iiteland distributed to each sopho-isimsgcp‘ Robin Komkow, point

loxication" as a possible loops more woman. i
hole in the disorderly ruling. Next week the committee oni
After a lengthy discussion, the college procedural changes will
Board decided to table the mat-:report on their recent ﬁndings.

Lamb, Scliiff, Maxim. Bill;
Hicks taken by Sigma Della Chi ‘

Five men were initiated intol Grinncll, l
the Grinnell chapter oi Sigma, Joseph Wall (history) spoke
Delta Chi, national Journalismiiollowing the dinner on meth-
socicty, in a special ceremony ods oi biography.

on campus Tuesday.

The five are Curl. Lamb, Keri
Schiii', James Moxniin, David
Baetz and Bill Hicks,

The initiation ceremony was
iollowed by a joint dinner

with the Grinnell chapter of .

Theta Sigma Phi, Women’s
national journalism society, at
the Longhorn restaurant in

Wall, a member of sox, has
written a biography ol Henry
Wattcrson, southern journalist
who rounded the Louisville, Ky,
Couric .Journal. Wall is currcnt.
ly writing a biography oi steel,
inagnatc Andrew Carnegie. l

 

Craig Henderson is piesident
ol Grinnell SDa. Carolyn Suhs

,is picsident ol Grlnnell Theta

Sigma Phi. i

na Jo Brilcy, Rebecca
Gretchen Koeclrcr,

Pam Dryden, Barbara Shirleyi
Johnnie Ruth Edmondson, 5am,
Schuman, sni During,

Hill,

Sanil
Grosslnan, Bob Shepherd, Bruce‘
McConachie and Barbara Coop.
er, .
The technical crew will his
elude Moi-cl, the director. Keith‘
King, assistant director Williziml
Clis, stage manager; John
Howard, lighting; Tom Somere,
ville, sound; Margaret Brawer,i
properties; and Ann Van Guild.
or, costumes. l
Dates ior thc pcrtormnncel
have been set at March 20—23.

Imprinted Match Book Covers
School and Party Supplies

Mimeoqruphinq
GRINNELL OFFECE SUPPLY

"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"

 

 

 

 

Besf Pizza in Town and Best- Service Too

AHRVANO'S

Open Till 12:00 PM. Da'y
10:30 P.M. Sunday

Free Delivery '6:00—l2:00

 

 

 

WHO IS YOUR HALL SALESMAN?

CYCLONE 1963

 

 

Page Six' SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. February .I5' I96

Hockey clubwlnds upfirsl seasonil Swimmers lose to 36/0,}; edge
lakes one of two contests on road;

The Grinnoll hockey rluh slide The one goal was an unassist— C “
ed its first season last weekend ed one by Langliain, Russ Hai— .
with two games at Nerthheldlden played an excellent game al.[ I as wo w en '
Minn, losing to st. Olaf and‘right defense for Gl'lnnell andi I
beating the Carleton ri-esliiucii.1l3ai't Dunningi the goalie, mddCl

The Pioneers, who had noti‘ZS Safes» l . By 1. Eric Jacobson itougher tor the tankers. Carlo the same team to Northlield .
been on the ice for over a weeki “”5 PIONEERS .bmmCEd S& 3 Sim Writer lion has conference champions in swam last weekend, with on
due to warm weather and the‘b'de Sunday from “is” Sam-I Grinncll's swimming team lost six events and runners—up in‘possihle exce “on
consequent wet rink ,demonstl‘at-lday defeat 10 1°!) the Ca“ ”051‘.58r36 to Beloit last Friday andli’our more. l p '

ed their lack of conditioning ini5-4i ._ ‘ lthell came back to edge outi Clark Rancy, coiilcrenec roe.
the st. Olai game on Saturday} Th0 “151 goal “'35 “med byiLawl’ence 48—46 on Satul'ddy.‘ord holder in the 220 and 440

losing laez. Iggffﬂoynclzied“xi/3:533:31?“$3“,Both meets were in the Gl'in- yard lreestyle, leads carletonis P NN Y.
i - ’ S "l . i- » - l - , E E S
. Gnnncll looked good in tlic liod ended M 24‘ Harden made,ricll pool impicssiya 13L Of Champions‘

lirst period as Dave [mos he- . . - In another double meet week ‘Alio DD the list di‘C Scot M63

gan the scoring with a goal '2°???“feeltmgm‘féghgogs‘; :5 tlll'z‘end the swimmers Will meet,Condehie diidﬁt’dn Sieferi redo; JUST RECEIVED
assisted by Jeri Langhamt The assists by mm and one by Mike Carleton today and St. Olaf to-‘Dd‘d holdeis m the backstroke NEW SHIPMENT
iod ending the first third at Bockm imol'l'ow in Northiield, Mlnneswland bi'cdslsu‘ch» 1

Ole: scored two in that per. L Carlegon Supp“ one puck‘ta. l Carleton is ~unbeaten this 3-QUARTER SLEEVE
2'1' M‘” “"5 0“““0” f?“ ‘past Dunning in this period. Ini Except lor Beloll’s strength in‘ ms?"- Amm‘g “.5 "cm“: a” l BUTTON DOWN
apart and st. Olai’s superior lme mm ”mm Bockm scored the 5mm Hem: the mum of Belolt and Winona _statc. PRINT
conditioning showed through one rm. Gmneli WWI. was unlthc two meets are very similar 1 30‘“ teams de‘eamd Gr‘m‘c,” '

The second period saw St. OlaEi assisted and the Carts scored The Pioneer team or Jim Cross.l $.01“ 010% {wt have as ll‘nr‘ SPORT SHIRTS
seore six goals to none for Grin-l one. Standouts lor Grinnell were Palmer Hartl, Jim Adelinan and ‘P’ESSJVC 2* lewd as Callclo‘h
hell and the imal third saw the Harden and Dunning. who made Ralph Pray won the 400 yard 3"“ “0“” 1mm “’“gh {0“ ”mi 2 98 ‘

Pioneers go down five to one. .2 saves, iindiridual medley in both meets» 30mm Like Gd‘inneui “imam
g . , is small, but ll. does have several

’ ’i' g”” " ' " HOWaNI 501m“ and Pray not gum] performers. Among mam

. . i
first and second res ectlvel in
Cowles loses In Saga rivalry the in m mgr. m in“. {dim Bud iiid Mike Did: . sec on. yet. & that
imeets. Adelman won the 20mm “Fwy“? "vems' mug sm'u‘l 0 Button ﬂown collar
The Quad employees opened the Cowles men a chance lor butterfly and Pray the 500 ii-ee- "“ #113552“: a.“ Em L‘mm'l
up a 13 point spread early in‘l‘evenge sometime in the next style both days. Jim Cross was gag, “‘11 “.151“°‘Se'b bl . l
the ii t half and maintained few weeks. ’second in the 200 yard back-i ””“E ‘V‘ P” a Y bend
their lead to take a 76-70 yie- COWLES lstroke twice. l
zoi-y over the Cowles worker ‘Playcl' PG 1" 0,, “may, Hm." was third in ‘
in the SAGA rivalry contestiFi-ohardt 3 me 160 ”m individua, med. I
played last Sunday in Darby Frank * ley and second in the 200 yard ‘
gym. _ lMlller breaststroke. On Saturday he I
Both teams hit 35% of (hell‘iMarshall was second In me individual .
shots and 30% of their ri-efeigo; medley and third inthehrcast. .
throws, but the Qua got o e ioei stroke. require expert care.

more shots and more charity Buck 1‘ Beloll. showed a marked dom-‘ Specify Tharp Pharmacy wllcn

- » . ' ~— Jol .. . .
$3505 ‘0‘ ”‘9” 5“ PW” W“ ‘ T3551: 5 lzilnance in the freestyle spl‘lnts,i you need a prescription

. . . i l

. 1:33“?;fi' div THAR-P PHARMACY
31 points to pace the winners. lilayei- plmngc but 5;: aeagis 3th l

Kirk Von Rooyan hit for 14, Aldrich llBelon mm ‘ 59m“ m 19.

IBoh Chuiirich got 11, and Bare Front; 1. ~ 1

ry Travis added 9 to account Chuhiich 2i Schein and Teget gained m. .77. . , W W ,

for most or the Quad mork- Van Reoyan zlond mid third against Lawrence
erg Travis, Ban-y 4 but third and iourth against;

For» the Cowies squad) Tonylgvang o Beloit: Gl‘mnell’s 400 yard tree.‘
sehroer was high with 19, Mllte‘Russell I style‘ielay team of Cross, Teget,‘
Fox. Mme MM“, and PeteiBers 1 Schema and Adelinan lost to

rank (who was injured near'Bahl . 1 13010” and heal Lawrence- k h
in and of the first half) scored Travis, since or 0‘ _Pray and Adellnan shat-ed. ma 3 t 9 mOSt
14, 13, and lo points respective- Totals 14715 13 time off two of their own rcoi ~

ly. . , l Score/ell half: Quad 37, Cowlcs‘ords in both meets. Adelinam f
The Quad unit plans to give 36 llowered his 200 butterfly l'ecord 0 your Summer

__ ,WWWV 7 7 to 2:218 while Pray got. the

Malmen split; travel to Norlhfield'm

I Zip Front Slipover

 

 

iei
inav

iaoomusoeomo
HookanMo

H]
H

(Where Drugs are not fl sideline)

 

omo=~omqm
OHQONGinA

5:57.51.
TlllS weekend will be evenl

By Kenton Clymer iCoach Terry Moore stated that ‘ THE
,

5&3 star: Writer ‘Vlctory against either Nerthield
lsquad would be an uphill ﬁght. For Your ,3 UNIVERSITY

The Grinneil varsit wrestl‘iig. , i
y i ‘Moores hopes are pinned on i OF '

team stretched its winningr Pioneer stars Morgan Miclel, -
streak to four straight lastwcekr‘Lan-y Mum and Van Home? . HG" Skaﬂng I WISCONSIN

 

 

 

 

 

 

end with a 20—14 win ovel‘ Law. muwgmmw

rence. Last year’s champs, the m 7 Lou 7c oiiiieyv tui (leusmtlcd - - '
Vikings eould only tield four E“ LCE'DmIeth R . b‘ Par‘l‘les NEX‘I‘ 1'-
wrestlers this year. lloi ‘ ‘ ) “““ y . ‘

The vikes carefully ayoided‘t ' . Weekend ,_,\

the Pioneers stronger waightsl . ' n r- -

and won an fem. matches ‘ . U m M M . [ill/M Lorne Sldldx)amlml[urlI/zz

which they participated. Gri , Order your Wilda/6wMiii'nmlwrmI/i' 115 MM-
‘ ti'aiml i'nrii'lii/i'onr yell/standing nth‘eee

nell accepted four forfeits: ne r k' k
ther team had a wrestle- ‘n the \ ’ has "it iiidiidi‘ Nike coo les . . .
‘ ‘ ' c“ 9‘ moo nudiiylnoicc. T/lt Uiiiecoioi of
and snacks from Wuwnriii ir one Q/l/HJI.”

Mlllct' (a) mullet! Side

130 lb. dii-ision. "ﬁll” ° (it) tires-toner

On Saturday a strong Rlimn 5"" ‘ 3
team edged the fighting Pioelmm. innih‘cj “““c' “"

i l i i .
gig? iciimgmililgilhgguiggi(my). W W. ml . . :ldvanccyourcreditstandingatoncol'lhcmost
cert rim m in division 1”de gawk WW I AS I ' distinguished tiniycrsities in the United States
erueial. Undeieoied lieoivywcigiitimi Ai iiiiii'iiiiiii is» iiy‘ . choose tron. among85essiuns, so institutes, and

Koggzesi ‘lttri‘rliécleinneld/“lliis iiianimliir‘, \\'lll yin Home (G) “on by PASTRY . 500 courses in 80 departments
in 6127' ‘ ‘ “”y ‘ “ “°" iii » and. Liiiiiioiv (Li iiiiiiieii :ini . . combinelakeshoreliringuithnlullrangeoraca..

Other winners in ’ . u Miller (Gt by too SHOP ‘ demieorlcringyandleisurotimeleorningacthities
exciting matches w are 123i m 7 Bill Reoies tL) doeisianoil Mike . i . t i
poundor. Len Calodney. wliolY-‘E‘V‘Uv s DcanL.l-I.Adolrsoii,Extciision Buildiiig,Madison G,

lﬂl ’ (L) (lecisimmd > , I . _ , .
won 5-1. and 147 nounder. will sun iiie . 923 Br°°d 5’- WlSCOnSln: Iam interested in the 1%: summer pro-

( - i _‘ Hdew —~ .ol'ﬂn M‘ihl (G) .
§;;;y“gggge ﬁggngogg‘ edie oft eon. f ““ gremstMadeonso

Ripon also managed tn,O pingi _ l:l Please send me your 1953 bulletins on summer
These along with two deciSlons study, including course catalogs aiidguides lo slu-
and the forfeit save Ripon thei dcntscrviccs and accommodations.

match. ‘ .
This weekend ﬁnds the varsity D Ican’tcomc to the campus this summer, so please

matmen in Nortliheld, Minn, tor‘ GUESS who is going +0 send me your catalog describing Wisconsin’s

matches a g a i n st perennially famous correspondence instruction program with

strong Carleton and St. Olaf , . . , - r'
Grinnell will once again be mi‘l nEoltcélidn 400 lcarn-at-homc courses in .30 ﬁelds
0 s u yl

us the services of H7—1mundel'i t . .
Ken Clymcr, still out inith ani El Please send file any special information on olfer-

infection A1 MacKnight, Pioneer} ‘ ' -
137-pounder, will also not make‘ PL”. ”WV “Ma's under “‘Ssm‘
t e trip due to a similar ailmenti
IHowcvel'. will Van Home has
come down from 157 to 147 lbs.

 

 

and is doing very Well at the 1963 SUMMER SESSIONS

iowei- . lglit. Jim Hatﬁeld hasi ‘l‘he ‘l‘able. THE UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN
een wrestling at 157 lbs. The‘ , . ,. ‘

130‘”). 5‘0.” vacated by John i (It i‘IHIIIJUII on tht Allan/Ola

Gaarde. is sllll open. i
Wllh the necessity ol default-I

ing in two weight divisions.i

 

 

 

Friday. February l5. I963

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Seven

Hoopsters tlown Knox, Mo‘nmoth; late Cornell

By John Moore
5 & B 5th Writer

.Grinnell's varsity rage' will
be out for revenge Saturday‘
night when they tangle w h the,
Conicrence leader, Cornell, onl
thehomecourt. Having stlflerodl
an cmbarrassing 81-62 defeat at
Mt Vernon earlier this season,
the Pioneers should not only hoidl
the home court advantage butl
should also possess an important

:7

advantage in the term at desire, ,

which could be a deciding lacto l
No team enioys geltmg beal,‘
particularly by such a lopsided
score, and Grlnnell will deﬁnilc~
1y be out to avenge the ins

TO Wlh', the Pioneers
have to display the same sol't'
oi rebounding- and general ﬂoul'l
play which was predominant ml
the win over Monmouth last;
Saturday. However, the c‘-cum-l
stances will be ditlerent, Cornell;
boasts a well balanced team
i rich includes eight lettel'menl
from last year’s squad. l

Rick Tomek.

'll

allrconference ‘,
guard last year, averaging 20 l
points a game and the MCAC’S l
leading scorer this year, will
lend the attack. In the ﬁrst an i
counter between these two l
teams, Tomek, a 6-1 senior, l
,scored only 12 points. Since ‘
then he has scored more cons l
sistently and is always a threat 1
to split any game wide open. 1
Flanking Tomek will be senior
guard Ron Schnnaels. sopohomre
forward Jack Grams, and lune
ior iorward Dick Calbow, who
all held scoring averages in dou-
ble ﬁgures. In the rebounding
department, the Rams have big
Ed Truelson, who sat out much‘

oi last year with a broken arm.t

If the Pioneers expect to win;
they must not only control thel
l

defensive boards but must. also
secure a better than average
Share of the oﬁenSlVe l‘ebounds,‘

culb'h'
r

Mim‘ln
Asby

. starch-ll
0.3mm
b lelelen
Bilcllholtz
ho» ison

edema—om,

2 i2
une scol‘emGl'lnllell

Mom/lam}!

lll
cnlsnnl. _

lilw\ 3

Gilllland

Bucllhvlh
. r smith
| l9 Ulrich
Antlelsou
\

a:e-e.assee—_.>e

 

Tot s
lialitime some rGlillllell I‘

John Sundell reaches Iiiglt, pulling ill it big‘

Number 13, Jim Mifflin, looks on.

By Mike Tin-an
5&3 Staff Writer

The Grinnell College basket-
, ‘ball team won two games this

past weekend to nnproye their

conlerence standing to 7 wins

and 6 losses. Frlday night the
Pioneers deteated a tough Kno»
College team, 79777,
urday evenlng they easily ovel
came the last place Monmouth
team, 7043:),

Friday night's contest went
down to the linal buzzer with
Jim leﬂln getting the winning
basket with li seconds remain—
ing The lead see—sawed back
and torth 22 times throughout
the game.

Gl‘lllnell, led by John Sundell
Wlth 14 points and Dave Seller—
gl’on with 9 points, tool: a slim
41-37 first hall lead

1 With 12 minutes to clay in
the second halt. the Pioneers
had a 59—43 lead. Then Knox,
led by the shooting of Brandon
Piper, staged a quick comeback
to tie the score at 651769 with
4:24 lett on the clock At this
point, sophomore center Jim
Jcpson touled out

The next bucket was tipped
in by Sundell and Grinnell
took the lead, but George
Vlaisavljevich hit a long jump
shot to lie the game at 71—71.
Ed l-lavens and Mifﬁln traded
baskets with 3:22 lelt; then
Sundell and humid seemingly
put the Pinneers
with a minute remaining.

But two long Jumpers by

And Sal I

home free l

Vlaisaylicvich euencd the score
toncc more. This set the chniaV
{that saw Miiilin score the trim
mng basket with seconds to go.
Sundcll and Mitlhn shared high
point honors with 23 points
each; Piper led Knox with 17.

Saturday, the pioneers raced
out to an early lead over last
; place Monmouth. Asby. Mitt
. lin. sirndell, Gar Smith, and
Sellergrcn combined to over-
whelm the cold shooting Scots
in the ﬁrst hall. Coach John
Pfitsch substituted his second
, team before the halitime
' break, and they increased the
. lead to «meal at the buzzer.

l In the second hall, Monmouth
staged a shol'tslived comeback
against a loose Grinnell deiense,
but good shooting by Kent
‘Rogerson and Tom Buchholtz
enabled the Pioneers to keep
their lead. The game ended with

Grinnell 1eading.70-60. Rogerson
led Grinnell with 19 points and
Terry Wilkison led all scorers
with 21 points.

‘ "Ml llryo Jolm (I :Inlmu'ula iorm
[mm mnom no buznﬁux beru'ims,

. pcro twutlo (12:01 no porn, [afou-
trre‘ mi esﬂm'd qua 105 m J?
{lulu/aha ta mired in» call-cal:
mum t‘oxatrox. r mleum‘x [2 41,;—
aa r5 preamp», me an :nlimd:
erpwmliqne upm qm‘ quiet! m
wail/rule commend hljo :2 Indie
an m prom Ila/1m de la; Cor/rial»,

. :IuImI/rt/l'i/ In Inn-ea moral pm 110

"b-"V'Iau‘l‘le 2" Far lite (linen! issu-

la [rlmyui LU olNAllONALREVlEW

“hump write tor nee copy.

150 E. :5 Sit, NEW
York 16, mt.

 

basket,

‘as Gl‘innell moves towards its two-point victory over Knox.‘

l

 

, S Paul's S'ludert'l' Cen'ler
EPISCOPAL
O SUNDAYS—7:30 a.m., 5 tum and 4:30 [Hut

0 WEDNESDAYS—7:00 (1.11].V Eucharist
I DAILY OFFICES ~< 7:30 2L1“, [0 4:30 13.11),

Continental Breahiast alter all morning services
Fr, Pl'cble, Chaplain

Loss ii now open at in nzw unslli

Fr. Gilliam, Vicar

 

u lot-lioniauou train the Strand.

 

Old location
X

UNITED
FOOD

STQRE al' our

 

Broad Sf.

5 HI Ave.

Main St.

one blo

West St.

new store

ck west of

our old localion.

 

 

 

Page Eigh’r

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. February 15, I963

 

Fresh p

The Gl'innell rreslnnan basket—
ball team will meet the Cornell,
fl'osh tomor w
p.111. in Darby Gy
precedes the 1. ty encounter
n1t11 the Rams that evening I

JeII' Fiantz and Gordon Km-l
head combined ro1 a total at 96,

ay Cornel

Pioneers

Ceach Edd Bowers said. K"The

afternoon at. 4 offense has been working much
. The contest ‘more smoothly, because the boys

have gotten the idea or how to
mine the ball around they are
working for the mod shots now

The weaknesses cl lhe team

points in the 91 83 loss to I{no\ which have contributed to it's

Friday and me Monday 8618
Victory over C02; several 0th r
Pioneers also h1t in double r

ures. Tetl liisser, called by Bow»;
er: ”the most Improved starter
on the team." collected 35
markers 1n the two contests. Al
Peterson hit [or 20 over the
weekend to turther the balanced
scoring attack of the neophyte

_Pojman, Barnes
lead Irosh lo
wrestling win

John Pojman (147 lbs) andl
Bill Barnes (123 lbs.) recorded‘
quick pins as the Pioneer r1-esl1.i
men deteated 51mpson 1649. P0]-_
man took only 59 seconds to pm:
l11s opponent while Barnes won
in 1:17. ,

Other Grinnell winners 111.;
eluded 130 pounder Ken snub-
ler who won 3—1, and Gary Wil-l
son, 5.1. In exhibition matches,
Jim Holzingel‘ or Grilmell 1pm.,
ned his Simpson opponent i111l
3.212 while Kris Nash t177 ibsll

was deleated.

Sp lashers lake l
Knox Cornell

With balanced searing in all,
events Grinnell ‘s ireshmen‘
swimming team won a triangu-
lar meet with Cornell and Knox
.in the Grinnell pool last Wed-

 

nesday The score was Grinnell ,

51, Cornell 53 and Knox ~15,

Grinnell scored at least 3
points 1n each event and captur-
ed a first or second 111 all but
two events.

The lreshman’s greatest
strength lay in the [I'eerstyle
with Jeri Lewis winning the
100. Eric Jacobson was second
in the zoo and third in the
son.

John Kraai picked tip the
frosh's other tu-st with a 233.5
perlormanee in the 200 breast-
stroke He also was second in
the 160 yard individual medley.

Other plaeings ror Grinllell
were Dave Lundberg second in1
the 200 yard barkstroke and‘
fourth in the indiridual med
ley, Hugh Pennington third in
the 200 yard butterfly, Rogel-
Abendroth seeond in the divingl
and rourth in the 60 freestyle
and Tom Pester fourth in the
diving and titth in the 200
backstroke '
Gl'innell's 400 medley relay
team (Pennington, Kraai, Lnnd
berg, Lewis) and 100 lreestyle
relay team (Lewis, Abend1oth
Pennington, Barry) were both,
second .

 

MIDW CONFERENCE

STANDINGS 1
iv Pct.
.833 1
.769
.615
.583
.533
.462 ,
.4l7

Ripon
Cornell
COG
Carleton
Grinnell
Beloll
Lawrence
St, OlaI
Knox
ll’lonmoulll

wm~1<~1c>ulovwl~7 r

Friday
Grinnell 79, Knox 77.
Cornell 91. Monmotllll cs.
Coo 82, St. Olal 71;.
Carleton so. Beloit 139.
Saturday
Crinnell 7o, Vlanmmllll 60.
Cornell 62, Knox 61.
Carleton 1:5, Coe 75,
St. 01.11 66, Belotl as.
Ripon 66, Lawrence (is.
The top seore1s:

..~2 leculd are an erratic de-

 

 

 

 

 

ASHTON a. BURKE
U. OF KENTUCKY

America's holiest new
spans eonvertinlel

after. winl

lame, lack or beneh slrength,l

‘and unaggl'esslveness under thel

boards Reboulldmg has improv—
ed 1n the last two games due to
competition between A J. Hanoi
and Bill Landsbelg for the litth
spot on the team

Bowers reels the squads de-I
fense has not kept pace with

the improvement 1n otlense,

Tempest Winners... . Lap .11.!

ROGER F. BLACKER
N. v. U.

10

“”Ill

IMPORTANT! If you hold any of the 10 winning
numbers, claim your Pontiac Tempest LeMans Con-
vertible in accordance with the rules on the reverse

of your license plate.

 

 

tiairns tar Taupms and Consulat n Prizes
sent via vagistor‘sd mail. '
23.119339“

3! .arﬁed by
ludges‘no, .

If you hold a Consolation Prize number, you win a
4-speed Portable Hi-Fi,Stereo Set, “The Waltz" by
RCA Victor. Or, you may still win a Tempest! (See
official claiming rules on reverse of your license
plate, and observe claiming dates given above.)

N. BIERER
THE CITADEL

Did ygg win in Lap

 

DANISH MAID
BAKERY

HOME or
QUALITY

 

WILLIAM F MARTZ.
KENT STATE U.

LUCY LEE sAssETT
EMORY U.

LAP 2...

WINNING
NUMBERS.

l5 CONSOLATIDN PRIZES TOO!

1. 3981859
2. 6002912
3. 3638354
4. 0426638

6. A304475
7. C518660
8. B350692
9. 3151360

5. 3291597 10. 3203340
CONSOLATION PRIZE NUMBERS!

1. AS10436
2. 0608361
3. A010713
4. A182549
5. A534015

6. 0111663
7. 6162385
8. 3415169
9. (3624148
10. 3018030

11. 3869885
12. c2031“
13. A039949
14. cssasu
15 3234101

E‘M GRAND PRIX 50

Sweepstakes (or colleges only

More than 50 times the chance to win than il open to me general public.

35 Tempests to go!

Get set lor ihe next lap . . . 15 more Tempesis and 20
more Consolation Prizes! It's never been easier to win

. no essays, no iingles, no slogans. Just pick up an
entry blank where you buy yourcigareilesl Enter now . l .
enier oilen. Any entry received by March lst, can win
one oi 35 Tempesls still to go! 0! course, entries you've
already submitted are still in the running!

EXCLUSIVE FOR THE GIRLS!

If you win a Tempest you may
choose instead a thrilling expense~
paid 2-week Holiday in Europe—for
two} Plus 5500 in cash!

Get with the winners..
far ahead in smoking satisfaction!

see we PONTIAC rzmpzsr AT YOUR NEARBY PONTIAC DEALERI

nu: MIRACLE 1...
mxmcmmuxamz

mom . mm roluctom

 

