,Grinilell Adds 23 New Members
to National Phi Beta Kappa Rolls

Twenty-three Grinneii College
seniors were announced today as
newly elected to membership in
Phi Beta Kappa, national hone!“
ary scholastic society,

Their membership cc

were presented at the sp rig Phi
Beta Kappa chapel program by
R, Hoinei- Norton (history) presw
ident of the Grinnell Phi Beta
Kappa chapter, assisted by the Robert W. Hai-rili, chemist
chapter secretarv Guillermo M. Karen Hillix, maihcmati
Mendoza (biology). The chapel Larry J. Homolka, art; Beverly
speaker \as Richard s. West- M, Kahling, histor Tonia M
fall (histo y) on “Not Two Cill- Koloski, history.

3:1,? mm 0"“ °‘ “ H“" l Margaret I-I Mai n, biology
Carol A. Miller, English, Phi o

The new elections bring to 27 T. Northcn, biology, Hollis A.
the total niniberot cniors elect-iScoﬁeld, sociology and anthrols

l
i

l

The 23 new members are Paul
R. Ashley, English; E. Ann‘
Black, French; Allen S Bostonl
histo ; Lynda M. Brayman,,
English; Margaret A Brewer,i
English; Michael A, Burr, Eng.
lish; Nancy n. Coleman, his
tory,

Judith L. Finn, German; John
W, Grinin, chemis zoology

grinnell College

Scarlet @Black

Oldest College News/paper West oi the Mississippi '

 

Vol. Grinn

ell. lowa, Friday. March l5. I963 No. 22

 

ed from this year’s graduatingpology Larry F. Smuckcr, hlSr ‘

class of about 235 members.‘tory; Myrna A. Sumptlon. Amcl
Four others were named last iCan Studies; Susan L Toenges,
falliRoger P, and Thomas B English‘ Kirk W Van Rooyan.
Christensen, Richard . Johnson, biolog Carolyn L. Vest, Speech
and Frances F. O'Reilly. icorroction,

agricultural. RoliorMay
Gives Firsl' Lec‘lure Tuesday

Dr. Rollo May,

New Yol'k'“Existence: A New Dimension
City psychoanalyst. will be at in Psychiatry and Psychology,"
Grinnell College on Sunday, he is the author oi such works
Monday, and Tuesday as second as “The Art oi Counseling,"
guest lecturer in this year's an. “The Springs of Creative Liv-
nual Gates Memorial Lecture ing," and “The Meaning or An-
series. ty.”

His three lectures, all orwhich,
are open‘to the public without‘
charge, will be given in Her-
rick Chapel as iollows: i

t
t
t

Cohon Elected ,
as CofHP Head i

Peter Cohon was elected
CotHP President yesterday, as
81,8 per cent of the male stu-
dents at Grinnell voted in the
North Campus election. 1

, _ Cohoii received 280 votes to

A noted authority on ethlqsi Robin Conversc's 229. Cohon
psychoanalysis and academlCitllus received 55 per cent of
psychology, Dr, May is a lecturrldn votes cast. :
er and author in addition to be-
ing a practicing psychoanalyst
and holding part-time academic
appointments at New York Uni-
versity, the William Alanson
White Institute, and Columbia
University.

Dr. May was a

Sllndﬁly, 8 p.m., “Existential
Psychology and Human Free-
dam."

Monday, 11 aim" ”Creativity
and Encounter."

Tuesday, 11
and the Problem
Knowledge."

tum, "Oedipus
of Self-‘

“The amount ol campaigning,
in this election brought out both
‘issues and voters,” said the pres
‘ent Coll-1P President, Steve Howe;
‘ell, in commenting on the elec—
tion. He noted that there was
more interest this year in "ls~
teacher at sues” than in “personalities."
American College in Saloniki, ,which marks a change irom past
Greece, immediately alter his years.

graduation from Oberlin College , . .

- . i Also last Friday Marie Martin
‘“ 1930' and the“ engnged m'was elected AWSB President.

student counseling at Michigan D .
State University and City Col- She ““3”“ An" Emma“-

lege or New York. He has also‘ Miss Martin, Cohen and new-
held lectul‘eships at seve l oth~ 1y elected SGA President Jack
or universities. He received his Chapman will form three fourths

Pll.D. from Columbia in 1949. lof the Executive Cabinet which

Bestdes contributing chapters takes office after Spring vaca'

 

to various Volumes and editing

tion.

In the evening session

of the State legislative Seminar held Wednesday, Governor

H t-tild E. Hughes (left) answers questions andrexchanges jibes with legislative leaders.

Pictured are (left to right) Hughes; John L. Vlowery,

House

Republican floor leader in the

Robert W. Nation, speaker of the House: Raymond Eveland, Democratic ﬂoor

leader lit the House. Sitting- at the fair right in the audience is Arnold Toyitbee, visiting

Heath professo

J

Key +0 lowa's Ful'ure

By Dave Baetz t
Sims Managing Editor i

Iowa Governor, l-Iarold E.‘
Hughes said here Wednestldyi
night that, “the number one
problem to be solved if Iowa is
to prosper and grow, is thc
critical need for industrial de-
velopment "

Speaking betore a crowd of
400 students, taculty, and guests
at the dinner session or the
State Legislative Seminar, Gov.
ernor Hughes called tor crad-
ication oi the agarold image at
Iowa as solely a “farm state "

Hughes explained, “In an in—
dustrial era, it is not enough to
be, as we still are, a leading

become a leading industrial
state For it is only by indus»
triaiizaiion that Iowa can solve
its economic and social prob-,
lems." i

The Governor blamed the
lack or industrial opportunitie,
in town for the great “outrmir
graiion of the productive por»
tion of our states population _
those in the ill to 65 age group."

Hughes went on to say that
if non-farm vocational opportun-
ities are not provided within
Iowa, this economically serious

‘oulsmigrution of Iowa youth will;

 

Three Grinnell seniors have
been named Woodrow Wilson
Fellows for 1953754 and a iourth
has been given honorable men-
tion in the Woodrow
National Fellowship Foundation
annual recruiting drive loi- col.
lege teachers,

The three Grinnell
are Lar i J Homoika, a major
in art history; Miss Frances r.

a major in French,

Fellows ’

Wilson ‘

are intended to stimulate entry
into college teaching as a career
at a time when there is a se-
iious current and prospective
shortage of such teachers,

The awards are made p sible

‘through grants totaling $5. mllr

il
l

Frances O'Rcilly

1 in history.

In addition,

‘ an English major, received hon—,

Larry Smuciier

orable mention, ‘

Woodrow Wilson Fellowshipsi
of which 1,475 were awarded
this time, cover tuition and ices‘
tot he iii-st year at the graduate
school oi the Fellow’s choiceii
plus a stipend at $1,500. Theyl

Paul R. Ashley. '

lion irom the ord Foundation,
thich since 19 7 has supported
the expanded Wilson Fellowship
program.

i
t

4

Homolka

‘of our state."

, 'industrial era."
agricultural state: we must also,

i omy." ,

Hughes Pushes Industrialization

undoubtedly continue and vcry‘and a more equitable tax sys—
probably increase. “The U S. teln."
Department of Agriculture esti» 0n the overall
males that only 8% of the farm Iowa's immediate future, the
boys of Iowa will become suc- Governor said, “Iowans and
Cesslul farm operators in the Chair political leaders must real-
next ten years. The other sanitize that. contrary to the com.
of the rural youth must seek men image of our state as pre-
employment in the urban areas dominately rural and agricul-
,tural, Iowa is now both an ur-
Citlng some oi the i~oadbloclrs,ban and an industrial state and
that stand in the way of indus-,'is becoming'more . urban and
trial growth in Iowa. Governor‘ more industrial. We may or may
Hughes smd, “One of the mosttnot like these changes, but we
serious deficiences inhibiting in»‘must recognize and understand
dustrial expansion and growth this new character of Iowa and
in Iowa today is the abscence the type and extent at the new
at a reservoir of skilled laboi-,'problems created by these na-
rcady for the demands of “lotion—wide trends of urbanism
_and industrialization.

To solve this skilled labor: “Only if we understand the
problem, Hughes proposed alchanged social and economic
statewide system of “technicalzrealities in our state, can we
schools, with teaching staffs andimakc the adjustments necessary
physical facilities to prepare ourlto insure an expanding future
youth for the employment op»i. 'ith rising incomes for all of
portunities of an industrial econryour residents." ’

The State Legislative Seminar
Further proposals to stimulatelwas sponsored by Grinnell’s
and support industrial expansion‘Program in Practical Political

picture ot

were, “reappol‘tionment, better Education. directed by C. Edwin
public schools and universities, Gilmour (poli. sci.)

 

Debaters Win State Competition

Debaters trom Grinnell Ccl~
lege won the state debate title
the past weekend at the Iowa
frorensic Association tournament

3.3 +0 Eegin
M/eolnesday

i
The drama “J.B” which won
the Pulitzer Prize in 1959 for
author Archibald Macleish gaes
on stage in Roberts Theatre next
Wednesday evening at 8. Direct.
ed by Richard D. Meyer, the
production will be repeated
through Saturday night.

Steve Brooks, portraying J13
a modern counterpart oi the Bi —
lical Job, heads the college cast.
Other performers include Al
ilaoston, Ken Freedman, Barb
,Beale. Karen Sti-asser, Robin
jKonikow. Donna Jo Briley. Re-
lbecca I-lill, Gretchen Roecircr,
Pam Dryden, Barbara Shiiley,
,Johnnie Ruth Edlnondson, Sam
,Schuman, Stu During, Sam
Grossmun, Bob Shepherd. Bruce
:McConachie, and Barbara Coop-
.er.

Tickets for all play perform-
ances must be obtained at the
{Fine Arts onice from 8 ant, urt-
til 5 pm.

Making Top Tournament Record

Three Get Fellowship Awardsl

held in Dubuque. ,

Competing against some 17
other Iowa colleges, two Grin—
nell teamsecomposed of John
Williams, senior irom Sterling.
lll.; Vance Opperman, sophomore
trom St, Paul, Minn; Phil John-
son, sophomore from Davenport,-
and John Black, freshman from
Storm Lake~compiled the tours
nament's top record, 771,

Opperman and Johnson were
also members at the team which
won the University of Chicago
National Debate Tournament
held in November. They were
the only team to go undefeated
at this meet.

Two OTHER Grinnciliaiis re-
ceived certiﬁcates in individual
events. They were Cherie Joiner,
freshman from Muscatine, for ex-
cellence in oratory and inter-
pretation of poetry; and w. Rich.
ard Chadv, freshman from
loxi, M , tor excellence in e. —
tcinporaneous speaking,

During the remainder ot the
forensic year at the college, the
dcbaters, coached by William S.
Vanderpool (speech) will host a
team {mm the University of
Glasgow and send representa-
tives to the national Delta Sigma
Rho tournament at the Univer-

.sity of Michigan.

 

SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. March I5, I963

 

 

David Lighl‘bourne

Scarlel‘ and Black

GEINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, low:

a Weekly newipnper hublirhcd each i iy or the collelzu
ncll Committee on Student Publ iiioiis, wn.

un. chmcnicd for nncinnni niliciiinm:

sing Service, Inc, College Puhl hers Ren—

Forum For Descent

Interest in the broadcast was suiuciem lo

resellinli
cuss postage paid it Grinnzll,
her school yzzlr.

inwn.

i-cmrm:
JUSINESS MANAGE“

, 18 East Gﬂlh Street, New Your 22, N. y, Second
Subscription mic slio

:iiii limiic
ciinniii Damn
, nine niim.
Lynn bull)"

.lclui win:

‘1 i wiiilcn ii

 

All letters to the Editor written for publication in the Scarlet
and Black must be typed (mil double spaced. No unsigned letters
Will be printed. However, writers' names will he \Villl‘lPld upon
request. The 5&3 reserves the right to shorten any letter.

Cohon

esterddy ll tilll, thin young lnnn with an extreme
mlollut of brown hair was elected Col‘HP President. His
normal dress, levis and boots, his Purl: Street residence,
and his hair style have resulted in his classiflcnt‘ion as a

i eat.”

\Vhen Peter Collon filed his application for CoIHP
sideut. the majority of Grinnell students chuckled. Their
Coholl promised them the moon, and suddenly the North;

Cumpus attitude became sober.

Cohan promised what Grinnell students have long beenl
tiliuliing about: an end to llypocri 3/, rules which agree
with nlodern Americnn moral standards. Collon, like lhe‘
other three candidates, campaigned for an office which

'ilrld never before been actively sought. At first Cohon1
seemingly invoted an ultimatum to the ndmillistration:
“in the event that student proposals are vetoed, I think
it would be obvious that there is no student government.”
Cohen since that time has compromised his platform, and

has spoken incrensingly of his responsibility as CoiHP

President.

But his election must conclusively SllOH' students, pur-
e:lts, facility and the zlt‘lnllillsti'iltlon that the students at

Grinnell are not satisfied. They have voted for a change,

and Cohen is ohli

s:lldents want dud thell to bring his findings to the lid

ri'inis rl

risers I old one

Ed note: ton ode-cow in ii following _
ticlc 11"cscuts background nlntcrldl tu ihc pas
s'lge oi‘ llic Mchrrzlu Interim! Sccuriiy Act.
' c following is the iii-st of a sciics on lhis
problem,

By Ron Goodcnow

lsolatcd rioni ‘ihc icst oi the llorld by great
cccans and .1 {am oi cniunglomcni \\'ltll a For-
idpi and decadent Europe, frontier Aincricn d .
leloped into what might he called n dcmociono
c niialistic society The prime cha sctcrislic at
in society has been its social inohiliy and unique
iiiddle class- political and inicllcciunl ethic Es
seniiolly. all Americans have had the same cute
I ok on society, there has been no clnss haired.

cl whnt adversity lhcrc hns been. has generally

on dcsiroyed by ossimrlohon.

Emphasis in thi society has tindilioiinlly bccn
~laccd on individlsl rather than national sccur-
i,y Aincricans hovc had a natural fear or "big
g crnmcni," “power politics" and thc csc of
riolcncc to achieve political cnds. Thc bchci
that man is a moral nnimul, an idea as much a
product of Enlightenment ideology as a rcsuh of
the American experience. has ch us to believe
moi society ilsclr should be moral and rational.

Il is no wonder, then, the American people
have tcndcd to view lhc conihclc with other

non; as idcologlc bottles, rucglcs bclwccn

ill and wrong. Quite obviously thcsc conihcts

vc l)CCn ihc rcsult ol w -l<(\d nuihorilnrian
leaders, lcadinp their innocent peoples, into \vilr
ior ihc mast scliish of cnds. As a icsiili. undoin-
cciatic stoic ollcn icnd lo bu evil and warlike
by their Vc‘ nature and dcinoc- tic sinics
(wliaicvcr they are) ucnccl’ul and mo nl

It IS sigilitlcant. that alter lighting ; cm un-
tlollal crusadcs against immoral iololiin inn pm
crs twice in H s contiii , the Ullilod suiics ril-
tempted to establish dcmoc r y in tnc vanquished
nations "ind rciurncd in hcr traditional lsnlatlml,
fully expecting ihc ncwly csiabhshcd peace to
he lusting.

It is not ditiicult in see that many Amcricnns
have what might be called n conspirncv theory
of his-lory and iutcruniionnl nil-ins, E\il mcn
<chcnie (o dupc ihc uns spccling pcoplc 01' ihc
world into following lhcm don-u llic pnth of do-

Roilcciing on the New York ne’wspnper strike.
radio—TV newsman Cllet‘Hllntley has wrillen,
“The.whole vnsl and varied spectrum of coup
munications ' a gigantic conversation, The jour~

, nolists oi radio and television those of the trade
, prcss, and those of the periodicals are all engagc
, cd in a constant and unccosing colloquy. We in
.clccti-onic iournnlism are indeed affected when
1one important participant in tlic conver-sniion
suddenly falls silcntx' ,

Despite the fact that not too many people
know what a colloquy is,1‘luntley's point is clear
Radio and tclcvrsiou can no more replace new
papa s than newspapers can take the placc oi
radio and television, Or at least that is the situa-
tion in the outside world.

At Grinncll the situation is different Thc
school newspaper is thc only colloquy around.
the only “formal dialogue" that anybody can
hear The school had a radio station at one tune,
and tho rddlo station was an important voice in
the college, But that voice slowly began to inch.-

Yet every oncc in n whilc somebody decides
to try revivmg that voice, This happens when-
cvci- people got urcd of the area’s commeiciol
radio programming. or on the occasion oi some
event which is moi-c effectively rcporlcd by radio
than any other media.

An excellent ccisc in point was the rcceni SGA
convention. Usmc makeshift and ludicrously outr
dated equipmcnt. and going on the air willl only
momentary notice. thc old radio staft decided to

attract many to the actual proceedings and~thc '
radio coverage unmistakably contributed to the
spirit oi the convention,

Once again. however. came a standard coin-
plaint. The quality oi the transmission \vas'poor.
Somc people could only i-cceivc an irritatingly
feeble signa others couldn’t get anything at all.
But in con inst to the comparatively slight re<
porting done later by the 5&8, which didn't re
lease its next edition until a week afterwnr
the KGRW chart can be considered a success.
and the distinct advantages one kind 01' communi-
cations has over another were highlighted.

A radio station cocs on the air with th writ-
lcn assumption that it Will he a public 56 ice to
its audience Thc nature or noncommercial radio
permits this pledge to extend in areas not Dossir
bic or a competi vc commercial oociaiion, In the
middle oi a radio geography which is predom-
lnately banal in sound, ephemeral in interest
and pucrilc in content, a Grinnell College FM
station could serve as an intellectual voice and
a fine arts media or immcnsc cultural value.

As tlvs is being written. thc Governor oi Iowa
is speaking in Cowlcs. On previous days this
semester, Arnold J. Toyiibcc has cppcorcd for Var
ious lectures, discussions and prcss conicronccs—
as have manv other members of the academic
community. And because KGFM is not on the
air, many students and inculiy mcmhcrs, not is

lted t'lr t to find out \l'llilt changes the

move its mar”. [01' the Burllllg
time. An eifcctivcr minuterbyrn

‘ With all but the visual impressions of lhc aver-

age spcciuior was the result.

Ed. note: in the iollowingl
article, Vince Anku, n Grim
nell sophomore irom cumin.
reviews n Conlerence he at-
tended (luring Christmas vucm
tion.

The National Student Asscm-.
bly oi thc YMCA and YWCA
hcld its scvcnth mccting din-m
Christmas vacation at the Uni-
l'el‘slty of Illinois in Urbana
Moi-c than 600 delegates rep—
resented evcry state in the Union
and included 150 ioreign slur
dcnts.

The purpose oi the Asscnibly
was to make the young pcnplc
anarc of and rcsponsivc to lhc
viiill chmig , in the arid today.
The general (llama lias “Revolu
lion and Response." chcn cru-
cial phases or the world in r
clulion wcrc explored and some
highrranking govcrnmcni. busi-
llcss and education cxpci-is helps
ed to anhlwc the issues undcr
consideration. Thc topics discuss—
ed in groups includcd ”Socml
lnmslicc." “The Dilemma or

lriiml and lcrror. (E; .1Vlll‘l\vlll\0l“ll col mu"
m conicmporarv nortnu oi Cnshcl

Tlrc isolation of tho Unilcd Status rollowlnc
inc Second World Wm» r- - -lrnil livcd and (he
hopc lhut ihc Unucd Nzllmns and o hhoroicd,
Euro c could maintain pcncc soon laded into low.
us i ncu cncmy rippcnicd The SO\'l Union inov-
cd no or . oi poucr vacuum in Ensicru Euiopci
ci-cnicd by thc inndcduzicics oi oui diplomacy
lhc inept and cor lpt govcrnmeni ol‘ oily Chlnnu
Kaishch was di-i n ironi uic Chincsc moinlnnd
bl licd armies. and Americans watched in horror
ns ilicii- ulnnuc wcnpnns monopcl hccon to ( =-,
appczll' hclorc Soviet dcvclopmcnls. Commui .
parties exudndod in Wcslcrn Eiuopc hcc‘dusc oil
contincntal cconomic chaos nnd scyciul uniionsl
sccmcd on the rcrgo of collapse, In reaction to
tlils ihc Umlcd States threw oli tladlllon nndl
oi'lllpled lhc Trumnn Doctrinc and Mn all Plan‘
as stop-gap measures and by mill Am icu was,
up to hc-- knees in anotlle \lorld conihct. l

Conhision and despair wcrc inmponi in wool
Amcri . in February Scunior Jnscph McCarihyl
oi VVL ousin spoke for molly Ainciicnns whcn,
he said that “The rcoson wh, wc find oursclvcsl
ill a po ilon oi iinpoicncv (in uucrimlionul ole
l'au'sl i, not bocausc our onlv uouci- ll pnlcntioh
cccmy has sent mcu in invndc ur shorcs.
rdihci; bccuusc or the trnitorous oi oi lln
“ho huvc bccn licnlcd so well or this nation
The sug cstion that thc Unllcd suites \ not
only i im cl n parasitic nlicu inorcmcn bull
Illa! nolivc soi \\'(‘I'(\ hcl iyinc ihcu nation mull
ucic ‘ndccd r ooncihlc loi our inisroi-iiiucs was
implicit
Slaw Dcpnrlmcut (intcr to sprcnd lo all biniuhcc
or covcrnincuii u; i» clicd by Conllllllmst‘
asli‘nts and tho unllonnl pnslinic became Red
hunting

Shoillv rollowinc llic oilbrcnh‘ni‘ lhc Korcnn,

ll‘nr, nu: ling by its lci nun-c onri upriind
lhc Aui ’iciln tradition oi quicl unil total mili.
la, . - _ ~ duo. up the lcmilmlls oi
lhc l)l,\‘lol y iron Bill uni
turned ll EHIO lccislnion \\llli or at ciciiit‘ um
for Anerican ci libcilcs and irnrniqnhon, lhc
» - Inicmdl Scciiriiy Acl Scpicmbci

lasted its

,couri dcnncd

McCulthv_i)l'n(lllced ‘clldellrll" t at thi“ n

boys one more

'unllte coycragc
potential

mention interested town citizens. are not gottih
ilic lull advantages or the college's journalistic

‘ Goodnight Chet

Aimnic Power in a Divided
Worlds- “Urban Mass Culture,”
and ”Challenges to Dcmocrutic
Ideas.” Every afternoon the
groups attended lectures which
wcrc ionowcd by discussion
units Apart from the section

‘groups, there were also response

groups. Each group talked in.
folmallv about whaievcr inte-
members inosl. Th-
gave us a chancc to 1cm~n more
about other countries.

We were fortunate enough to
have in our group a iorincr unis
versity professor from Commu-
nist China. Through him. we
gained insight into some or ihc
merits and dcnicriis of tho Come
munist rccimc. His parents. who
were land owners. wcro starved
to death, Alter much haiassing,
ihc government “kindly” allou—
cd him to lcuvc ihc country ior
Hong Kong l-lc ﬁrmly believes
that no amount oi hardship
could make ihc Chinese
revolt against their lccdc
Cause the discontented elements

In CollllOCllUll with the Case of
A\\’S Blidl'd l's‘ Welcll. heard
)ll'llch -’l the Wmnel ‘ Primal.
"Ll order
duct (is “that conduct which is
i ‘es‘onslble to the degree that
it connol be appealed to b~
Son. whelllel‘ tllC li'respon
is due to mental, emotional, or
physical unwillingness or lnﬂbll'
lly to respond”

thu the conduct in qucslion
is disturbing by Its creation of

noise, the Court rules that do,

termination or whether or not
that conduct is disorderly diners
according to uhcthcr it is during
qulet or "noisy” hours. During
quiet hours, the Court is oi the
opinion that any noise shows at
least an llnlvllllngncss or on in-
ability to be guided by reason,
to act in accordance nith the
cstnblislicd regulations. At such
times it is a mailer oi judg.
mellt for in executive officer lo

hm»dcicrmmc whcthcr or not the

c sturbzlnce is so grcot as to bc
ruled disorderly conduct rather
than simple lllcli oi considcia.
tion. Thclnrincr is to bc pioscciu.
cd lhroiich the courts and [he
loitcr to hc hondlcd according to

'l-lloll policy, and lhc di
inction is mndc hy the npprc.
illelldi n, omccr.

g “noisy hours," howcvcr.
the C culllstzlnces are somewhat
‘dincrcnl. The prcynihug ailiuidc
and nclion in women's halls as.
sumes that any amount of noise
is legally allowed diu'inl: limes
other than nuici hours
.ihcic is no designation of how
‘lnuL‘ll noisc cnn bc much» and

Because

An/(u Views Student Assembly

have neither the means nor the
physical strength to rebel. He is
also convinced that the western
powers cannot adequately help
India to resist the Chinese. Chi-
na’s gigantic army is so well-
trained that only a small pop
tion or it was necessary to over-
run thc Indian mountain de—
icnscs during the recent invasion.

The Assembly was not design—
cd to ﬁnd any absoluic answers
to world problems. My impresA
sion nitcr the Conference is that
the ansuers to international and
social problems are not as easy
as they are often made lo ap»
pear. I was Shocked to learn
from United States friends and
other i-elinblc sources that. in
spite of the great iood s iplus,
sonic people in lhis country are
starving or are barely sustain
ing themselves. It is often very
cosy to live in a Comfortable
house all your life and Say that
the hungry pcoplc are lazy and
are not willing to hclp them.
selves.

hll’igiiiildie Deﬁnes Qlilel Hollis

ihc persons involved cannot
iiidgc whcther or not they pos—
ihlv nrc signiﬁcantly disturb-
ing someone beyond all rcasoir
nblc limits, lha'Coilrl rules that
a disorderly conduct charge dur—
ing "DOKY llotll's’ must be preA
ceded by an appeal to ihc ole
fenders rcson and must be
hascd upon an apprehending of-
nccr's judgment that the person
so charged is either unl‘i'lllmS
or unnhle to respond to a i .
quest to ccosc the action ludgcd
cxccssivcly disturbing by lhc
executive oiliccr.

oi coursc, actions dccincd
disturbing in some way other
than by the noise they create
may be judged disorderly with.
out a preceding appeal during
"nmsy" as wcll as during quiet
hours.

In inlcrpreling the regulation.
which reads (Article in, Section
D, 2 or the Women’s House
Rules) ”The usual penalty tor
a ﬁrst oncnsc or disoi-dcr
duct on college properly
in: ircm intoxication is
the Court rules that intoxication
is not a valid part of the ba
loi- determining uhciher or not
conduct is disorderly, but mill-
or is simply n nccc, Eu'y condi-
lion tor the legal prosecution ct
cases oi impropci- conduct, Once
the inct of inloxicaiion is estab-
lishcd. iiirihcr consideration oi
the case must relate solclr to
the conduct involved.

Women's Primary Conn
by Myrna Sumption
Cllici Magislrate

 

Friday. March l5. I963

Palhelically Unapalhelic Students
Are Barking Up The Wrong Tree

r-ulcs clariﬁed ‘as quickly as .
possible. llleanwhile, ii inani- l
testation oi the real potential

. or a small campus with a great

leaders, angry young me“ a)“ amount of money spent per l
lrein their little study cells and mm“ and a WW enthusiastic l
proclaim that they Will 1W1 “5 adniini ators. iacnlty, and .
no... apathy. that they M” g“ imaginative students is obs ‘
us thinking and acting llkC the “mum

intelligent people we are .

To the Editor:

Here we are again in the midst
at election promises. Great ne\

There is little discussion ur‘
They are to shake us out or IE“, guides on where summon
apallly and into (\Ctlonibllt are is gems m an age when there
we apathetic? Any student or is gm” mum“ at college be~
leeulty member in touch wilh’lween bemg a graduate mama-1
ieus campuses aeio - the ria. my M001 or a “bum MS to!"
tion wotild quickly agi e that on We

the Contraly there is air ‘
something going on at Grinnell There have been no articles,

7the campus i: tar trom apa- des i-ibing what some oi our.

theiie- it is unapathetie. ;brilliant tand i might add quite

’ . , ' expensive) taculty have been

But what me the issues in our dam in research Om. hb“ ,y

unalmhctic exme'i‘eni'om‘ “'5“ has degcllot‘att‘d rrito the taneicst

not to be standing stillv W a" study hall nest or the Missis—
coneerned about the hybeeri - 5mm

of our rules ill relation to li’lCll"
entorcement concerning dim - Borer-e someone writes about

lite and the entertainment ‘of the lac}; ol‘ a handrail on the
women. While the administration. post oniee steps, someone is go
thy-laugh at the hub mg to be killed A lone student_
the: growing “D by discussmg CXpldmmg the iiitustices or the;
the problem of hypeeris (a‘McCarran- Aot {toes about the
problem settled long ago uhen campus virtually ignored 0..e .3
the Puritans came to Amcl‘lCa).lStl'uCl< by the laclt ot humor in
we do not realize that on most; the 5&3.

campuses it is a dead i ue bee;

cause the relationship :Ctllcr‘n
rules and enter-cement is do ly

and the fa

ch pathetically unapatheti 7
the only school . oi inc M,
Y ‘ 'el‘duC si‘ tppi that can lcact excttctlly
doﬁgiéd. Onb “lie“ “mg 0‘1 ml to disgusting series hire a chick»
clariﬁcation is discyﬁsed 3““ L‘ ,en with its head eut oil and
ham-asses the adriiinistr-ation try- then still criticize itsctl as has
mg to procure our precious Ford‘ in; apathetic.
Grant do the laughs stop. 3 Robert c. Johnson

Let. us get these blasted‘

{yclone Positions
GLASSES

Made and Repaired in
‘ our Laboratory.

Contact. Lenses

CASES AND
SO LUTlONS
EYES
EXAMENED

E J. Jensen. 0J3.

Optometrist

Applications tor the positions
at editor and business manager
ot the 1964 Cyclone open today
and close March 22

Letters of application should
include qualifications and gen-
eral resume oi ideas for the
1904 book. Both positions are
salaried. Applications should be

placed ill the Cyclone mailbox,
119.

Students International

Travel Association
Join the 10th
Hawaii Study Tour
Julio 21 through August 7.
includes study Period. A -
eonimodatioiis, Social Activ»
ities (ll) cvents).'Sightseeing,

and FUN FUN FUN.

Obtain detailed intormatlon
trom Judv Preissle on cam-
irus. or (:riiinell Travel Coir»

Across from Post Office
ter. 808 Firth Avenue.

 

 

SUMMER @Lﬁhggﬁg

Room highrtrhtrts

Wide selection of courses in major subiects in
the liberal arts curriculum

General studies courses in the Creative Arts
Hanya Helm School of Dance

Language
French

German
(German Language House for 25 res-

idential students) .
Russian
Spanish
Art and Music
Applied and Theory ‘
Concerts. Lectures. Film Series
Summer Recreation Program

COLORADO COLLEGE

For deailsr. catalog. and application form.
write Summer Session Office
Colorado College
Colorado Springs. Colorado

 

 

Open to Applicants o

‘aii

‘lot’ titllh

. their
three

SCARLET AND BLACK

Dan Friedland er

l McCarran Act Deemed Threat l

Emanatlilg lrom the postswal' I'Cd llyslcl'itl, the
McCai-ran Act was passed in 19a ovei' President
Truman' veto lts propriety, constitutionality
and worn )Iltty hav been questioned since its
inception. It ”would," Truman warned. “give
Government oil is vast powers to haia s it
our ClilZQllS in the o, It so oi their right of [FCC
speech." and would ‘put the Gov intent ot the
us. in the tlouoht control busincs," Justice
Black and ethc have mair ained that it is inor
vicious than the now diset ecd Allen and Sodis
tion Lai s. desioned to outlaw the Jetlersaoinn
Party and all tippinitieii. Prominent persons
throughout the world have violently ilttath d it
it i a controversial i sud and deserves ear tut
study and evaluation.

Mchtl’ran Act maintain it
is intended to ‘iol c Communist Activities out
into the open" This it ml ls, instilled all two
questionable promises. Ft v, illl‘ Act deLlareS
that there exists “ii clear and present danger to
the US." [tom foreign Lolltln‘lcd internal Cotil-
illuni'ln. Hence, the law tortuous. to protect our
country ilonl insidious communist beliefs. Coin»
nllillists, who can on succeed by concealing
their tltie aims, must i): unmasked and lot‘cccl
to register.

Proponents o

Secondly, it is assumed that the people are
incapable ol (lillol‘ctltiating.goud llunl evil ideas.

Let us assume he can accept these propose
trons i t we must examine it the Act acconu
plishes its poiportcd aim it air organization is
touiid to t . Communist. it is required to reels-
ter, siitterir or penalties. Worst ol all. it

brands itsell' . "l‘C\0lLitl0nal'V ninvemeiit whose
purpose it is. by tieaehe~ dee t. iiitiltratiori
into other eroiips, espionage. sabotage, (is this
selt‘ iiierimiiiation?) terrorism and any other
means deemed necessary. to establish" world
Communism. Members must also register. there-
by lei-iciting their pa ports. and the right to

'the repeal of the MCC‘d

Page Three

\vOlk in (lclcnso-i'elzltod industries 'l'hcv are :.
mOet cel'luin to be blacklisted. and are subject '0
prosecution under an existing law will h ial
active membership in a Colnln ilist or ’lnizzl‘

:l punishable crime (Good-bye 1 ill Alilcndnlc

lt they do not legi, er, memb are ibieei
$10,000 line and live vea s in rail loi- -e clef
oi non cg stration Certainly, no or . iaitrin
could register ltlltltzl’ these conditions and p ll
Slll‘VlVC “Actordlllgly, the effect of tilt: Act I; :1
only be slippl‘c ion, not registration,"

The ni controversial sections are those ttet
liig ii-hat » a Conimun t OIKZlm atroii. 1n
czlsc‘oi Colltl‘nllmstritoi‘lt organ ions the
the criteria are “The c Cnt to hhi i it, tui-
resoui-e ., or per-sunnst arc u~c<l t tuithei-
promote the nbieetives of the tCoiniiitinist trio
merit): and the extent to which the post
taken or advaiieeci by it trom time to time ii
matters of polity do trot deriale from th
any Communist itii'ctgn govc'nmcnt er v
Communist movement . , The nor-d ”obi
live" is lelt undelineo but could include i
which the Communist Party attempts to t‘ r
such as aid ‘io education. medicare, cilll mph»
"an Act. etc The detir
Contmunist-inliltrated group is c
vaguer and more ineli e. Undoubt r, virtu
ly every organization in the U 3 would .11 untlae
these clitclia, Siglllf itly. the oorernrnent use
only one of eieht eii eiia eiloetrielv, * he ext
to which its views and policies do not devi
trom those of tthe soviet Ulllon),’ in Convictl’;
the Communist Patty. the _ ’Otlp ago is: when
exidcnoc should have been est to adduee

The MC ~i-an Act is presently be lg imp
merited against \oeoallcd Comiminist-lroiit and ii.
tiltrated groups. Because it pi-oseetites belie.
not at‘tlons, Villlt :lbstilutel)Y no reference \0 1
logality or such beliei’ it presents a ”clear in
present danger" to our (lcl‘lacrallc institutio'.
and should be repealed,

tion of a

Divinitwildn::5pi‘rorefiatldmidr

To the Editor.

On the t‘anillg or March 4 in Youllkcr lounge,
r. Kenneth Christiansen (biology) presented to
a large group or students his personal reasons
for calling himselt an atheist, His dynamism held
us test as his superior wit ﬂogged our t‘eeble
objections until the blood or lovingly-held unali—
tion lieued, Our attempts to build strong. valid
obloctions struck me as being a good deal more
dillicult than his simply denying the obicct or
their existence

It is my hope that the briet presentation of
another ebiection will produce at least a cons
fi'oilta‘tion ot' the issue. Tire strength or Chris an.
sens wit eannot now drown out the ueahnesses
of his argument, as it did on the.evening ol
March 4

Dr, Cllristlallscn's logic was scientific and co-
ht‘rcllt, culminating In a most precise conclusion:
he stated that he could not ULCCDi [ho existence
til God upon the cl‘ldotlce available to him Ec-
illg a sctcntlst Dr, Cllt’lsttallsctl has doubtlessly
examinincd this oxidcncc lholoughl)‘ He has
organized it and found that It can load only to
the abo l conclusion. He has obviously not, hou
ever, made any attempt to (lt‘tClll’lllle the ilatut

‘0! this evidence and its value in connection with

philosophic questions or the existence at God.
It' in: Int}. he would have lost his seiciitit‘ie soli-
assuraiiee in tiiidini: ii to be incomplete sub-
iective and artiticiai.

crvc himsell and | s world only
iroin a hopele ly subieetivc pos on. He is but
intinitosimally small p rt ot the time and
space of the unrve e His ability to perceive is
limited by l~is vei, nature He eannnt discern
ultimate -~aliiies but at best only their cite-s,
beyond his level or comprehension

Most tr us are laniiu » \\it|l ilie lite of the
metaphoii il tlallauders, lv.‘tl-dinlenst0nill peo—
ple that t t in their twosdillloilsional world a

piano suspended in pllacc
One

Man can 0!

illosdilllcllsmllnl day. a sphere invad~d
plane. descending upon them in all
(llnlcniiuikll horror, 11> intersection \\'ltll
their pl‘etllc produced a point. which, as the sphere
descended, grow into a circle, then diminished,
became a point again, and tinally disappeared
niien the sphere had passed through the plane.

The [liltlandc . able to perceive only two di—
mensions, intuit) :2th this invasion of the sphere

as growth in tlmo We as three dimen
creatures interpret it not as erouth l'] til

all, hut as movement in space The grow i of the
circle in the plane has a part but not the osscnte
ot the reality ol the sphere.

Man is as limited to his world as the lit.
laiiders to theirs We cannot perceive the Ulttr
mate realities oi the universe. tor ue are to .
iined to our earthly subreetii'ty. The uhima
realities are therefore unhnowable, all thin.
in and of man are knoll'able, SlnLe man cannot
hope to disprme the existence oi God, we must
include him in the realm or the unhnewabies

The evidence upon which Christiansen l]h$(3
his conclusion is ltnolvablo, thel'elore a part, ti
man and, his world. It does not relate to col.
lust as growth in time does not relate to mm“-
nlcnt in space His evidence excludes all of l
universe save things in and at man, air intin'
ly small part of that universe

Evidence rLlatiIle to the cVistcnce of God '
not available to mail Mail Call. therefore. llln'
only one rational Statement about God, and ih i.
i that man Cannot know.

Beliet can be based on tarth. atheism can re
based upon nothing Man therelore has tv '2
alterna \‘es. and. like El Judnl‘ in a court of i
has slllticient cvttle e to prove him guilty. Th
must acccpl the defendant as :nlloeent tilrtii
evidence is not Lll liable.

Man exsts, at ordlng to Christiansen, and a‘
that exists constitutes the universe Thercroi ,
man is i part or the unlver . J -t as a circle s
a part or the greater sph so the mitten
available to man is a part or the greater llr'r
ltnoll‘able ultilnatc reality By tiltlng that i
cannot accept God upon the (i\l(lCnCC t allah
.to l . he is denying that he 15 a part 01 ii
tlnivc c, [or that C\l(lCnL‘(‘ excludes ail but if
lx'nti’ able iinirerse That is a contradiction. lt tt
llatlztliclcl's were not to accept the existence
the sphere because thcv could not are it. the.'
\lould be denying: also the CVhttlch‘ ol the Llrtl ’
that poll. ol the sphere that “as perceptible a
them. The CllL‘lC though is a pait ol the [lab
landeis' world — the paradox lS apparent, To
deny the whole is to deny a part.

Neither Clll‘l’ ianscn nor anyone can claim
be an atheist, Slotted simply. no one l\‘l'10\‘ s
enough to Claim to be an atheist

Robert S. Czllltncll

ONLY 15 more

shopping days til
Spr'ng Vacation.
Buy your Cyclone

Now.

 

Page Four SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. March I5, I963

 

lModern Museum Move Over.
V‘Grinnell Develops Collecl‘ion

By Karen Adkinson ypari ot the collection

5&3 Feature Editor i A recent report of Grinncll‘s
art acquisition program set torlh

the criteria ror selection, “To aC~
qullc only works of art or high
quality including niainly paint—
diaitines prints, and
cilptiiic to include items rep—
enting many periods. styles,
nd tor-ms, to acquire a limited
‘numhcl' or items each year
through purchase prizes for the
best work ot students: . . to ace
quire a range of items usclul
There are several sources of tor teaching and also many
acquisitions open L0 “16 commlbﬂlcms that will be usgl‘u] 1)“.
ice. The exhibitions shown in maiily because they are likcly
Main Foyer and the Schaetrci to be appreciated by students "
Gallery are selected in part so; After the works have heen
that works may be brought to purchased, the art department
.canipus tor the study of tlislcarciully mounts and frames
{committee Some works in the them The acquisitions or the
il‘ecellt cvliihits have been pm" last eight to nine months are
chased for the permanent collec-‘now on display in a show in
tion. the Fine Arts Center. They will
EH" in cons, nmems ofi‘reiiiain there this month and
painting: 01‘g other gart objects “”11 be ladiSplayed during can"
specifically for the purpose of memcmc'“ week- Dumg ”35
chosing additions from among 'In‘e‘m‘ may ““11 be hung ‘“
the consignments is another 50'“? “neg? bu‘ld‘"€ Where

mm,“ 50 (a, only We Smp_ ,thcy will remain semisporman-
tently after June

For the Iuture an annuzrl ex-
hlbit of acquisitions is projected

l Grinnell has recently been
oining the ranks or the thg
lgenheims and Chester Dates by
acquiring an art collection oi
original works. A SermleJCl'
raculty committee has been cse “
tahlishcd, and a moderate budg—
, ict allotment was set aside tor
acquisitions this year, with a
:imaior increase tunds slated
lior next year.

-’ l

in

Four Mllltnly Ball queen candidates [lose [01 pictures. They ale (left to light): l
Judith Finn, Catlleline McDonald Joanne Dillnnvich and Jean Gillulll. The filth Candi-t

dale, Nancy Cooke, is not pictuled W . . g
lKunl'z Ariicle

Military Ball is Open to Campus; ,”
Honorary Colonel Will be Chosen iW'Jofrﬁgfar

Five Gl'ilmell coeds have heen‘hc held from 9 pin, until mid m
selected as candidates for 1963 night in Darby Gym. it is a
Air Force ROTC ‘Honorary Ca-,iormai but not a ﬂower dance. f mgpimhﬁ' Kug‘z» Ngb‘elPW‘
det Colonel‘ laurels. lThere will he no admission‘ 955‘“? P “’50? y 3“ ”13‘0“
i at Grinnell College, has written
They are Nancy Cooke Jamesucharge an amide ”Mythical Cosmic
Joanne Domamh Mai“ Judi‘h The '33“ I5 being sponsmd and Pei-sohal Orders," which isiments have been bought here—
Finn, Loose; Jean Gilruth Span—lhy the 255th Air Force ROTC scheduled to appear m the June one from a Chicago gallery andl
15“ ““59; and Gamma MC' Cadet SIN—“dim at Grmne“ issue of the Review of Meta~ anothEI from a gallery In Newt

 

Donald names

The live were selected Tues—
day hy Grinnell Air Force ROTC
cadets from a ﬁeld of nine nomi-
nees. One nominee was selected
by each Grinnell womens iesi-i
dance hall.

The ‘choral‘y Cadet Colonel',

will be selected next week in
voting open to all Grinnell men

Balloting will he in Cowles at, the 50 piece military band of that

noon.

Other nominces included Bar-
hara Breckenridge, German
House; Pam Haslam. Read; Mary

Everett Mears; and Jean Thomp.‘

son, Cleveland.
The 'Honomry Cadet Colonel’
and her court ot “Cadet lviaiors
will reign over this year-rs Mili-
1ary Ball next Saturday
An alleuampus anair, it will

Mi lilary' Band
Will Play Here

The ‘Flying Band of SAC,‘

‘Alr Folces Strategic Air Com»

iniand, will present a tree puhlic‘

concert in Darby Gym at 3 pm.
‘next Saturday

The concert is being co spon-
sored by the College and the
255th Air Force ROTC Cadet‘
Squadlon of Glinnell

The band is generally consid»
:eled to be one of the best of
U..S military bands.

 

 

C9

FRESH

DAILY

DANISH MAID BAKERY

HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue

 

 

'l Columhus, Ohio. ‘

physics ‘

This article is based on John‘
Wild‘s “Human Freedom andl
Social Order " Wild the recent
Gates Lectulcr at the college‘
helpcd Kuntz, who is on sab<
batical leave from the college
ithis semester, with this critical
analysis.

Kuntz has also authored two
‘papers which will be given at
the May meeting of the Ameri-
.can Philosophical Association in,

IN SEPTEMBER, Kuntz will
ideliver- a paper at the lath In-
ternational Congress or Philoso.l
lphy in Mexico City on “Thai
Tragedy of Oliver Alden:George
lSantayana‘s ‘Last Puritiln.‘ ill
‘Phenomenolugical Study of Ol'—
der and Chaos"

‘College Sl'ore
ls Wassom s l
lAriicle Topic

i
l Samuel J. Wassom, manager‘
,of the Grinncll College book-
‘stare, is the author or an article
“Campus Store Pays Its Way,"
;in the February March issue of

 

l

as well as a catalogue of items'
“and for the far future, when
the coilectio grows out or the
present facil es, a museum to
house ’the collection is 'plan-
nod .
“The purpose of the collec-

York. This method requires a
‘sreat amount of time since pic-
tuics must he uncratcd pcr
used Calefully reciated and re
shipped to their original gallery.

A third method which has
not been ﬂied under the new tion," stated Robert McMilla_n
mm is that of directly SD— (art) is primarily educational,
no the artists whose Works to provide originals or tZicwing
the Committee is interested in by students. The need for these
adding to the collection. Another is especially necessary ebecaus‘e
source of art objects is through the increasing contact of the
gills of interested alumni and: students with reproductions
friends or Grinnell. Each poten- tthrongh art classes and the
ﬁal sift must be examined andlrental collection partially dis-
appmved by the art acquisihon ’(olts their knowledge of works
committee before it becomes a ea or "

,Colle eClasses ‘7 +0 En+er . .
g AWS Elecl'ion

Selin Colorado i

Classes for college students inlfiled applicalivns IOI the AWS
the mayor subjects in the libela' Board to be elected next week
arts, along with music, al‘Llon South Campue- They are;

.,dancc and general studies cours- I . -
es, are oner-ed in the summer at Gram“ Geye‘ I‘m,” Denm’
Shirley Neu—

Coloiado College in Colorado‘EEme Gutmann
Springs, ihaus, Ann Bacon, Marilyn Nelson,

More than 130 courses in 23‘Many Gwdmsi Pam DIydeni

academic depallments are avail- lPam Dlaemel Am“ Hart Geor-
able duling the summer sessionjgia Griffith, Ann Scully Jean
of the historic independent ColAiHatcher, Anne Biineman, Judith

lThe College Store Journal, pub.
‘lishcd hy the National Assucia-‘
tion of College Stores.

The article is a reprint of one
‘which originally appeared in the
iFebl‘ual‘y, 1951, issue or College
8.: University Business.

 

lege of (“‘5 and smences- L. Johnson, Joan Mullen and
Last year students from an Betsy Hamsher. '
tstatcs and six toreign countries
:Wel‘c enrolled in classes with 73
regular and visiting
l,meinbers. '

4 A coffee hour for all Candi— ,

dates will he held on Sunday
faculty at 3:45 in Main Lounge. Pri-

lmal‘y elections are scheduled
Monday.

Details on these and other pro- {or
igl‘ams rn the outstanding sum-l

Texas A&M 91 l
Texas 0

 

, The climax will come arter fi-
mer 5955“?“ may be “Name“ by nal elections on Wednesday,

“'H‘mg Dr- Fm“ A- 5°ndem‘an- when the new house presidents
,stiinniei Session onice, Colorado m ”vealed at me Quad For

.COllEgei C°1°lad° SPI‘IESt C0“)- ,irial Dinner. The Formal Dinner

- will start at 6:30 in the Quad
_dining room.

 

Don'l' go ou'l inio +he cold 3 Applicaiions Due ‘
‘, Applications are now being re.
yceived fol membelshlp in the
‘Mens and Womens German
‘Houses for 1963-64. For informa-
‘tion and application ioriiis, see
‘ihe chairmen of the houses or

any memher of the German stair.

cruel world when you are hungry.
Lel-

AHRVANO'S

deliver a hat pizza righf +0 your

_ Why spend hours bending OVM an
Ironing board? let us take care of every
wosholuy chore. Your troubles wlll bi , .‘ ,iii
over when we deliver a whole week's
laundry immaculately clean and miles

. * Despe r u l' e WZMMB
vlously pressed iusl the way you prefer.

SWEDE'S

Grin‘nell Laundry

Serving bofh North and South
Campus Cleaning Agencies

8r Sickening HGVEV.
door.

Exl'. 451

Just call 236-6222

 

 

 

 

Friday, March l5, I963

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Five

 

Role of 5&3 Questioned

By John Wull‘
8&3 Ass’t News Editor

The question of whether the
Scarlet and Black has the right
to be a manipulator oi campus
opinion was the main topic oi
a coftee hour sponsored by Sig-
ma Delta Chi last Monday in
Younker lounge

According to Vice President
Merritt Ludwig, any college
newspaper should have the ac—
curate reporting of facts as its
main purpose.

Present S&B editor Jim Here
20: took the view that the par
per can act as a crusader
through its editorials.

Herzog’s views were argued
by Steve Howell, CDI'HP pre v
dent. Howell lclt that editol‘rl
support ot certain issues was
uniair because the 5&3 has a
monopoly in this form of Conl-
munieation.

Hel'zog returned that the
S&B gives eoual news coverage
to each side of campus issues
and that after luliilling this
responsibility, the paper has the
right to follow any editorial
policy it chooses

Howell also claimed that the
ski! tails to work in close
connection with student gov-

eminent.
torial statements on women's

LSU_13
Texas 0

75515.9

Don't let your resist-
ance' wear down. Buy
medicines and prescrip-
to

tions keep your

health up from

THARP
PHARMACY

For Personal Service

 

MEARS—Cuthy Peters
MAIN—Pam Clay
CLEVELAND—Garcia Vaughan
JAMES—Barb Petersen
HAINES—Andy Hand

READ—Johnnie R
LOOSE—Sue Loo

* Anyone ha
ture used.

He noted that edi- ‘

i hours in the 5&1; last tall ov- i
, eriiippcd and intoriercd with

the student government at-
: tempt to elicit a change in
. the drinking rule.

1 Larry Sniuchcr, former 3&8

managing editor. claimed that
the problem didn't rest willi the
paper but with the student gov-
ernment, which, he charged,
seems to have no idea or pubs
llcity.

On another subject, Ludwig
pointed out that the paper also
owes responsible reporting to,
tillumni and other non-students.
“The paper isn‘t obligated to be‘
a public relations instrument;
lbut since it goes of: campus,
the paper docs have l'esponsivl
.bilities lo these people,” Ludwigl
jdeclared. l
‘ Craig llendcrson, president
of sigma Delta Chi at Grins i
ncll, revealed that two admin. .
istration officials had told him l
that the 5&3 was not being

,MaiIiIociurer ;
alo Visil Here

Dr. Jerzy Neyman, director oi
.the Statistical Laboratory at the_
tUniversity ot California, will bet
lat. Grinnell next Monday through‘
Thursday. Neyman’s visit is
sponsored by the Mathematical
Association oi America as part
lot a Visiting Lectureship Pro-l
,gram. l

I Neyman will present four lee—f
ltures while he is at Grinnell},
.On Monday through Wednesday‘
at 3:30 p.m.. he will present leer
turES in the Science Lecture‘
‘Room on mathematical statistics.

The lectures will only pro—i
suppose a high preparation in
I mathematics. ,

i On Tuesday evening at 7:15,’
Neyman will speak to the Mathe.,
matics Club on a topic to be
‘announced, This presentation is
also open and will be held in
the Science Lecture Room.

Neyman received his Ph D.:
train the University of Warsaw,i

‘was a lecturer at the Technicall
,lnstitute of Kharkov, was stat

,tician at the Agricultural lns

tute in lBydgoszcz, Poland, andi
.was a lecturer and reader atf
the University of London be.
'fore coming to the University oil
5 California. ‘

He has also served as vi iig,
protessor at several universities

v‘in the United States. I

G

uth Edmondson

mis and Penny Bender C

I use at his

treated like the working press. i
Henderson explained that the

‘ officials said much news was

not revealed to the editor to
discretion.

The problem oi censorship
was discussed, but it was agreed‘
by the panel members that no
pie—publication censorship ex -
lstst

Compeiil'ion ml
Silver Design l

Reed & Barton is offering lUI
cash scholarship awards in its!
annual “Silver Opinion" schol-t
arship competition.

in the competition the entrantI
must list the three best of eightl
designs or china and crystal com— ire
binations which Reed 3e Barton:
illustrates,

Those interested in entering
should contact the Grinnell rcp-
resentative, Janet Rodemeyer,,
who has entry blanks and com—l
plete details tor the contest.

> In rehearsal for “J. B.” are (left to right) Steve Brooks
’(1. B.) and two soldiers (Sam Schumnn and Stu During.)

 

for

By Karen Adkinson
5&3 Feature Editor

Lights flick on revealing a stage ready -tor
action ,music booms. The costumed actors move
and weave their predicted pattern on the stage.
They speak zmd react,

”Louder,” cuts in a voice from the center
section of seats. “Take it from the top again.”

The Grinnell production oi 1.3. is taking
shape.

Rehearsals have been going on for four weeks
now, the iirst three having rehearsals tour nights
a week, and this week rehearsals every night.
At the beginning of the rehearsal schedules the
actors appear in school clothes to deliver halt
ingly their new lines, The blocking or arrange

‘ ment and movement of actor is Worked out under

the supervision of Richard Meyer (drama), and
the development ot charactc zation is begun.

“We discuss the way various scenes should be
played and experiment with many. many ap-
pruachcs. Even now we are still working on the
interpretations at some scenes." commended
Meyer,

"You know there have been two versions of
ll}. presented Yale was the first to (live this
play, its interpretation was that of‘ an intellect
ual debate between the devil and God. The sets
were realistic and the devil and God moved
freely about the stage. The Broadway version,
directed by Elia Kazen, was more emotional in
impact. The Devil and God remained lair sta-
tiallaly against a nonreullstic set. Our ve ion
is a compromise between the two, We see it as a
three way struggle between God, Satan and LB.
We will not try to approximate reality 7 our set
is concerned with providing interesting shapes

ITIlree-wa y Struggle in .I. B.
Yale-Broadwa y Compromise

and acting areas as much as with suggesting
place or time."

After it while lighting and sets, costumes and
props are added. Scenes. then whole acts are
given Without pauses for instruction. Notes taken
by Meyer are discussed ill the close of the itcl,
and general instructions are delivered. '

“Thinking of What comes next is vital." ad—
monishes Meyer after a run-through of the first
act. “Prepare the audience by followmg a logical
order, Think, move, then Speak, that's the order
OI acllng.”

Technical problems must be worked out dur—
ing rehearsals The music, which is a tape of the
music composed (or and used in the Broadway
production, must be fitted in, the volume regu—
lated. There are Iltile problems such as h0w_‘m
keep newspapers used in one scene trom rattling
and there are technical Stumpel‘s Such as how
to give the impression of an A-boinb explosion.
This latter problem was solved by the use OI
lighting and wind sound ctlects,

interruptions such as the need of the stage in
the early evening by other organizations must be
borne. “We have to have the patience ot lob."
ouipped one cast member as he wanted to go on
again after one such interruption.

But these rehearsals are only a preparation
tor the crucial time when the theater is lull and
the real pertormance begins,

Meyer said, “We hope that students will e .
periencc the play itself rather than sitting ea
1y analyzing the themes or their Junior Liberal
Arts Exam. Comedy calls for this type at deter-tn,
ment, but tragedy needs emotional involvement
Students should be caught up in the spectacle ot
the play and then analyze in retrospect.”

I963 CYCLONE

IS NOW ON SALE—SEE YOUR HALL SALESMAN

SPANISH HOUSE—Lucia Urquidi

ERMAN H OUSE—Gregory Mace

EAST—Elliot Barber
WEST—Jim Roberts
COWLES—Gearge Buck
DIBBLE—John Teget

LARK—Jim Hatfield

GATES—Ira Dubitsky

RAWSON—Pete Staben
LANGAN—Steve Buckles
SMITH——Jay Cutler
NORTH—Bill Petersen
SOUTH—John Moore

9 pictures suitable for use in THE CYCLONE contact Dick Wedemeyer. Ext. 514. $.75 will be paid for each pic- 1%

SALES WILL CONCLUDE SPRING VACATION

 

Page Six

Mifflin, Sundell, Smith

SCARLET AND BLACK

3 Pioneers on All-star Team

Three Grinncll basketball plow
crs were named to spots on tho
MCAC All-Conlcl'cncc team for
the 196263 campaign,

Forward Jtm Mil'ilrn “-35 the r'cbotllrder for the Scarlets. Geri

‘only Gi‘lnncllian to make the
ﬁrst unit Mill‘lin was
ing scorer tor the Pioneers this
season, netting 357 points with
3 20,4 avcrage, good ior fourth

In the Conference.

in the
FIRST

,tnan any other player

l
W Jim Mifflin

‘ F7 ark Ankcrson
C~Gnry Mavis .
join k Tomck
Ggotis Cownn .,
(Zr—Dave Var-undo

ﬂipon
in non

. v , Kuoa
.vlrn Miﬁlin Belort

"7 n— ave Current
,r— im Motzko
lF—Ken Moeller
C—Jolrn Sundell
lG—Joel Ungrodt
10—Dave Hendricks

Goa

"I AM (It/till arm/Hug dado/mien];
iu Bomm u 1 m 11:." a) l mug
mm: mm u/ans wig/1: vlp
we I/r imam" — u Than:

We l).uc rnm' Iclln', m. We luau/
Iii/Ir lawn/Iii] llwnw/ lV/II lllrlir
(ale :1 lrcnlml l ./ Li”! ’rlml'l
call us, Ilium, l’t‘ll (all JUN/ 50
furl )cl.1\ pour was 5.; lip/ml
Doll‘! 1 ' Iu lunar/r. Dot/'1 uriM/
You'll In: [131'
ft!!! o/ﬁnul u/m
/ Ruciin n/Ir’
(all . . . lull
u-c'll ”It Nu.

Beloit

Dick Calhow. Cornell; Mike

For the warm on.
utNAllONAlREVlEW
wvilo for he. (any,
lso E as 50,, New
mi la, Nivr

Grinncll

' SECOND TEAM
. ...Carletou
Carleton

, Grinnoll
Lil“ Pence

league
On thc second unit, the Flor

,noers placed center John Sun-
‘dcll Sundcll was the loading

Grinnolrs playmaking

Smilh,
mention.
Along with Miﬂlilr on the ﬁrst
team are foruard Jack Anlicrr
son and center Gary Morris of

“mm“ ““‘Rtnon, anal guards Rick Tomekl
121 free throws this season. more or Comm Otis swan o; Knox“

and Dam! Varnado DI BClolt.
TEAM

Junior

6.
6' .
67 Junior

, Cornell

. Senior
Senior
Senior
Senior
Junior
Junior

0 .
0 Junior

“enormous MENTION . ,
Gar Smith, Grimrell; Mark Anmnt, St. 0m; uylnn witte. Con;

Tierney, ‘ ‘
Monmouth; \Villie Alexander. Ripon; Bob Sampson, Coe; no irucl-
son, Cornell; and Ron SClulncL Cornell. ,

Cur ton; Terry Wilkison,

 

1.0:: is now open at in now upstlin roeunuu—aerm irom |l|u sir-nu.

Planning A
Party?

Hungry for good
Baked goods?

Order cakes. cookies.
and pastries from

923 Broad Sr.

 

 

, ' Junior-l

-
Friday, March I5. [963

 

Scarlet Fever

By Lou Czrloduey

3&1} Sports Editor

About two or three years ago wre ﬁling might have

been considered thc forgotten sport at Girnrlell. From 1949-

3 the Plonecrs lrelded teams that captured second place

fill the Conference on three occasions, but ali‘ter that for-
,ltunes on the mat \vaincd.

‘ When Edd Bowers tool: over as head football coach in

1961, he also inherited the coaching; duties of the‘ wrestling

 

the lead guard, “‘85 given an honorableitcam, a sport he had not handled before. Bowers was only

‘supposed to ‘\\'rest1e’ with the team for one season until a
regular Wrestling couch could be found and Bowers \\0ul(l
;bc allowed to concentrate on his other two sports, football
land tennis.
The zulministration’s attitude toward wrestling w
lflcctcd in their choice of a new coach — a senior ph 1
education merior dud football standout, Terry Moore, \rho
W W had nei'el' wrestled before.
The new coach had several
major problems facing him
_ before he could begin his job.
While he cheCted the ex,
pericnced members of the
- team to help with the tench-
ing of’ the many complex
i; ’ ‘ ' V ,, moves in the sport, he had to
' L v ‘ lenrn enough to have 2\\\‘01'l(—
ing‘ knowledge of wrestling.
Secondly, ho had to learn the
exercit s and drills necessary
. to pro, 9 a team for their
schedule of matches. Thirdly,
and most difficult, he hzrd to
gain the respect of a team
, that had been his classmates
the year before, and know
that he had no experience in
wrestling
In his season, last
‘ "ear, Moores suuzld was
1 _'ued by injuries and a poor attitude in some places, and
it rrshed last iii the Conference meet. This season the pros-
pects didn’t look much brighter with no returning letter-
men and only one returnee from last year, The wrestling
prospects notes in Grirrnell’s winter sports book seemed
’like a pre-season apology for another poor season: "With
nine sophomores on this year’s team and no returning let-
ltcrmen, this will be a rebuilding year for Coach Terry
‘Moure and his wrestlers . . .”
] Using some new ideas in cmrclringéh’lool'e ‘built his
group of sophomores and juniors into a team that the Ben
loit wrestling coach casually termed the surprise of the Con-
ference tournament. I belicre that if some kind of unoffi-
.cial poll were taken, we would [ind this Coach joining eight
lother Midwest Conference helmsmen and the Grinnell wres—
ltling‘ team in giving Terry Moore their vote as l’Iat Coach
of the Year.

Unfortunate] Moore‘s tentatir‘e‘plans after completing;
his masters tleD e in August lean toward going into the
iI’cace Corps, and not returning for another year as coach.
With the prospect of the best wrestling team in Grinncll
history‘next year, I only hope that the administration will
not forget the team, and ‘11 get a coach who will do as
‘conscientious a job as ”Big F" has done in the past two
,vcars.

roe

Terry Moore

 

Place your Classified Ads in the S&B or!- ﬁre low Sludenr Rare. Any student or organi-

zation affiliated with Grinnell College is eligible for this rate.
* Adverrise for rides home this vacation

1t Books for sale
* Books to buy

1% Items
* Perso

Don't- gamble on word of mouth or the bulletin boards. Use our dependable Classified

Service.

Call Conrad Daum. 5&3 business manager. Ex'l's. 240 or 349 for rules and information.

wanted

no! norices

 

 

 

Friday. March l5. I963

SCARLET AND BLACK

Tllinc/ads Second in North Central Relays

60 yard high and low hurdles.

thW“ Pick; UP ~ ‘roiblr:";';‘sut;r
i Two‘ First Places] ‘

nod. Brown won both the

, mile and two mile run and won
‘tlte trophy for the individual

. Corning within haltiavpoin‘t of'who’ scores the most points in
,., he winners, ,«GFinnell‘s . trachnhe meet. Kant Rogerson placed
llieztm placed second'in diyision'second in the high jump, predis—
l‘II of the North Central nelays ing,the old record with a leap
l‘at Nanci-ville, lll., last Satut‘day.§ol' 6'3” just one week otter lin-

. North Central won the divsion‘iShmg the bRSkE‘bau 50350“-

‘tuy. A lap is 160 yards.

Paul Patterson, John Sutton,
‘Langham and Beckord were
i second in the 20 lap relay.

littgreu, Pete Nassiir, Beckord

and Langham were third in
the 12 lap event.

Other Pioneer placers wcre
‘Gene Kowert, tourth in the
pole vault and Fred Berg and
DeEerg third and tilth respec-
tively in the so yard dash,

Page Seven

lHughes, Mooly
gDiffer on Tax
Relief Package

l In the ether-dinner session of
lhe State Legislative Session, at
ortion of the Program in Prac-
,ical Political Education, Iowa
,Governor Harold E. Hughes and
Lieutenant Governor, William
Mooty dittered on proposals {or
lowa property tax relief.

"II section for the third straight;
Other Becltord, Jen Langham and Ed-

. team's arter Grinnell’s 57vz were gran took first in the 3 lap I‘E-
Beloit 25, Cornell‘

iycar‘with 57% points.

, Wabash Zip/2.
21V: and Dubuque 19,

Coach Dick Young
‘ ,‘ ' last week’s conrcrence victory.

Wilmer of the mile and
tn‘orlnile events and the in-
tli 'tlual high-point trophy'
nndrd at the Nyu'tlr Central
Relays was Rod Brown, Pio-
neer sophomore.

capped by the square track
and very tight turns.

gren produced his best

A team at Tom DCEerg. Bruce

The next meet for the tl‘ackrl

telt the ,
team was down mentally from ;

The runners were also hnnlli- '

Young did me some good inmvtth Smith meeting nawson in

,dividual achievements. John Ed-
times , ,
and placed second in both the ”W0 was a scoring mtxupt ne-

 

Sl'. Paul's Student Center
EPISCOPAL

. Sundays—s a.in., 10 am and 4:31) pm,
In Wednesdays—7 a.m., Eucharist

- Fridays—4:30 pm, Eucharist

a Daily Offices—9:15 am, anddtso p.111.

Fla Treble, Vicar and Chaplain

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A short walk is good for you. But when you really
want to travel you can’t beat Greyhound for going
places at lowest cost. In fact Greyhound costs less
thantrains,planesordrivingyourself. Foreconomy,
GO GREYHOUND. . . AND LEAVE THE DRIVING TO US.

No other term at public transportation has fares so low. For example:

1 Way R. T.
2.00 3.60
.80 1.45
8.20 14.80
9.20 16.60

9.20 10.05
2.10 d. i

Minllcﬂllolis

Des Maine; lowa City

Newton
Phone TEX 0 Station

238-7182 for more

inf .

Chicago

St. Louis
mtion

BAGGAGE via can ma non uni ynu an .1 Grgyhound ll tall order snnd uracivoi ulrz
handle an ahead by demand paeiiga cipirss I|Sl ie in tom and coslsyotr less,

men will be the Iowa Indoor
Relays at Cedar Falls, March 23,

 

Animal Life

By Marc Clnrc

The basketball title is going
ight down to the wire this year,

The howling tournament is ale
most upon us, being held Mon—
day, with Langan trying to dc.
fend the championship they won
last year, and be the ﬁrst. to
hold the new traveling trophy,
According to reliable sources,
Langnn’s detense will end at the
attempt mar though

a replay game. in the contest
held at tho start oi the season

lcessitating a rematch,

Smith is currently in ﬁrst.
place with a 15-4 mark, ones
halt game ahead oI Clark, 1575
in Smith wins its iortlicoming
lgamc, the championship will go

Moore Announces
lalon with it, but a loss will . .
‘causi a tie tor the crown withiwl‘esﬂmg Capfams

1 Clark.
, Saturday A team

the Cl‘“ 7, _ Coach Terry Moore announced
BASKETBALL STANDINGS Tuesday that juniors Al Mac-
. Smith 15.4 ,Knight and Will Van Horne had
. Clark 1575 been elected honorary eo-cap.
. Dibble 10-6 ltains tor this year and next year

. Cowles 11-7 .3150.

. Gates 11,9 Van Horne. who won the 1477
.Norlh 9-7 ‘pound crown, wrestled in both
- South 7.9 ,the 147 and 157 pound divisions
”East 5"" ldurine the dual meet season,
.nawson 5.11 l 1 ° .1 1 as _ d
West “2 ant Comple( a — lecor.
Langan 3717 l MacKnight, the surprise of
‘the team, won only three oi
,seven dual mect matches, In
High scorer tor the contest was ”‘9 W‘meme "we“ he ’1“ h“

Tom Frantz who contributed 47 - ids and captured third place
points to the Clark cause. in the 137-poiind class,

ran up the highest point. total
of the year, beating South 88-6-

 

SALES Q REPAIR Q RENTAL

* Smilh - Corona
at Olivetti
* Hermes

LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
‘A' at at *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
imprinted March Book Covers
School and Parry Supplies
Mimeoqruplling
GRENNEhL Gin-5&2 StiPPLY

"ACRGSS FROM THE PGST OFFECE"

 

. Hughes said, “If the Iowa
farmers are entitled to agricul-
tural land tax credit increases,
home owners are entitled to
lessened land taxes.

l Mooty. however, stated that:
he opposed a homestead tax
credit increase but said a boost
in the agricultural land tax
should be “part or the package”
of property tax relief.

State Senator Robert Rigler,
Republican floor leader, Called
homestead credit little real re-
liet ”for property taxes for
farmers and businessmen." The

, real burden, said Rigler, talls on

business and farm inventories.

1 Mooty added that the property
tax danger has been “overplay-
ed.“

i At the evening -seminat were
lappl‘oximately 225, while an
‘equal number attended the att-
lernoon activities.

lSenale Quorum
llacking; NSA
Group Reports

By Richard Ohlemeyer
5 to B stair Writer

Because of the dinner with
Iowa Governor Hughes, the num—
ber'of senators at Wednesday's
meeting was less than the re—
quired quorum. Business was
carried out intormally,

A detailed progress report on
the McCari-an dict study group
was delivered to those in attend—
ance by Jack Chapman. The
study group, sponsored by the
National Student Association
Committee, has produced a reso-
lution to be voted on in each
hall March 25

This resolution calls tor either
a repeal or a reconsideration
tchuice to he decided in each
hall) or the McCarran Act. Also
planned arc some hours March
20 and 21. The ﬁrst comes hour
will feature Albert Payne, a
consultant to the ton-ans tor EE-
i'cctn-c Citizenship. speaking in
favor of the act. t the second
con'ec hour Richard Criley, Secs
rctdl'y cl the Chicago Committce
to Dcrend the Bill of Flghls.
\Hil speak against the act.

 

RCA

 

‘Jcl‘or's Dynagroovo

_. oi dazziing new recording proeess

Here is what you will hear

0 True brilliance at all volume levels
0 Perfected Presence

6 Greater Clarity

G Remarkable Fidelity

Dynsigroove records are
new in stock orl

EEPER'S Mll§l€ C0.

 

 

 

Page Eighi

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, March l5. I963

 

érihne,

Ed. note; Bill llcrman, class oi 1951, is a travel
scholar in Alina.

Operating under the rule. The best way to
know it is to see it," the male contingent of Gr-iniiell
in Africa undertook a satari through East Atrica. This
journey took place during our seven week summer
vacation. The distances being rather great, walking
was out at the question, so we resorted to a tour-
whccled monster known as the Gray Gern. ln lays
man's language this relers to a 1956 Land Rover-
truck, a bit the worse tor wear when we started and
even more so now. With beds. cooking stovc, and Ollie
or equipment we became a sell sulticicnt untt, a fact
which proved very usetul

Malosa school being located in the southern part
or. Nyasaland, we tirst had to traverse the Gun miles
to the northern tip of the country. Roads were ins
troduced here about so years ago but one could hardly
say that an extensive turnpike system had been de—
vcloped. Thus .we bounced along, at times not being
certain which end was tip, over roads that make the
Lake Acre route seem like a super highway. There
are many times when one might question whether
they are even one lane. However. the country through
ivt'hich we passed is some ot the most beautilul l have
ever seen. but at the same time extremely primitive,
These mountains and valleys are from the southern
end of the Great Rirl. Valley, a'phenomenon ot na»
ture quite unique in itsell.

ALL ALONG THE way one sees the typical tiny

quaint that one otteii tor-gets the apalling state ot
povclty which they represent, a tact which can not
help but to arouse the mind oi one coming lroni
Galbrailh's Attlnent Society The urban centers
through winch oire passes are images ol a tr-ontier-
town in the wild west with the row at Asian stores,
police station, and government headquarters or boma
surrounded by native huts

The people themselves are extremely triendlv. al—
tlrouglr a bit shy ot strange characters such as Hoth
and Herman These rural people seem very happy and
clicerl‘ut, and quite unaware ot the rigors ot so-call-
ed civilized modern society. There may be much
truth in the old saying, “ignorance is bliss."

Oh we drive until reaching the custoirrs post,
where after the usual amount of red tape plus coin»
plications over a wrong engine number on the Gray
Ger-ii, we pass into Tanganyika. From here on we are
aware of a noticeable rinprovemcnt in conditions The
land, although still very mountainous, begins to open
up. with much less brush, larger tields, more spacious
huts and better dressed people Here and there we
see sisal and tea estates with some machinery whlcll
makes an old town boy ieel more at home One flat
tire, two electrical tires, onc delay due to tappets
and two days later, we reach the center of Tanganyi-
ka Here the country is much drier, but the liver
stock population is considerably heavier, although the
quantity tar outweighs the quality.

From here we push on toward the coast and Dar-

l hraci, ilerman, Tours East Africa

development with many estates and much better
roads, some even paved. We have now come from
the high cool mountains to the low scacoast where
temperatures, humidity, and rainfall show remarkable
increases.

The city ol Dar is an interesting mixture of old
and new: of European, Arab and Atrican. Land is
no problem so the city is spread over a wide area
with government buildings and shopping center in the
middle around the harbor. The whole atmosphere is
very cosmopolitan Having taken advantage of en-
tertainments ot the city, we made preparations tor a
visit to the island of Zanzibar, center ot old Arab
slave trade. Zanzibar is located 45 miles from Dar
and hoping to get the real teel. we chose to go over
by native boat called a dhow.__

As things turned out we get more of a real feel
than expected. These dhows are the present versions
of those used by the Arab traders for many centuries
along the coast. Many still use sails but others like
the one we took have been fitted with engines. They
haul small loads of trcight between the ports along
the coast. The captain and crew were just like out of
a book and of course could speak almost no English
so conversation was limited, We departed at 5 pm,
and arrived in Zanzibar harbor at 1 am. where we
anchored tor the night. it was a wonderful star-lit
night tor sleeping. but trying to sack out on piles oi
rope, oil drums, sacks of grain and fruit made us
aw that this was not the statler Hilton. Next

mud huts with grass roofs which are the homes of E5 .
the majority of natives. They seem so natural and ganylka.

Salaam. the capital and urban center of Tan-

mol‘ning, after the usual flourish of red tape, We drag-
The country shows signs of considerable

ged our stiff bodies into the city.
Dean King Talks Sunday

l
Students at colleges and uni- College church this Sunday Toynbee to Speak NeXt on culture

Travel Panel .

+ 0.“: ,T' S versities across the nation arelwill teaturc Di. Winston King, DL Amid J_ Toynbee my mum"

0 er lp eligiblelo paincipate ma unique Dean of the Chapel pieaching ing Heath professor will speak The lecture will be part of
foreign languago progr'tm i“_ Eu- on the subject “‘1 dont like Wednesday in Rebel}. Theatle on the 1! 3,1". series of Fine Arts

the ywcA pmgmm wmmmgg' “on Wm] the poungamn fo,.begin at 11-36 in Herrick Chapel of Cullureistyles tor the Hisr students.
will present a panel Tuesday Euiopean Language and Educa—

at 7 p.m in ARH auditorium tional Centers ot Zurich, Switz-
to otter tips and Ein‘iwci ques-leyland » i
tions.

students and taculty members Twelverweck intensive lay;-
who have rm.“ in Europe m tguage programs wrll be offere ,

cently will draw lioin their ‘begmnmg Sept 3“ ‘“ hem“

(New, ex e, was n 5,, es. lat Pails, France, and Lausanne,
mg “mg thf’ng‘m do} “H“ W iSwitzerland, in German at CoA,

- - . logne Germany in ltalian at
:13; 2:055:12 8? 1:335 . ‘Flor.ence Italy, and in Spanish
General information will im‘at Barcelona and Madrid, Spain ‘
elude current cosls, sights and Deadline for applications for
appropriate clothing, the fall program is March 27.
Faculty participants
Wayne Denny (physics)
Edith Slernfeld (art).

Officials Reveal

 

Travel Opporiunifies

 

win her Persons interested in the tall]
and

,program, or similar programs
lscheduled for winter, spring and‘
summer, 1964, may obtain ap-
.p1ications or additional intoimae
ition by contacting F J. Moiti-
l,niore Kellogg Center, Michiganl
[State University, East Lansing,l

Industry Grant

An unrestricted grant or $5,000 '-
to Grinnell College trom the
International Nickel Company,
Inc, has been announced by
college officials.

The award is one of a series
of grants made by international
Nickel to liberal arts institutions
and is part of the company’s
program of aid to higher educa-;
tion in the United states, l

This grant supplements a sim-
ilar International Nickel gitt‘
made to Grinnell last year.

iMich.

In the spring. a Grin-

nell girl's fancy turns ra-

ward the Men of Cowlgs

2nd Eas+*

 

snowman
wow???
_ E Fiﬁ. i:i\
ESW thou: E

Aha” til. UTELY E
FREE g

MAMAW.‘ vitl‘v'y‘t'Wh

UNNINGH

 

can Processing
each Roll of
Flint if
Pie. rchased and
Frocessod all
C

These lelfers stand for Air Force Officer
Training School—a ll‘ll’EE'mOﬂlll course lor
those who realize they want to become
Air Force officers, but don't have enough
school time left to enroll in AFROTC.

We prefer our officers to start their training
as freshmen, so we can commission them
direclly upon graduailon. Bul right now we’re
accepting applications for another fine way
to become an Air Force officerAOTS. We
can't guarantee that this program will still

 

 

Go A. F.O.T.S!

be open a year or so from now.

As an Air Force officer, you'll be a leader on
the Aerospace Team, serving your country
while you get a flying headslari on the tech-
nology of the future. The U.S. Air Force
sponsors one of the world’s most advanced
research and development programs—and
you can be part of it.

If you're within 210 days of graduallon, get
more information on OTS from llle Professor
of Alr Science.

U.S. Air Force

 

