Speakers Dominate Senate Session

Leggett, Thompson
Address Senators

By DICK CHADY

Student government ended a “bureau-
oratic but necessary" phase Wednesday
night by hearing tinal committee re-
ports and special talks by President
Leggett and Dean Thompson. About so
other students attended the session,
held Ill ARH auditorium, to hear the
two addresses.

After committee and cabinet reports,
President Leggett told the group that he
was ending the year “wiser but not
sadder.” Speaking inrormally and with-
out notes, he discussed the live proh-
[ems faced by college presidents in gen-
era! and himselr in particular.

The first problem is that of support.
Leggett said that because students pay
Dilly 64.5 per cent of the total costs,
the remaining amount must come ironl
other sources. He said that what mo-
tivates persons to support the college
ls an interest in Grinnell as an cit-going
institution, not whether or not it suits
their notion of morality Quality, not
pleasing conservative interests, is what
’ draws support in the long run.

The second problem he mentioned

PROBLEM— .
(Continued on Page 4)

'66 Grads Will Hear
President at Pomona

Dr. E. Wilson Lynn, president of P0<
mona (Calif) College, will deliver the
address Friday, May 27, at Grinnell's
ﬁrst outdoor commencement in history.

228 seniors will be candidates for
bachelor ct arts degrees at the tradi-
tional commencement Ceremonies,
which will be held at 2:30 p.m. on the
central campus green, The college
Forum and the Hall of Science will
provide the backdrop for the program.

In case of rain, the ceremonies will
be moved indoors to Darby Gymnasium.

Baccalaureate services will be at 8
p.m. Thursday, May 25, in Herrick
chapel with Homer Norton (history)
speaking

Lyon. who has headed Pomona tor
the past 25 years, is a historian who

COMMENCEMENTA
(Continued on Page 8)

THE SENATE Wednesday night heard President Glenn Leggeit give an "oil-the-cuif" state of the college dd- ,
dress. The talk was followed by a question and answer period. '

 

Grinnel College

9mm

Oldest College Newspaper West or the Mississippi

 

Vol LXXll

érinnoll, Iowa, Friday, May 13, me

No. 17

 

New Faculty Appointments

Made. Public

President Leggett has announced the
appoinlment of eight new faculty mem~
bars for next year, They are Marion G.
Vanfossen, associate professor of so-
ciology; Robert H. Canary, assistant
protessor of English; Thomas H, Charl-
ton, assistant professor of anthropology;
Karl T. DeLong, assistant professor of
biology; w. 9. Alexander, in, instruc<
tor in political science; and Ezra Men-

Tlre Year In Retrospect, 0r:

'Involvement v

it was a year or breaking in a new
president at Grinnell, a year that saw
government spend most of its year
proudly defending the status quo in or-
der to give the new president a chance
to get both root on the ground.

It was a year that saw the word “in-
volvement" assume almost sacred pm
portions and nearly everyone wanted
nearly everyone else to get involved, A
group of hopeful lreshmen even started
a committee based on involvement (The
Grinnell Committee for Student Involve-
ment). Presumably they became so in-
volved in other things that this commit-
tee quietly vanished from the Grinnell
scene.

Anyway, in keeping with the theme of
involvement, another group of Grinnel~

. Status Quo'

lians (the soecalled Des Moines Project)
started work in the slums section of Des
Moines. Outward signs or progress were
few and whereas work over the summer
had been one of the early plans that idea
was dropped several weeks ago.

Meanwhile, back on campus, North
Campus, ils problem and what or what
not to do about it dominated the local
scene.

With the spring came the new birth in
student government. Everyone wanted
change and no candidate ran on a plat-
form at detending the status quo. A pro-
liferation of committees were formed to
discuss everything from radio stations
to bookstores.

A complete wrap-up of student govem-
ment, music, and theatre at Grinnell
this year as well as many pictures are
on pages 6 and 7.

By President

delsohn, Bamard M. Mergen, and Terry
M. Parssinen, instructors in history.

Leggett said the college expects to an
nuunce the appointment of a new col
lege chaplain, instructors in Russian
and French, and an addition to the
men’s physical education staff in the
near future.

Vant‘ossen, who has a PhD. degree
from Emory University, has taught at
Pennsylvania State, Bucknell, and Fur-
man Universities. He has a BA. from
Blackburn College and an MA. from
Pennsylvania State.

A member of the San Diego State Col-
lege faculty the last three years, Canary
holds a on. from Denisnn University
and an M.Ar and PhD. from the Uni-
versity of Chicago. He was a National
Merit Scholar and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.

Charlton has a BA. from the Univer»
sity of Toronto and a PhD. from Tulane
University. A Woodrow Wilson Fellow,
he has taught at Toronto the last two
years.

Also :1 Wilson Fellow, DeLong holds a
BA. from Oberlin College and a PhD.
from the University of California (Bern
keley). Now on the Ripon taculty, he has
also taught on the Berkeley campus.

Alexander has a B.A. from Davidson
College and an MA. from Vanderbilt
University, and is a Ph.D. candidate at
the University of Rochester. He has
taught at Marshall University, the State

‘ NEW FACULTY—
(Continued on Page 4)

'Ad Hoc' Report
Given to Leggeti'

By BOB HODIERNE ‘1

The Ad Hoc Committee on Hall Re-
organization this morning gave Presi-
dent Glenn Leggett their recommendat-
tiuns on the much vaunted, much talk-
ed-about “North Campus Problem."

The proposals, which Steve Kent, SGK»
president and memher ot the committee,
said are “relatively modest structural
innovations and improvements.” sug-
gest that the college adopt a system
whereby freshmen on North Campus
draw {or rooms at the end of their
freshmen year in much the same way
all women do on South Campus.

Alter drawing a room tor their sopho-
more year, the male student would be
allowed to remain in that hall for the
rest ni his stay at Grinnell provided he
wanted to. The propnsals suggest liberal- _
izmg the process by which a student can
move from one hall to another.

The proposals to Leggett say this
new system would “have an ettect upon
the closed-society aspects of some of the
men's halls without destroying their
traditional integration and seltegovern-
ing independence."

Kent, in commenting on this part or
the proposal, said that it “will not dis«
rupt in any appreciable way the living
patterns developed by present men stu:
dents." .

Leggett will now consider these pro-
posals — for they are no more than pm-
posals — and then make the final decl-
sion as to what action, it any, should be

‘AD HOC’— 1

(Continued on Page 5)
.—__4

ADDRESS HEREl

xog 653110;)
Womew‘d 9! iqnd

 

Scarlet and Black

GRIMNELL COLlEGE
Grim-ll. low-

a weekly newspaper published mil Friday or the col.
lose ml by the oriuueu Cbmmllee on Student Public.-
umuReprﬁented for napalm udvenising by Nntional Ad-
veruslu Service. rum, college hihlisnus u resenutivc,
)3 2.53m: Street, am; ymkszzgsgx. Sewn cpl: posi-
ngsp : Grim. own. u ricinnnu 5.00 1
normal yea. um mid iuuscdpriom. P W

has nudism:

Humid rum
...__.A!u| mind
ill-nil- rams
Save (259,

[Um MANAGR
ASSOCIATE :nnoa
can EDITOR

mun. mum"
mam‘non human
Ahml‘lsml; ASSIS'KANI‘ V m
moms-Arm Scot: Inn-Inn, mu on u. no. wait
mu, hui rt mu. um,
, Nlﬂl, up“ humor, JI-e mm,
1W soon. uno- socmm Jun manila. 13ny wow.

Editorial . . .

The Draft

F Tomorrow morning many Grinnell men —- like so
many college men around the country - will take a
test to determine Whether or not they are valuable
enough to the country not to be drafted. The Selective
‘Service deferment of students is a wonderful thing. If
you’re smart enough, wealthy enough, and just plain
lucky enough to be in school, you get deferred. if

you’re too stupid, too poor or too unlucky, you get
drafted.

,l When the Selective Service system runs out of
hon-college people the next step is to line everyone
up, look them over, and defer those with blond hair
and blue eyes.

[North Campus

'l After a year of talk the discussion of the North
Campus problem moved into its final stage this morn-
ing. The Ad Hoc Committee on Hall Reorganization
submitted its proposals to President Leggett. Presi—
dent Leggett is now faced wth the task of making the
final decision with regard to the structure of hall life
at GrinneLl.

When President Leggett came to Grinnell in the
fall he had heard in advance from administrators that
the style of life on North Campus left much to be- de-
sired. One of his first experiences here was Encamp-
ment. The students there dwelled on the problems at
Grinnell (after all, that was the idea, to find solutions
to problems). Anyway, President Leggett came away
from all of this with the feeling that there was some-
thing really wrong with North Campus and that struc—
tural changes could remedy this situation.

Early in the year, then, he started action to pre-
cipitate change in hell life. Committees were formed,
discussions held and letters written. With each passing
committee meeting the administration became more
committed to a change of some kind.

As the year wore on, however, President Leggett
became more convinced that perhaps the extent of the
problem on North Campus had been somewhat exag-
gerated. Perhaps, it was felt, the problems at Grinnell
'weren’t the result of any structural flaw and perhaps
everyone was looking in the wrong place for the an-
swer. Wednesday night when the President spoke to
the Senate this feeling was made clear and his tone
was almost apologetic with regard to the North Canl~
pus problem.

We wouldn't be a bit surprised — or dismayed ~—
lf the final decision on the North Campus Problem en-
tailed even less change than suggested by the ‘Ad Hoc‘
Committee. Perhaps then we can look for the more
Subtle causes of the problems at Grinnell.

SCARLET'AND BLACK

Letters . ..
Chaplain Answers

To the Editor:

Reporting about the many complex issues
discussed at the recent ACM Chaplains and
Counselors Conference was a difﬁcult job and
Cathy Jones did well at it (Ed Note: Last
week's 511.3, Page i), but a shortening of the
context of some at the Views expressed, par-
licuui—ly about faculty immaturity, has led
to serious misunderstanding.

The reactions of [acuity to students ques-
tions about sex was one of the main topics of
the Conference, and the viewpoint that faculty
responded immaturely was strongly expressed,
The issue is discussed in may )oumals and
columns, and the consensus is that facul-
ty do take Ii rather aneslded, academic view-
point up the problem. My observations pi
{acuity behavior It Grinnell and elsewhere
lead me to believe that college teachers and
administrators generally shy away from deal-
ing with the problem, are embarrassed by it,
and are more easily aroused to extreme avoid-
ance reactions when the problem is pressed
upon them than corresponding professional
groups I have known, These are classic ex—
pressions of what we call immaturity, and the
behavior can be detected in men in their 50‘s
as well as among adolescents. But please ab-
solve me of the View that a faculty is "the
most immature segment oi society."

Some lacully do face me questions: mo
many prefer to avoid them, retreating into
“my specialty” or across the “necessary dis-
tance between professor and pupil.” When
something as fundamental and universal as
human sexuality is involved, I regard such
avoidance reactions as signs of immaturity,
no matter how old the persons are. But the
point is not to lake pot-shuts at professors: in
keep this whole issue balanced we must noticu
that many students are loath to admit that
they have sex problems. The poinl is lo de-
velop an intelligent strategy by which students
can gain willing and knowledgeable adult
leadership towards better understanding of
the Whole range of the physical and emotional
aspects of human sexuality.

Such leadership should not be expecled
from college professors (luring adVising ses~
sions on course registration, nor should pru-
tessors be forced into Conversations which
make them acutely embarrassed, but there
should be some time and leadership all me
College for such conversations. My impres-
sion is that faculty who are personally em-
barrassed by such questions are the very
ones who lake the position that the College as
a whole has no business becoming involved
with students' sex problems. I certainly grant
an individual professor the right not to be ex—
posed to threatening embamssmeuis, but i
believe the general positinn just described lo
be unrealistic, irresponsible, and educationally
selirdefeallng . , , The residential on go
should lake advantage of HS in loco on
a level higher than parenlisi When slu»
dents see professors shy away from sex ques-
tions the result is a reinforcement of the
ethic that sex is vaguely dirty and box in be
discussed among refined people, or the ethic
that sex behavior has no moral or social
implications at all. I don’t believe that many
faculty members endorse either point or View.
yei both seem to be inadvertently promoted
here. EducationalIy, no single factor is man
eflective in interfering with studying and dis.
tracting from the intellectual work of the col-
lege than being (in the untranslatable idiom)
hung up on sex. Professors at residential cal—
leges who refuse to consider this problem a
part or their responsibility not only indicau
a certain immaturity (problem avoidance)
but also a had sense 01 educational tactics. it
is as important [0 know students as it is to
know the discipline, l1 me object is to gel Kh-
lwo togetherl

Solutions? in the absence of more eiloo
live and widespread Lacuky responsiveness
and involvement, one solution is to press {or
more professional Counselling services, so
lhat there will be less reliance and less pres-

Friiliw, my I). ma

sure no faculty members who are neither pre-
pared nur willing to get involved. SGA could
do many inexpensive slings to develop co-
cun'icular Speakers and Well-led discussions
I think that We all, students and faculty alike,
are more Victorian and conservative in our
treatment of the issue of sex than We realize.
At an institution designed lo apply the maxi4
mum of rational thought and moral SeusiLiviiy
to me nature at man and his physical and so-
cial world, it is too bad to see so little Con-
slnlctive attention paid to something so fun-
dammital as human sexuality at a time when
student attitudes toward sex are in great ﬂux
and when technological progress (the pill) so
radically alters the terms cl an ageold de-

bate.
Roger L. Eldridge (ch-plain)

Raven No. I

To me Elihu:

The pressing need for privacy among stuA
dents has received considerable ltlention In
recent weeks, with most students agreeing
that such it need does exist They are always
careful to add, however, that the desire to be
alone with someone does not of necessity eu-
lail an intention to indulge in sexual relations.
Undoubtedly this is true in many cases, per-
haps the majority. But why will no one admit
lhat there are couples on campus who are
justiﬁed in wanting to be alone for sexual rea
sons? Most people seem to feel that pre mari<
lal sex is a sordid matter that Should be dis-
cretely ignored or discussed as a campus mob
ter. Undoubtedly there are many students
who, for various reasons, are wise to abslain
irom pre - marital intercourse, Certainly
there are also students who unwisely have pr€~
marilal relations. But why are mosl people
unable to see that the choice is an individual
matter? There actually are couples on mine
pus who are able in disregard conventional
mores without trauma, who have taker; ade-
quate precautions against pregnancy, and who
ﬁnd that sexual intercourse is a meaningful
and pleasurable way to express their love [or
each other. To ignore the fact that such re-
lalionships exisgs lo foster a society that
erecis artificial barriers between people. if
trust and Open communication betwem in<
dividuals Can’t begin until a contract is
signed, can we really expect them to begin
after that? - »
A Raven-haired Coed

Raven No. 2

An Ode to In Anonymous ill-G Employee

Let us go then, you and X,

With the dawn tripping through the streets
upon llie sly,

Like two patients etherized upon a table:

Let us go, through certain hall-deserted
streets.

The muttering retreats

0f 3&5 men in [heir daily rounds

Checking to see no student’s out of bounds:

Streets that follow like a tedious argument

of insidious intent

To lead you to an overwhelming ques-
tion .

on, do not ask “where were you?"

l'll think of something else to do.

in llie Quad the women come and go
Talking of all their many Beaux.

And indeed there will be time

To wonder, “do I dare?” and “do I dare?"

Time to turn back and descend the stair

Emerging softly from some young :tudent’!
lair.

Do i dare
Disturb the universe!

Shall I say,

I have gone at dawn through narrow roads

And watched the com that rises from I11!
ﬁeld.

Of Iowan: in nhirlsleeves, leaning out at
barns? . . .

Arid alter all . . .
April is the cruelest month. . .

Amuymoui N.Y. Coed

 

Friday. May 13, mt

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page rim

 

Boo y Will leave for Colorado;
Taught Here for Twelve Years

By JUDY SCOTT

“You might say I lm leaving Grin-
nell because leaving is so difﬁcult,"
commented Dick Baay (German) "The
larther almg in any business the deeper
this roots grow and these have been
very good and exciting years lot me,"

Baily has recently accepted the dip
pointment of chairman In the deparb
ment of German and Russian at Col0v
rado College in Colorado Springs, Colo-
rado. He will begin his new job in the
June summer session. A replacement
appointment at Grinnell will not be
made until later next year. The pre-
sent German department members will
drop any outside loads, such as Human-
ities courses, to temporarily fill in the
vacant place left by Baay.

Outside of his role as professor, Baay
has been personally involved in campus
lntemational Relations and Chapel ac-
tivities, In regard to these areas he
sees that a time of change is coming.
“Na progmm,” he said, ”can go for
a long time without staleness setting in
somewhere.

"The 'Fifth Year Abroad’ is due for
reevaluation. The last tow years have
Shown a dropping oil of participants,
partly because of the number entering
the Pace Corps and because Grime“
always has a largo number of client:
lot gmduate war ."

Buy has shared Ilia pulpit sweral
times witlt Chaplain Roger Eldridge
ma participated in tho Board pl Ra-

ATTINTION
1!“ GRADUATE!

h.v.

pr»;

main; is was." in tin ymt. o."
Enculln Dov-lopm-ut Ptogmn nu
qu-lllv you. Send your compldl re»
turn. la: M. ll And-nan. Partonn-i
Dirnclor. City Nation-l Ilnlr i
Trust Co... loll. Ind sund Avenul.
K-mu City. Minouri NHL

liglons student and faculty discussions.
This areas major content ho jelt is
"to find the administration's point of
view on the role the collegu chapel play:
in education and how it can help tin
college's image to tho outside worl
Ho added that an appointment tor ll
new college chaplain should not be
made until student and administrative
desires are made clear.

Looking back over his 12 yours at
crtnnell, Baily stated that the perspec-
tive was not really sufficient to com-
men! an any major changes in student
attitudes He did say that ”with the Bali—
bre of students at Grinnell there should
be evident more intellectual ferment
and independent. study

“This need not be promoted by in-
stitutionaliztng independent study as a
part at the curriculum,” Cnntinued Belay,
“but hoth students and taculty should
lake it upon themselves As it is, stu-
dents do talk about it but they shy
away from it."

Reasons for this lack at independent
study, Baay felt, was the great amount
or energy and mutlvatlon needed and
the time element which may be lack<
tug at Grinnell tn allow for successful
independent work. H such work could
ever become an integml part oi tho
putpos. her. it would nourish, h.
lined,

“lr any curriculum reconstruc-
tlon were to M done, tho natur- or
the senior year,” commented laay,
“also need: primary “tuition."

'l’ve enjoyed and gained it great deal
while here 1nd l'vs seen Grind-J! gm
ind improve in a variety of ways," ho
said.

“Without necessarily comparing it
with other institutions. it med: to g.
on taking A hard look at its total pro—
gram just in order to keep alive. I
think students should play the greater
part in participating in the planning of
changes. Th: faculty does not prevent
them. i would lilt: to sea them concern
themselves, not with lesser issues as
open-opens and parking lots. but with
the more substantial elements of Grim
nell.”

 

ONE DAY ONLY
Friday, May 20th

LONDON GRAFICA ARTS

presents an exhibition and sale

original. lilhographs.

elchings. wood cu’rs

Dc: umier

Carzou Duly

Corinth

Renoir
Rouaull

Wright Leaves for Seminary
Alter His Year at Grinnell

Edward C. Wright (philnsophy and re-
ligion) will terminate soon his seminar
work at Grinnell—work which has ex-
tended far outside tho Sunday chapel
services,

“lnterchang: with the small groups,"
commented Wright, “has made the lit-
to my being here.” he referred to his
active involvement with colleagues,
study groups, faculty discussions, tha
Board of Religion, French club, the Des
Molnar project and REACH. Above all,
he has helped to alleviate the langrfelt
need for counselling at Grinnell.

Wright commented that he was
”amazed at how Eldridge had gotten
along," and that perhaps a permanent
twoman operation was needed — if not
anoLher chaplain, some other means at
counselling.

His whole purpose or being at Grinnell.
Wright slated. was to get to know the
students. He has made a Very strong
connection between Sunday services and
communication With people during the
Week.

“Good dialogue should be carried on
among students, laculty and chaplain
for the relatiomhip between chapel serv-
ice: and the community to have its op-
timum effect," he said,

He observed that the worship service
could be improved, students and faculty
becoming more inlormed and expressiv.
or their opinions and wants.

“Worship is something built on I In-
ditlon and reworked in the contemporary
idiom," ha said. He commented thtt th-
Chapel committee had started a respon-
libla leevnluation of this problzm.

Thu most meaningiul servio. during
the year Wright round to in the Jewish
Seder, held in Gardner lounge during th-
Jewish Passover. HI felt I movt awards
“the joyful spirit oi celebntion” ex-
pressed than would be a worthwhile goal
tor Sunday chapel. Also ha observed that
communion has not been a pan of tho
chapel fur a long time.

“If people are serious at all Ibout be-
ing Christlan there is something in the

communion that brings them together,"
he stated. “A strong understanding it!
tradition will help any search that stu-
dents may be making and which centerl
around Sunday morning service."
Wright heads soon for Andover Newto-
Theological School ut Newton Center,
Mass, to work toward a masters degrec
in sacrcd theology Following this n
wtll begin “long range" parish wot-k.

Parking lot Problem
Faces Further Study

Plans tor the addition ul parking facili-
ties nn the Grinnell campus will receiv-
lurther study as a result at student pm
tests and meetings with adminislrativl
Dilicials.

All materials have been removed from
the area, which was to have been cun~
Verled to a 20-sp'dce parking lot, and
the only turmer action there will be is
the removal of the tree stump which
provided sitrin facilities for student pro-
testers.

A meeting of President Glenn Leggett
and students Tripp Kennedy, Susan Kiss.
Linda Seckelson, and Dick Wickstrom
resulted in the promise that plans tor
parking tucilities would be restudied
and that no actual work toward the com-
pletion or me lots would be done ovu-
thk summer.

During the meeting, Leggett statgi
that he was pleased with student con-
cern twel- the beauty of the campus. and
hoped that this concern would manila!
itself in regard to walking on the grass.

the feasibility of other parking mm
are now being considered, including th-
possibilities of lots on land surrounding
the college.

However, the possibility oi a lot in n

' position comparable to the protested lot

is being discouraged. Associate Dean
Richard Winters, in discussing possibl-
areas, stated, “I would not favor any
term of encroachment upon central cam-
pus areas tor the purpose or pat-kiug,"

 

Mid/HM

The Tasty Paslry Shop

 

TEAR OUT THIS All!

You heard usl Tear it out so you
won’t forget Ahrv’s big sale next
Thursday, May 19. That’s right. In or-
der to help cure your finals week
blues, Altrv isn’t just bringing in ex-
tra help (though he’s doing that too).
He’s also having a 10% off sale on

Maillol Toulouse~Laulrec
Picasso Van Dongen

and many other: moderately priced

Chagall

all izzas soltlThursda nivht.
Cassatt P y a

AHRV"

lirvano's Pizza

235-5121

Main Hall —Gardner Lounge

9 AM. - 5 PM. Free Delivery

 

Page 'Four

b New Faculty

(Continued from Page 1)

University of New York (Bi-ockpoi-t),
and Rochester.

A third Wilson Fellow, Meltrlelsohii
has a B.A. from the University of Penn-
sylvanin and an MA. from Columbia
University and is a Ph.D. candidate at
Columbia. He has also studied at He«
brew University in Jerusalem and is
currently teaching at Brooklyn College.

The recipient of both Wilson and Fill-
hright Fellowships, Mei-gen holds a
BA. from the University of Nevada and
an MA. from the University of Pennsyl-
Vania. He has taught at the University
of Pennsylvania, University or Gote-
borg (Sweden) and the Communily Col-
lege of phiiadelphia.

Parssinen received his B.A. from Grin-
hell in l963 and has done graduate work
at Brandeis University.

Announced earlier was the appb‘nb
ment or Richard A. Walker and Ray-
mond Dbermiller as assistant professors

SCARLET AN D BLACK

Servene Works Displayed

Richard Cei‘licne (art), is one of 50
altists invited to exhibit a painting at
tlte Slst National Midyeitr Show at the
Rutler institute of American All In
Youngstown, Ohio, Jilly 3 . September 5.

In addition to the paintings by the so
invited participants, 250 contemporary
oils and water colors submitted by artists
of the United States and territories will
be selected for showmg

of physical education for men. Both will
also serve as athletic coaches.

Walker received his BA. from Grin-
nail in 1956, holds a master’s degree
from South Dakota State University.
and is currently working toward his
PhD. at Colorado State College.

Obermiller was graduated irom iowa
State University, has his master’s de
gree from the University of South Da.
kota, and has also done additional grad-
uate Work.

BME'S FLOWERS

1012 Broad

Fh. 236-3197

 

TYPEWRITER

*

STORAGE

*

Again this year we will be able to accept typewriters for tree storage.

May we suggest you have your typewriters reconditioned over the

summer and be all ready to go next fall for a ~iohool year of hard

usage? Our service is guaranteed. Your patronage is .lwsys appreal-

steel.

GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY

(ADVERTISER IN 5&8 IN EVERY tSSUE SINCE I953)

Across from the Post Office

 

Store Clothes

Take Your Siorage Clo’rhes
To Annel’re Gould and
Gre’rchen Brewer on
Soul-l1 Campus.

On North Campus
Jrake 'l‘hem +0
'John Shierholz and Tim Daily.

MEEKER LAUN - DRY CLEANERS 3

”11V: Irood Sh. ﬁrlnnellplow‘g 50111

(Continued from Page 1)

was that ol lacully quality, Leggett said
that while Grinnell can be proud of its
quality, it must also accept the idea
31 mobiltty oi (acuity members. He
noted the increasing competition for aca-
demicians, especially in the large educa<

lional systems oi Caliiornla, New York“

and Massachusetts.

Drew a Laugh

“Student culture" was the third prob-
lem. He drew laughter trom the audi-
ence when he announced that he had
returned Irom the Encampment “con-
vinced that the Whole place would have
to be cleaned out.” But after 5 study
of the residence halls he found it “im-
possible to generalize“ and that things
were “reasonably well civilized.”

Students should not expect radical
changes in the tourth area: the cunt
culum. Leggett said that the process or
curriculum revision is long and involved,
and that the college “needs to find an
approach to curriculum study” 11 e t 0 re
changes can be made.

He discussed the ditticulty ot chang-
ing the common idea oi progress
throughout the four years. That prov
gress is usually seen in terms of gen-
eralization in (he first year, followed
by increasing specialization in the latter
three years. Leggett suggested that the
last year should concentrate more on
interdisciplinary study in order to "make
possible a run sampling of the richness
ol the liberal arts program here.” The
new credit-tall procedure is a step in
this direction, he said.

The final problem to be discussed was
that of administrative structure. Leggett
briefly outlined the roles that new per-
sonnel in the ottices or planning, de-
velopment. and the Dean of Women Will
play next year.

Leggett concluded by saying that he
was “deeply committed to the idea of
a community” and that he was conti-
dent that “we can develop a style of
discussion that will allow us to solve
our problems."

Question Everything

He said that students ought to question
everything—hut that “the style of que5~
tioning controls the kind of college that
results” and that “if we continue in the
way we have started we will have a
good year next year.”

Dean Thompson also spoke at the
meeting, but over a much narrower
subject: Ihe draft. He said that it is
college policy to “leave as many choices
as possible open.”

Thompson explarned that Grinnell had
been reporting the academic status or
male students as a matter of courtesy

GLASSES

Made and Repaired
in Our Laboratory

Contact Lenses

Cases and
Solutions

Eyes Examined
”WI. 235-371,

E. J. Jensen, O.D.
OPTOMETRIS‘I‘
Antoni min PM} 0m“

Bland "Inn, I
' . ind 51!.

'as the

Friday, May ii, was

until selective service changed its Poliv
cy to ask additional tutor-matron, where.
ual “SSS-109" forms merely
required certification of at students ”tull-
time attendance and good standing,” the
newer lorms asked for academic stand-
ing and rank in class.

Grinnell’s policy is midway between
the extremes oi supplying all iniornie-
tion or supplying no information, in that
students are allowed to select which in.
formation will be supplied to their drait
boards. Thompson cited a survey or the
Associated Colleges of the Midwest
which revealed that three schools sent
ranksinclass iniormation automatically,
two sent it unless requested otherwise,
and tive sent it only it requested by
the student.

Letter With SSS-109

Thompson said that Grinnell might at:-
company a partially - incomplete “SSS-
109“ form with a letter explaining that
(a) it was the student's responsibility
to report his class-standing, (b) that the
college respectively requested attention
be given to as many other tactor. as
possible, in that even Gt'iririell students
in the lower quarter of their class were
maklng satisfactory progress towaid a
degree, The letter would explain that at
“C” average is required beiure a stu-
dent is allowed to Continue his studies.

The only Senate business was to re-
ceive the ﬁnal reports at the transporter
lion, admissions, curriculum and hook-
srure committees. In most cases the
committees had only been able to do
preliminary work in their short exist-
ences. However, the Senate did approve
the recommendation of the radio com-
mittee (chaired by Greg Narver) that
the college allocate $2835 to establish
an AM station next year,

“Bureaucratic but Necessary”

In their final reports to the Senate,
the Cabinet officers agreed with Karen
Lauterbach that work this spring had
been “bureaucratic but necessaty." Miss
Lanterbach said that the AWS Hoard
had concerned itself with room draw.
ings, orientation, hall improvements, in-
formation to lreshmeii and had begun
E major project: the evaluation of wo-
men’s hours.

Dan Bucks, Speaker of the Senate,
said that most of the Senate’s work had
been of a “preliminary nature" but that
there had never before been so many
committees exploring so broad a range
of topics.

Steve Kent concluded the reports by
saying that the “organizational phase" oi
student government was ending. He said
that there has been a ”general revival
of interest and enthusiasm“ on Campus,
and that student government was new
active in “long-neglected areas Ol con.
cern." “In a brief period or time he
have set a record or accomplishment
or which we can all be proud.”

 

Friday, May I}. I?“

SCARLEI ‘ND BLACK

Page Fin

 

The Liberal Liberal Arts College and Its Students: Part III

 

Antioch Seen As Historically ﬁeld-Edi?

ED. NOTE: The third — and rinal «
installment oi “The Liberal Liberal
Arts College and its Students" is writ-
ten by Ralph Keyes, a junior at An-
tioch College and the Communi -
Manager there. He writes of an “odd-
hall" college and the problems “in
paradise” that exist there

Antioch College has historically heeii
all otldrball schooli in the early 1550's
Horace (“Be ashamed to die until you
have won some victory tor humanity")
Mann torsook his patrician New England
envlomment to come to the cowtown
oi Yellow Springs, Ohio, and become
Autioch‘s first president. At that time,
in addition to academic excellence, Atl-
tioch pioneered in such areas as cured
and interracial education. In the early
1520's Arthur Morgan and this noted
engineer, philosopher, and educator al.
most singlehandedly restored Antioch
as a leading inuovational college. The
experiments he initiated included a Com-
pulsory work-study plan tor all students,
a general education rather than elective
program, widespread independent study,
and much more. Tnday, Antioch’s edu-
cational and social program might be
termed unusual in the tollnwmg areas:

1) Cooperative Education: Placing
heavy emphasis on the iiiterrelaiedness
oi “Real Life students, “Real Lite,” and
academic work, Antioch requires ail
students (not just technical or physical
science majors) to work on jobs located
by the college for every other quarter in
a ﬁve year, year-round program. "Co-
op jobs” range irom running copy in
a newspaper oiiice to setting up adult
education programs in Canadian mining
camps; troni interning tor senators to
working [01' Civil Rights. The deliiiitinn
or a “valid work experience" is quite
itexihle and a variety oi jobs or inde-
pendent projects can quality.

2) Free Social Environment: Antioch
contends that students mature best. in
the least restricted environment. There-
iore, restrictions are kept to minimal
standards and regulations which give the
students wide latitude to set their own
pattern oi lite. Women have no special
rules, dorm intervisiiation is permitted
almost halt the hours or the day and
political activity is barely regulated.
However, some regulation such as those
against illicit sexual relations on campus
property and against illegal dnig uses
are viewed as minimal and essential. The

PAGlIAI'S
PIZZA

Now Serving

CHICKEN
SPAGHETTI
SHRIMP

Nightly 6-12

FREE DELIVERY

To Hull 'Lounqes Only

PIZZA SERVED
4-1 Mon-SAT.
4-12 sun.

PHONE

236:5331

limitations which d0 extst are left large
iy up to peer enforcement through a far-
reaching Honor System.

3) Communitv Government: in 1926 a
group at farsighted insurgents succeeded
in abolishing student government and re-
placing it with joint studenirlacultyralh
ministration community govemmentt
Community Council composed of six stu<
dents and three iaculty elected at large
has lul‘idiction in the general area at
“Community Livmg”, They have control
over “Hall Hours” (intervisitalion times),
most community standards, and the hon-
or system, Community Government also
has a bookstore, newspaper, radio sta-
tion, $100,000 budget, and several employ-
ees including a community manager,
business manager, bookstore manager,
radio station manager. etc.

4) Student Participation in Governance:
Following some years oi agitation, by
the early 1940’s students had achieved
the right to sit on all major lacuity com<
mittees, including Administrative Coun-
cil which, With six faculty and three stu-
dents (elected), makes the college’s maj.
or ongouig policy decisions in such areas
as budget, taculty tenure and curri<
culum. Two to [our students also sit on
all administrative committees in areas
ranging irom student tenure to faculty
development, and admissions to cum?
culum revision. Students normally are
included in new taculty screening com-
mittees, departmental review boards,
and groups considering new buildings.
In addition they played a major role in
initiating, planning and executing Arl-
tiochs new First Year Program:

5) The New First Year Programi
For the past year Antioch has had a radi<
cally new approach to education tor
freshmen. New students are not required
to attend classes but instead can Volun-
tarily attend special seminars and “pre
sentatlons." Each treshmao is placed in
a ”preceptoral group" presided over by
a preceptor who is a sort of combinae

} ’Ad Hoc’

(Continued (mm Page 1)

taken in changing the residence hall
system.

One suggestion that did not appear to
the proposals was senior or treshmeii
dormitories. That concept was rejected
as being “both unrealistic and undesir-
able,” according to Kent.

With regard to resident advisers on
North Campus the proposals call for
“some adult concern and effort." Kent
said that could be interpreted as mean-
ing maintaining the current number of
residents but having them work in a dif-
ferent manner.

The proposals also reportedly contain
an extensive list at physical improve.
ments needed on North Campus.

At the start oi the proposals the Ad
Hoc Committee listed their goals. They
BIB:

“a. An environment in the residence
halls conducive to a student’s best dear
demic pretormonce.

“b, A social atmosphere that will per‘
mit young men and women to teéliza
their group and individual responsibility.

”c The freedom for the individual to
term. close friends ovena number of
years of ball associations and the chance
to choose a variety of living experi-
ences."

[inn teacher, dean, adviser and father
figure, and a student preceptoralrtellow
who helps out, With the assistance oi his
preceptor and (allow the freshman works
out a study plan, There are no grades in
this program—only evaluations.

Most of the above sounds like a press
agent's delight and probably strays Wide
or a realistic, balanced picture, There
is trouble in paradise, and none DI the
good things at Antioch are without their
price. To even our:

1) The cooperative program has re-
mained virtualy unchanged in 4!) years
time and many question whether simply
“going out on jobs” meets todays com—
plex educational needs. To be told that
your three boring months spent empiyr
ing bedpans in a hospital was a “growing
experience” is not always soothing. Still,
the variety oi experience available under
the coop plan surpassed almost any
{are available at more traditional insti-
tutions.

2) No matter how free Antioch’s social
environment is relative to other schools,
many rail against the restrictions which
do exist — the sex standard, closing hails
at midnight, etc These remaining limi-
tations are regarded by many as an
itilringement or the individual’s right to
total autonomy. The Honor System is
violated with too trequent regularity by
too many. But the general ireedoro and
nonpunitive social system do frequently
produce remarkable growth in Antioch.
ians.

3) Though Community Government
does have more power than most student
governments, and does have really (it
sometimes reluctant) iaculaty participa—
tion, it is deiioitety student oriented and
is often confronted with rampant apathy
as anywhere. interest and participation
go up and down from quarter to quarter
and issue t0 issue.

4) Though Students do participate more
broadly and at a high level at govern—
ance than almost any other institution

Tanager: Pick
Four Members

Diana Brown, Betsy Power, Peg
Stice and Karyn Zimmerman were cho-
sen new members of Tanagers for 196%
67 following recent tryouts.

The women‘s octet will be completed
with returning members, Ginger Clark,
Sun Schaeier. Cris Swanson, and presi<
dent—elect Susan Rice.

in the country, students are in a minorti-
ty- on all major policy committees. There
are deﬁnite, it often obscure, limits on
their inﬂuence, Having dealt with stu-
dent participants for decades, Antioch
bureaucrats have developed an admilar
ble tacility for generally getting what
they want, even it delayed occasionally
by the obstructions oi the democratic
process. However, student participation,
it not always resulting in direct iniluence,
does torce a wider perspective on ad-
ministrative proposals, and gives stu<
dents an opportunity to work on pro-
grams as equals with older community
members.

5) Many on the iaculty are not too
happy about the First ltear Program
tor a variety or reasons ranging itorii
specitic complaints to a general c m-
mitment to more traditional to
methods. Having gone through a year
at an almost total commitment to free»
dom, “random access", “mixed media
presentations”, etc. The First Year Pr0<
gram now finds itself retrenching for
survival against critics and its own ale
cesscs. As with any new approach, the
second year is often the best.

The above is Antioch, but it isn't. It
doesn’t catch the bards, motorcycles,
the Wild dresses (“Antiochians no long-
er wear clothes, only costumes"), tho
arrogances, the demonstrations, the v12
tality, the crackle. it misses the ideate
ism, the hangups, the sickness, the creek
tivity, the drugs, the commitment.

Antioch is a mutant — an urban gratt
on a country town gaming all the strength
and weaknesses that this implies. it is a
place you love tor its novelty in your
ﬁrst year, learn to hate with a disillu-
sioned passion in your second, and grow
to love again With a more temperate
peispective in your third year. it is a
bittersweet college, paying tor exagge
rated virtues with giant size faults. But
in the end Antioch can't be explained,
it can only be felt,

Student Art Sale

A sale of student art work will he
held tomorrow 1mm 1 to 5 pm. and 1
to 9:30 p.m. in the South Lounge.

items tor sale will he iron-i both the
student exhibition and other class Worka
Kinds or art available inchtde porreiy,
jewelry, water colors, oil paintings,
prints, sculpture, and drawings. The art.
ists maintain that prices will be reason-
able.

 

SUPPLIES

For All Your

SMOKING

Hustle Down To The

* VARSITY, . ;

”7 Bread

 

raga Six

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

Status Nothing To Qua About

As New SGA Wind: Up Year

The year was not a spectacu-
lar one tor the scar Except tor
the week before the convention
this spring, student government
continued normal operations,
largely out of Sight and out of
mind for the campus at large,

The Encampment was held in
September, when to students
and 20 faculty and administra-
tion members “retreated" to a
church camp near Boone, They
spent two days discussing cam-
pus problems, with attention
centered on the North Campus
Problem.

Partimpaltts expressed cone
cern over the lack of maturity
and responsibility on North
Campus, and made several sug-
gestions to change the residence
hall system. Other suggestions

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

at; , ' mam

BILLY Kl

were (a) a pass-fail system
,(this was partially adopted
later), (h) a syllabus for each
murse. and (c) more convoca-
lions to increase faculty-student
tontact,

The North campus Problem
‘dominated the discussion at the
Encampment and participants
presented their reports to stu-
dents at a coilee hour in Octo-
ber. There was enthusiastic de-
bate over the problems of and
solutions for North Campus lor
nearly an hour among 100 stu-
‘dents at the meeting.

IlillllliilillliiiiIIliiilllliiilllliiiiilliiiiillliiiillliiiiillliiiilliiiiilliiulh

D. M. Project:
No Subsidy

Illliiilllliiiiillliiiilliiiilllliiiillliiiiilltiiiillliiiilllliiiilliiiiillliiilllliii

» Also in October the Senate re-
sed, by a vote oi 17-3, to an
ropriate any money for the
es Moines Project. The main
bbjection was that this would
mount to using student social
hnds to subsidize a political
brogram.

The North Campus Problem
.was again brought to the atten-
lion of students when SGA

President Jerry Goddard Vis-
ited houseniectings to circulate
a petition. Goddard obtained 830
signatures on the petition, which
objected to the way in which
students were being excluded
irom decisionrmaking on resi~
dence hall changes Goddard
presented the petition to Presi-
dent Leggett, who commented
that he had “every intention"
of consulting students betore he
made any changes.

iiilliiiiiIIiiiillliiiiilliiiiiIIiiiillliiiilllliiilllliliillliiiillliiillliiiiilliiiiil

Thurston Bids
CoiHP Farewell

lIIliilllllililliliilliiiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiiillliiiilliiiiilliiiilllli

In December the Senate re-
ceived the resignation of Paul

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Thurston, Coil-1P President, who
said that he was “not as em-
bittered or as pessimistic" as
his predecessors in their [are-
well speeches. Thurston, who
left to spend second semester
working and studying in Costa
Rica, offered his conclusions
about the North Campus Prob-
lem and the operation or the
CofHP, Nle Nonas took over as
Coil-1P President.

in January the SGA turned
introspective and, airer much
debate, reorganized itself.
Jerry Goddard proposed to re-
place the Senate with a joint
CofHP—AWS Council. Goddard
argued that the change would
increase eliiciency and put re-
sponsibility tor rule changes
within those groups that were

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"ﬁe

NG (center) here ieads discussion or the Des Moines Proiect at one of its ﬁrst
organixational meetings. King, a commmunity worker. was based in Des Moines this year
leading rent sirikes in the ”Bottom" area, a sium section of iowa's capital. The Des Moines
Project provided financial ruppori and acuve help throughout lhe year. and ran a fast to
raise money.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' Fridty. May I3. not

 

 

 

A HEADACHE FOR SOME. +he SGA convention this year
was the highlight of student government activities. George
Witigroi. Sieve Shender and Steve Kent went into conven<
iion.w1iigrat and Kent came our. ‘

most directly concerned with
enforcement.

But the Senate l'eiused to abol-
isll itself. After defeating God-
dard’s proposal it sent the mat-
ter to committee and finally
voted to (a) return to the old
Senate, with two members from
each hall, (b) reestablish the
post of Speaker, and (0) allow
only the Coil-ll> and aws Board
to propose rule changes.

iiiiiliiiiiiilliiiiilliiiiillliiiiilliiiilllililllliiiillliiiiillliiiilliiiiillliiilliii‘

SGA Convention
Arouses Interest

‘llliiiillliiiillliiiillliiiiiIIiiiiilliiiiillliiiillliiiiillliiiillliiillliiiulliiilli

in February the campus be-
came involved in student gov-
ernment politics during the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SOME GRINNEiLIANS demonstrated their commitment to the outside world by attend-
ing the November Peace March in Washingtoni Pictured is Dave Gibson.

week before convention. The
[our candidates (Sieve Kent,
Dan Bucks, Steve Shender and
George Wittgrat) visited halls
and discussed the issues of Silk
dent apathy and involvement.
All agreed that open dorms and
Women's hours should be ex-
tended, and that the North Cam-
pus Problem should be kept out
oi politics.

Tlii-ee candidates went to con-
vention, along with the Eye-
brow and Batman, (Dan Bucks
was iorced to withdraw tor per-
sonal reasons.) The convention
only lasted two ballots, as Steve
Kent polled 140 votes after re
ceiving only 15 on the iirst bal-
lot. George Wittgrai also ex»
ceeded the amount necessary to
nominate, and Shender with-
drew. throwing his support to
Kent.

Kent was elected by a Vote
of 565-234, or 71%. The tranSl-
tion in government was made
early in Mar-ch, when Jerry
Goddard made his farewell
speech. He defended his admin—
istration a g a i ns t anonymous
critics who charged that it had
been a “status-qua" govern-
meitt.

iiilliiiiiililiiilliiiiiilliiiiiiiliiiiiilliiiiiilliiiiilliiiilllti‘iiiliiiiiiiliiiiilli
Foole, Laulerhuch
CofHP, AWS

IiilIIiiiillIIiiilIIiiiiiilllliiilllliiiilllliiiiiiliiiiillliiiillliiiillllliiiilliiiii

In other elections, Bob Foole
defeated D on Kurasch for
Coil-1P President (Les Pail was
forced to Withdraw [or academ-
ic reasons), and Karen Lanter-
bach deieated Kathy Jagow for
the AWS Board presidency.

in April the new Kent admin-
istration attempted to interest
students in extra-curricular ac
duties by holding a coiiee hour
with eight other organic ons,
to explain opportunities {or in—
voivel‘nenli In the Senate, Dim
Bucks was nominated to be

 

giddy. May I3. I9“

ICARLET AND BLACK

Page Sun

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’ r

THE toners-r salt in several years was to pages long and devoted eight pages io a study
of poverty in Chicago, Des Moines and Grinnell. Pictured above is ex»edii‘or John wolf
and Jean Vendervoori interviewing a woman in the "Bottoms" disiiici‘ in Des Moines.

Speaker, the position he helped
to create.

7 The North Campus Problem
began to be debated again when
the faculty approved the recom~
mendations of its Executive
Council. They suggested that
freshman dorms be established,
that iipperclassmen rotate be
tween halls. and that the Senate
be replaced with a joint Coil-KP-
AWS Council.

Student reaction was not fa-
vorable. Two-thirds of those who
responded to an 5&8 poll said
there was no North Campus
Problem. Respondents w e r e
also 371 against freshman dorms,
upperclass rotation and paid en<

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

forcers, Those who ielt there
were problems cited a lack of
mature atmosphere on campus,
a lack of mobility and an excess
oi damages.

lllllltillllllllllllililllllltlllltlilllliltllllilllllliIIlllliilllllllillllililllllilli

Student Role
In Decisions

illllllllllllIIlllllilillltlttlllliltllllillllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllti

Students (or at least Student
government) were taken into
the deCision-making process by
the creation of the Ad Hoc Com-
mittee on l-lall Reorganization.
Steve Kent Visited halls to eXr
plain the committee and to ask

        

GRINNELL‘S EIGHTH PRESIDENT is Glenn Leggeii. who
rook oiiiee in September. Leggel‘t's style has been in em-
phasize increased student-administration communication.

tor student opinions, several or
which were received.

The committee met during
April and May and made its
recommendations to President
Leggett this morning.

The new Senate and Cabinet
established several committees
to study and make recommenda-
tions Concerning college trans-
portation, curriculum, counsel—
ing, admissions, open rooms,
car rule, radio station, the ju-
diciary system and Buildings
and Grounds. Between commit-
tee meetings, Dan Bucks made
his attack on the bureaucratic
perspective.

The year ended with the Sen-
ate correcting itseli on the hall
initiative fund, which was per-
fect at first. Then the campus
found out about it and put an
end to the nonsense. It was that
kind of a year.

Music Scene
Was Dominated
By Ouisiders

The musical scene this season
was dominated by a stunning
array oi imported musical arte
ists, The French pianist Jeanne-
Marie Darre presented an all-
Chopin recital. Janos Starker,
internationally renowned cele
list, pei‘iormed an elegant pro-
gram which included one oi the
Bach suites for unaccompanied
cello, and the Kodaly Sonata
for cello,

The University or Chicago
Contemporary Chamber Players
and the San Francisco Tape
Music Center each showed us
diiierent trends in contempo-
rary composition, the latter
dealing wnh electronic music
and accompanying visual pro-
iections.

lstvan Nodes was joined by
the Grinnell College Orchestra
in an amazmg periormance or
the Beethoven Third Piano

Theatre Year Enhanced

By Student Productions

Student directed workshop
productions dominated the Grin-
nell. theatrical season this year
as in the past, Workshops [or
freshman actors began the sea-
son with excerpts from “LUV,”
“0h Dad, Poor Dad etc,"
“Mary, Mary," and “Who’s
Afraid oi Virginia Woolf?” Rob-
in Konikow produced ”Twink,"
an experiment in technical
iorm. Frederick Durrenmatt's
“The PhysiCistS” was produced
and directed by Dennis Rich,
T a n y a Hovauessian directed
“See How They Run," a British
farce. “Whisper into My Good
Ear,” by William Hanley was
directed by Howard Harned.

Fewer workshops were pro-
duced in the second semester,
but they were of a wider vari-
ety. Deb Burnstine directed
“The Fantastics,“ a contem«
pol‘ary hit musical. 'The Dream
Play,” an expressionistic drama
by August Strindberg was pro-
duced and directed by Howard
Horned. Tradition was broken
when Henrerork Steiner, an
English professor, d i r e c t e d

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“The Glass Menagerie," by Ten-
nessee Williams.

The workshop season is not
yet over, “Slow Dance on The
Killing Ground,” by William
Hanley will be produced in the
Arena Theatre tonight and to
inorrow night at 8 pm. Unfor-
tunately. Dennis Rich's produc-
tion was pertormed too late to
be reviewed in this issue, but it
promises to be an experimental
and entertaining show.

protessor Richard M e y e r
(speech and theatre) directed
the ﬁrst major production or
the year, “The Knack," by Ann
Jellicoe, This contemporary
British comedy was performed
for homecoming. Later in Octo-
ber, Meyer cooperated with
Raymond Betts (history) to pro-
(luce Betts’ script, “The Bour-
geoisie." A revised and en-
larged version oi this “drama-
tization" will be produced dur<
ing commencement.

Richard M e y e r (speech
and theatre) directed the
iirst m a j o r production of

lean Anouill‘i's “Antigone.” In
late April, Donahue directed the
last major production or the
year, “Under Milkwood," by
Dylan Thomas.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ANTIGONE was one oi Grinnell's msior dramatic produc-
tions this year. It was directed by Ned Donahoe [speech
and theatre]. who is seen smiling at his east over the top

of the make-up table.

Concerto, and the Minneapolis
Symphony Orchestra “Look
over” Roberts Theatre With a
pair at pErlormances which in-
cluded works by Bartok, Der
biissy, Hindemith, Dvorak, and
Brahms.

In the realm of folk, folk-rock,
and jazz were Carolyn Hester.
Betty Carter, and The Three
Souls.

No less spectacular has been
our own Lenox Quartet. Espe

cially notable was Paul i-lei‘sli‘s
remarkable lecture on perioriw
mice of Beethoven’s Diabelli
Variations.

Student performances also
constituted a large percentage
of musical ac ' rity. including
concerts by individuals, the Col-
legiiim Musicum Conducted by
David Sutherland, and the Col-
lege Orchestra and Choir, both
under the direction of Denis M.
de.Coienu.

 

rig. Eight

SCARLET AND ILACt.

Friday, Mny t3. ms

 

t Commencement Speaker

(Continued troin Page 1)
was a university teacher beiore turn-
ing college president. He holds earned
degrees from the University of Missis—
sippi, University or Oxford (England).
where he was a Rhodes Scholar, and
the Univeisity or Chicago, and has also

received several honorary degrees.
Before becoming president of Pomona.

DR. E. WILSON LYON

Lyon taught at Louisiana Polytechnic
Institute and Colgate University. A morn»
her or numerous national and regional
educational associations, he has author-
ed books, articles, and essays on his-
torical subjects.

The commencement activities will
again be dovetailed with the Alumni
Reunion Weekend program in a five-

day series of events beginning Wednes-
day evening, May 25. and continuing
through Sunday noon, May 29.

Preecommencement activities for sen-
iors and their parents. in addition to a
Wednesday night class dinner party and
the Thursday baccalaureate, will include
a coitee hour, a concert by the Grinnell
College Choir, and a reception hosted
by President and Mrs, Leggett. all on
Thursday; and a Friday morning tae
ultyssenior-pal‘ent coffee hour.

The annual Phi Beta Kappa lecture
and tea Will follow the commencement
exercises Friday afternoon.

Alumni Reunion activities will get un<
derivay Friday evening with a College
Theatre production oi ”The Bourgeo-
sie," by Raymond Betts (history). fol-
lowed by a Forum open house and l’e~
ccption for members of the play Cast.

The Saturday schedule will include a
tactrlty-alumni coiree hour, the alumni
convocation, parade. and luncheon, a se<
nes of three alumni college classes, and
evening reunion dinners and parties.

'Closing the weekend schedule Sunday
morning will be alumni-community Col—
lege church services.

Also slated as part 01 the Alumni Re<
union activities are meetings of the col<
iege's Advisory Council and the Alumni
Association Board of Directors. and two
carillon recitals by College Organist EL
hen Smith (French and music).

Math Award to Bridgham

Mary Beth Bridgham has been award-
ed the 1966 Linn Smith prize tor excel<
Ience in mathematics at Grinnell CoI<
lege.

SDX Dinner Addressed by Bill Vaughan;
Renaud. Turek, Wolf, Hodierne Honored

The Grinnell chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi and Theta Sigma Phi. men's and
women’s journalism societies, met this
Monday evening tor a dinner and ad
dress by Bill Vaughan, syndicated col-
umnist and associate editor DI the Kan-
sas City Star.

Before Vaughan gave his speech, a-
wards were given to Bob Hodierne oi the
SBtB, John Wolf, Mrs, Jane W. Renaud
of the Public Relations Office, and
John Tiirek of the Newton Daily News.
the S&B’s printer. All of these awards
were given by the Grinnell iournalism
soueties for distinguished service to
journalism.

In a speech titled “The Better the
Newspaperman the Worse the Speech,"
Vaughan gave the audience an idea or
what the modern columnist has to strug-
gle with. Vaughan has two columns which
are syndicated in over 150 newspapers
around the world, has written two books.
Bird Thou Never Wert and Sorry i Stir-
red It, and witnessed the last official
hanging in the state or Missouri, an ac<
tivity which he touched on in his speech.

Vaughan said that the most common
questions which were asked him by
audiences and individuals were “Is that
all you do?" and ‘What was it that you

PHOTO C R EDITS

Page :nodierue

page 6 , w elm, on. Wilhelm.
. vs
. rtuinps

Page . , mull-ins; il., \Voit, i,r.,
iheim

Page a: Hodierne

Page iz- Hodierne

wrote a couple oi months ago that was
so good?"

He went on to say that he started in
journalism as a paragraph writer. an
art that was dying out like that or the
iceman or the blacksmith. “In that job,”
he said, “the only advantage was that
you didn’t live in the constant fear OI
promotion.”

Vaughan went on to make some ‘tan-
dom comments on newspapermen and
journalists.” He touched on the topic
of technical obsolesceitse, that is, the
computerized, ticker - tape newspaper
offices of today in contrast to the old
ways. He also talked about the need for
some manner or “compulsory journal-
ism” in schools. The reason for this was
What he Called the “inability of educated
people to read and to be able to “criti-
cize intelligently.”

Vaughan asked the audience the ques-
tion, “What sells newspapers anyway?"
He called it a building process in which
both the readers and the newspaper de-
veloped a mutual trust of each other on
the basis or integrity and quality. He
said that the newspaperman must work
on the assumption “that the reader is
not always right,"

At the end of his address, Vaughan
mentioned the challenges facing today's
journalists. "The biggest and most im-
portant one." he said, “is having the
ability to originate and transmit the
most exciting ideas to the public in an
age of computerized journalism."

After his speech, Vaughan was made
an honorary member of the Grinnell
chapter of Sigma Beta Chi.

 

DISCOUNT CENTER

SIIIJDEN BEAUTY

AEROSOL IIEOIIORANT

$1.00 Viki. 62‘

YO-5 HAIR SPRAY

Regular at Hard to Hold
$2.35 Value $141

PERSONA

DOUBLE EDGE 5‘5

79¢ Value 49‘

Excedrin
IOO‘s
$1.49 VnIile

99‘

-571...

IERGEN’S LOTION

59: Value 33:
WHITE SHIRTS

SHORT SLEEVE
$2.29 Value 5'61

MIGHTY WHITE
TOOTHPASTE

75¢ Value 41‘
Roilaid’s

37: Value

SIIAVE

75's SETTING GEI.
$1.25 Value

or

WHERE YOU NEVER

PAY RETAHL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT

PRICES SAVE YOU MORE

816 5th Ave.
lirinnell, Inna

BRYLOREAH
HAIR DRESSING

69‘

SON OF
AFTER SHAVE LOTION

$1.00 Value 59‘

MENNEN SOFT STROKE

sioo Vain. 51'

King Site
SI .09 Value

MOUTHWASH
69¢ Value

31'

STORE
nouns: ’ °

STERISOL

9 I.lll. to 9 pin. Friday
.in. to I p.ni. Mon.. Tues.-

Wed.. Thurs. Sat.

OREST

FAMILY TOOTHPASTE

95¢ Value 69‘

OOTTON SHIRTS

SHORT SLEEVE

$129 Value 91‘

JUST WONDERFUL
HAIR SPRAY

sun Val“. 13‘
BREOII

MIST SET
$2.35 Yahoo

5151}

 

Friday. May l3. I955

SCA‘RL‘ET 'AND ‘BLAGK

Page .Nine

 

grenades oddities sighed!

tin-dis territories

us. Senator Jack Miller (Reloivat
spoke in the South Lounge last Tues
day. discussing inflation, increased
spending, agriculture and the war in‘
Viet Nam as major national political
issues at the present time.

Looking toward the fail elections, he
diiterentiated between the Democrat and
Republican attitudes, particularly in re

SENATOR JACK MILLER

spect to deficit spending Miller. who
has been in the Senate since 1960. who
is a member of several Senate commit-
tees. and who has recently returned
train a trip in the Far East, was on
campus under the joint sponsorship oi
the Young Republicans and the Program‘
in Practical Political Education

WE’RE SEEKING
TALENT!

Talent that can be added to
our Summer Sales Force.

Lifetime of Iowa is interviewing
college students for their Sum-
mer Sales Program.

$500 - $750 - 51.000 - $1,500
Cash Scholarships. You can be
a winner.
This is an outstanding sppsrtuniiyl
We offer excellent training and tield
lupervixion. You must harm a car
And be bonddbls.
FOR AN mimwsw CONTACT
Vault JOB PLACEMENT OFFICE

s riders;
ﬁreside Enemy’

“llillation is the number one domestic
public enemy in the United States,”
said Miller. “This statement appeared
in my 1960 campaign brochure and it
is still true today.”

citing the rigors of $10 billion inilation
per year in the last ten years, he lika
sited it to a sales tax which is "getting
.Wcrse."

The Senator identified the Democratic
party line as “not to talk about the
present inilation, but about the ‘danger
of inﬂation} ” However, he continued, it
is not the case of the danger of infla-
tion, but rather the case of worse in-
ilation," Explaining the Republican
stand, Miller declared, “We think it is
the most nniair way to take purchasing
power away from people.”

Explaining this inﬂationary trend, Mile
ler said, “wage increases and price in-
creases are merely the symptoms of in-
ﬂation. Put the responSibility where it
belongs It is the multi-billion-dollar de<
ﬁclt Spending by the Democratically
controlled Congress which lowers the
purchasing power of the dollar."

Continuing his attack on expansive
spending, Miller cited the War on Pov-
erty. Job Corps, and old age care plans
as areas in which icderal programs
used money with extravagance and
.Waste.”

The Senator drew a laugh from the
crowd when, in reierencc to congress
ional spending, he stated that he had
discovered why the Senate was called
the Upper House—“because it’s the one
that ups the appropriations.”

0n the subject of agriculture, the Iowa
congressman asserted that there was
“a lot of misinformation and contus-
ion" on the subject. “The price squeeze
on farmers has been getting worse.”

Miller said that While there have been
price increases on the agriculture com-
modity, they are not keeping pace With
other sectors of the economy. He advos
cated trying for lot) per cent parity in
the agricultural market, which in the
last five years has generally been 7cm.

Miller's tinal speech topic was the
war in Viet Nam—“something which
every man, woman, and child in the
United States is concerned about." He
squarely blamed “something defective
about the foreign policy of the Demo-
cratic party" ior involving the United
Slates in war, referring not only to Viet
Nam but also eluding to Korea and ww
n. l-le related lhe present action to last
year‘s decision in tavor or a quick build-
up instead or a gradual buildup.

This has brought logistic problems
due to limited (locking and distributing
iaciiities, but “the military is doing a
magniﬁcent job of picking up the pieces
irom last year’s necessary decision."
Miller does not support the three-[old in<
crease in bombing since the January
lllll, but would rather see more ettec<

 

penned]!

ALWAVs FIRST OUAu‘rV

M Penney's

Men’s Low canvas
Oxfords

White. 6V2 42. Called JCP._

2.99 3

ll: Weekend

Women’s canvas
. Oxfords

Soverol colon. srlo. :

, v2.98

JUST SIGN UP NOW FOR YOUNG MODE”! CHARGE ACCOUNT

Sit-tolerate Send boot-is in Salon Salient

Grinnen students anti student organi-
zations contributed $81.26 last October
to send books to Selma Free College in
Selma, Alabama.

Over 800 books. mostly elementary
textbooks and teaching manuals, were
shipped to Selma, where they will be
used by teachers and local students. The
balance of the money collected was sent
as a cash contribution to the college,

Selma Free College, established by
volunteers, has recently branched into
the Selma Free College and the Selma
Free Library. Selma Free College is now
operating under the manor' * ol lo«
Cal personnel.

REACH Encls

This shift represents the attainment
or one oi the original oi-ganitaiion's pri-
mary goals. The organization is now
concentrating on shitting the manage.
ment of the library to local persons alsor

The library is slowly growing, still
supported primarily by contributions
ii-om outside Selma. it is hoped that
eventually the burden oi support tor the
library can be assumed by the Selma
community.

More information concerning S elmd
Free College and Selma Free Library
can be obtained by writing in cars oi
BOX 638, Selma, Albama.

First Year

Oi High School Tutoring

REACH, a community action program
designed to bring about closer contact
between the various groups in the town
of Grinnell, and especially reach a
greater understanding and a better
Working relationship between the town
and the college, has just completed its
first year of high school tutoring.

The tutoring program, existing mosily
this second semester, consisted of 18
volunteers who worked with high school
Students having difficulty in such sub-
jects as biology, English, French, and
math. The tutor usually met with the
student once or twice a Week at a time
convenient to both, such as during the
student's study hall or at night in the
college library.

The tutoring program is one phase or
REACH, which was initiated in the [all
by Jeanne Cook and some iaculty ad-
visors. Miss Cook had just returned
from a summer in Chicago working for
a REACH program there, and she saw
the need tor such a program in Grin-
nell, perhaps headed by a hill-time
recreation director.

Much of REACH is concerned with
the political structure in the town.
Hopefully, much more than the tutoring
program can be initiated and continued
nextyear.

In a REACH progress report, Miss
Cook said, “We have found that the
_____—_.._._
tive bombing, with particular targets on
North Viet Nam’s petroleum supplies.

Miller concluded his remarks by call-
ing the Republicans the party of re
sponsible progress as diiiereniiated irom
the Democratic beliei oi “progress,
sure, but with the other tella’s moneyi"

political situation in town is one of con-
servallsm, of caution . . . It seems to
be a case of the conservatism of war-
ring factions who tight to keep sovereign-
ty While the high school loses out. In-
dividual shorts are spent on organizer
lions which overlap, biit don’t cooperate.

”The same people careiully question
no and demand structure and they have

a right to do so. To them we might be
just another lighting [action to add to
the tray, though we may want to be
more constructive. . ."

The problem oi ﬁnding a place where
college and high school students can
meet, talk, and begin social programs
still remains. This year’s activny, how-
ever, has been limited to the tutoring
pro *

Oh! Yummiel

HANSEN’
IANISH MAID _

 

choose
from our
ﬁne selection

of the

IEEPER
MUSIC

" II Grinnell

 

Page Ten

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, May Is, not

 

Exchange Column

New York Times University Survey
Probes Attitudes Toward Regulations

A favorite otf-cal'npus coffee
lhop It Cornell University is
called “The Unmuzzled OK," it
takes the name from the Bible
verse; "Thou shalt not muzzle
the bit when he treadcth out
the corn."

The verse, according to the
New York Times, reflects as
nccurately as possible a trend
Imong university authorities to
let students run their an lives
-—especially sex lives. The pa-
per took a survey on student
regulations at Columbia, Cora
nell, Fordham, New York Uni-
versity, Princeton, and Yale.

The survey found that uni-
versity officials. while reluctant
to legislate “in loco pal‘entis”
have been self-admittedly slow
to adjust regulations to govern
ltudent behavinrt However,
there has been a change es-
pecially in the visiting hours tor
women in men's halls. Most ot
the universities polled allow
women to Visit men’s halls at
least until midnight on Satur—
days. Columbia, which banned
women visitors tor the first 208
years at its existence. now per-
mits open room until midnight
on Fridays and until ! a.m. Sum
lay mornings.

Not one university official in-
tervizwed expressed dissatisiac-
tion with the results of the lib
cruised ruin-although several
laid they had expected serious
trouble, But the number at rule
iniractions has remained con-
stant and low.

The university officials ap-
peared less worried about stu-
dent sexual behavior than about
th- use of narcotics and drugs,
but none said that it was a
serious problem.

Increasingly the attitude is
that of discretion, rather than
rigid morality, governing SBX<
ual behavior. Said the Yale
dean of undergraduate affairs,
“Don’t think we are trying to
protect the honor of young men
Ind women. It's ridiculous to
think you can." The assistant
dean for residence halls at Cora
hell, where junior and senior
Women have virtually no curfew,
said, “We don't ask what they

do and don’t want to know."

The availability of oft-camp-
us housing is considered more
important than rules in deter-
mining the undergraduates’ siti-
tLtde towards sex, At N.Y.U..
Columbia, Fordham, and Conlell
many students live oft-camp-
us where officials do not en-
iorce visiting hours. Last year
in a poll taken of a quarter
of Columbia's students who
lived olfacampus tour out of ﬁve
said the main reason was dissat<
istactlon with women’s hours in
the dormitories.

Golf. Tennis
Ending'Year

The Pioneer gait and tennis
teams are busily preparing tor
the conference meet whlch will
be a week tron-l tomorrow. The
tennis meet will be here and
the golf meet will be played in
Waterloo.

Saturday the llnksmen lost to
n tough St. Olaf learn. Ted Ris-
ser. the Pioneers' top goller.
had one or his rare oft days
shooting a 79 to lose his match
$1). Bill Lee was the medalist
for the Pioneers It number
two with I 71 and won Ill!
match 2-1 over his opponent who
had a 71

Russ chckendorf shot a 7!
to lose 2-1, but Bob McCord
came back at number four to
win 2-1 with a 73. The other
two Pioneers, Al Wheeler and
Jeff Kohlman, shot 82': And be-
iween them picked up three

points.
The netmen had a successful

weekend with a pair 014—6 wins
over Ripnn and Lawrence.
Leading the Pioneers were the
number tour and five men Pete
Kollman and Stew Mansfield
who each picked up two victories
in the singles divisionr Kollmun
also teamed with Jim Greene-
baum in the Ripon match to
take the Second doubles match.
Other wins (or the Pioneers
were scored by Li] Hicks and
Mike Greenfield. Greenebaum
won in the Lawrence match.

'slllimiir Earnings rrullah'

FOR COLLEGE MEN

offers

0 Above Average Earnings
I is 5mm] Cash Scholarships
0 3 All Expense Paid Trips Abroad

FOR FURTHER DETAILS WRITE TODAY:

Placement Director

Summer Earnings Program

P. F. Collier, Inc.

640 Fifth Ave., New York. N. Y. 10019

Please Mention Both Your Summer and School Addresses

Grinnell Girls Find Sensitive Work
In Class for Mentally Retarded

by Anne Farrer

On Sunday mornings six Grin-
nell coeds meet at the Cnm<
munity Center as it becomes a
child's world oI crayons, paste
pots, bright pictures and Bible
stories with small words and
big printt Fingers tumble to
get at pennies in knotted handa

kerchiets and young voices
sing lustily and oil-key as their
possessors encounter with wide-
,eyed innocence the ways of
God, man and their Sunday
school teachers. But the usual
sunny implications are lacking.
[or in this class the children
are fifteen and sixteen years
old.

Dealing with this chlld’s world
of the mentally retarded new
essitates a great deal of sensi-
tivity on the part of the volun-
teers irnrn the Congregational
Church and the college (Kaye
Handrurd, Helen Brown, Nancy
Steinson, Evelyn Sugawa, Susie
Schaeter, and Cindy Peterson).
This sensitivity is not the sort
that is cultivated to meet spe-
cific situations but naturally
grow. trom interaction with
then affectionate young girls

who are so taken with bright
colors and hair bows,

However, manipulation or
this sympathy is a delicate mat-
ter. Sometimes needs are met
successiuily. sometimes not so
successiully. The typical make
and do aspecl or a Sunday
school class assumes new signi-
ficance during a Valentine cre-
ating Session, “which friends
are you going to give your Val-
entine to, Debby?" inquires the
volunteer. “i don’t have any
friends,” she replies. And they
see her loneliness, try to un-
derstand and help, then return
to the red paper and scissored
designs

Although the girls can read.
presentation of Bible stories
may be ditticult, especially
when the King James version,
uniortunately, is utilized.

Discussion of Christlan mis-
rionary activity may be coma
plicated, for as the children
have a ready understanding or
crocodiles and jungle adven-
tures, they lack the ability to
comprehend the necessity or
missionaries in these exciting
dark green places.

in protusional vocabulary,
these girls are "trainiblc." Do-

spite the cold overtones at the
term, the girls give positive
evidence of this process in
their consideration for their
teachers and their hungry de—
sire to earn love and aifectitm
from them. And their situation
seems less sad when they are
singing with gusto and gestures
one or their rsvorite songs:

"This Little Light or Mine."—
This little light or mine
I'm going to make it shine
I’m going to make it shine
All the time. all the time
Don’t you go and pttt it out
I'm going to let it shine
Don't you go and pin it out
I'm going to let it shine
Let it shine, all the time, let

it shine . , .

Freshmen Batman
Win Two in a Row

The Pioneer preps won their
second game in as many starts
last Saturday in A contest a
gains! Cornell at Mt. Vernon by
the score at 54f. Sam Semi won
his second game as he pitched 5
innings. Dick Schneider hd 3
hits for thn Grin-en hosll

 

iillllilllllllll|llllll||Illlll!lIlllillIIlllitlllMllliwllihllﬂmllllilillwﬂlmlﬂllhllllllllllllmllllllh'lllllli'lillllllllllIll|.lllﬂllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllll'

PROVIDE

your money with

a good home!

GRINNELL FEDERAL

Savings and Loan Association

When you've . little is span, open .ii account at Grinnell Federal. You'll like

doing business in the modern, new building.

0 Your money corn: at th- plunncd rate of 4 i/B°/o per year.

0 Your money is readily available if needed,

0 Your money is insured sofa . . . each account is insured up to “0.000

by F.S.L.I.c.

Special not. to organisation iiuaiuiem it you have . rurplu: in your treasury

[hownvar imilll, open on account and let your‘ money work instead oi re.

maining idle.

Grinnell Federal fa... Savings 23.5222.

[025 Main Street 0 Grinnell, Iowa - Phone Sis 236-312!

ﬁilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllilllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|lllllll|lllllll||llllllllllllll||llllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllli|lllllilKtlllllllllllllllllllulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

 

hiley. Hey I}. I?“

ICARLET AND ILACK

no. a"...

 

"Second Annual' IM Banquet Held Tracksters Seek To Defend Title

23 Years After the First One!

Associate Dean Richard Win-
, ters and Dean of Men 5 Eu-
gene Thompson were special
guests Wednesday evening at
the Second Annual Grinnell
College Student intramural Ath—
letic Awards Banquet, where
the keynote was participation.
Six speakers participated in the
‘_ presentation program itself, be-
stowing more than a donm in-
dividual and team trophies on
the 17 attending hau represen-
r natives.

Master of Ceremonies ‘Panth-
er’ Anderson explained that this
tradition—now elated to be I
yearly campus “lair—was be-
gun with the First Annual LM.
Awards Banquet. held in 1941
Presumably the theme was
'particlpation' in those days.
too; the people in charge just
didn't do a very good job of get-
ting it across. Twenty-three
years later, Jeri Langharn
praised the high level of l.M.
participation now existing.

Lnnghain then pointed out
that if East Norris — eighth-
place linlsher in I.M. tennis
this season—had sent represen—
tatives to all of their scheduled
matches. they would have col-
lected enough forfeits to place
fourth. Langham also men-
tioned that of Clark Hall's 24

nor

victories in the LM gnlf
matches. 20 of them were by
forfeit. The last seven place-
winners in the gulf standings
were arranged according to
which team had the fewest for-
feits, Langham noted before
closing; three halls having rur-
feited all 30 matches. Coach
Edd Bowers than praised the
high level of LM. participation
now existing.

Bowers also presented the
MacMurmy and Truesdale tro-
phies to Smith Hall, overall
paint leader for 196586. This
was Smith's third straight year
oi ell—sport supremacy, thus en<
nhling them to retire the present
MncMur-ray trophy. A recap of
the past year by Jim Randall.
I preview of the 196567 season
by Dan Marklnhnn. and a short,
change-oi—pace talk by Athletic
Director John Pﬁtsch on the
philosophy of intramural sports
rounded out the program.

The absence from the dinner
of President G l e n it Leg-
gett served coincidentally in il-
lustrate the paint Langham and
the other speakers had tried to
make: by not attending, Leg—
gett missed a chance to gain a
forfeit on Dean of Women Jean
Slocum. She was not the re
either.

At Conference Meet Here Friday

The Pioneer trackmen cort-
tinue to prepare tor the can»
ferenu meet. to be held at
Grinnell's Ward Field on May
N and 21. They head for Elm-
hurst, Illinois this weekend for
the Elmhurst Relays after hav-
ing made it good showing at
the Beloit Relays last Satur-
day.

The same men with support
1mm Wilt Nell, who is recov-
ering horn I pulled muscle,
John Kelsey, Rlc MacDowell,
Tom Russell, and Spencer
Clerk will defend Grimell’s
outdoor wnference crown. Com-
petition loolu to be strongest
from Carleton, St. Olaf and Cor-
nell, And several records could
fall if the weather is good.

All students and faculty are
encouraged to come out and
watch what is sure to be an
exciting contest. Friday's e»
vents will be the ﬁnals of the
discus. javelin, and long jump
and running events preliminary
in starting at 3 pm. Finals in
the remaining held events are
scheduled for Saturday with the
pole vault beginning at noon
and running events starting at
1:30.

Schools participating in this
weekend's meet will include

o

ANNOUNCEMENT

CHAPMAN COLLEGE, loo-ted in Grunge, California, one of
the oldest colleges in the West, is accepting applications for admis-
lioﬂ (or two 107vday semesters for the fall of 1966 and the spring
of 1967 aboard Holland-America Line’s s.s Rylldll‘ll. This is the
second year of operation of Chapman College’s ﬂoating campus.

Outstanding college and university students are inviwd to spend those semes-
ters at sea, enrolled for 12-15 units or credit, applicable toward the Bachelor
of Arts, Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Music degrees, at 9-12 unit:
toward the Master of Arts degree.

Onboard, students will experience 1 situation of intense academic concen-
tration, supplemented by personal meetings ashore with men who are the
Wurld’s leaders, monuments which are the world‘s heritage, and people whose
apparent diﬁerenoes cited prove to hide human similarities.

College classes will be held during 56 class days at sea in modern, air-
conditioned classrooms and laboratories equipped with all facilities necessary
for course work altered.

lT]NERARlES:FnIl19€6 Semester
leaves New York October 20, duration
X07 days; to Lisbon, Barcelona, Msrseille.
Civitavecchia (Rom). Piraeus (Athens).
Istanbul, Alexandria (Cairo), rm Said,“
she; Bombay. Colombo, Port Swellen.
ham (Kuala Lumpur), Bangkok, Hon.
at... (Tokyo), Hawaii.
arriving in- Annele. February I. 1967.

Ken, Kohe,Yoko

spring m1 Semester leam Les Angela
February 7, dumllon 107 days; in Ll
Gnaira (Caracas), port of span. mint.
dndt, selvador, Montevideo. Buenm
Aires, Rio De Janelle, Laser, Dakar,
stnblzncn, Cadiz, Lisbon, Rotterdam
(inland In France, Bekium and themat—
erlands), Copenhagen, London. Dublin
(overland to),Galway,u-riving MYuk

our Mo, 25. 1967.

mmssron: m Admitted to the mm must meet regular sounded M
cation: or Chapman College and upon fulfilling its rsqniremts will receive pad-e nod
eteditx in nrcntdanoe with its rent-sly emulates-i stwdwds.

For a catalog listing meet tor both the Fall had Spring est—«en tips. in to...
union And m-ponptosn- aunts. lsl '— ttn automation ham Ind mil n wt

meow or misiuns
Chap-nu Corker, Seven Seal n'v‘nin-
non-u, Carrot-en 926“

Have
that)

C“!
Telephonc ___Ahe
The Rylldnln is under mmerlnnds regixlty.

l
[Address
I
l
l
l
L

thﬂy

31——

___....__._._...__d

 

Lake Forest, Concordia. Mac-
Murray, St. Ambrose, Augus-
tana, Hillsdale, and others. Ex-
cept for the mile relay. all e
Vents will consist of individual
eifnr‘ts — such as the field
events. dashes, hurdles, and
long-distance runs. Grinneli's
strongest entries are Tom Wood
in the javelin, Jon Buswell in
the long jump, and Jen Lang~
ham in the long distances, with

1. Talking to yourself?

Reliearsing a speech.
in running for
President of the
Student Council.

s What's your plsdnrm?
Do I need one?

3, Already been used,

”Tippecanoe sod
Tyler too"?

hopes nf goud performances
from Steve Brininall in the
middle distance events; Boh
Watt and Dick Lamb, sprints;
Doug Dray, long distances; and
Mike Schwartz, hurdles.

The modest crowd at last
Saturday’s meet in neloit saw
the Pioneers battle teams from
twenty schools in making strong
bids in both the ﬁeld events
Ind the relays.

2 Angela'srdea?

She says it will help
me t'levelo a tents.
in respond illty.

4. You list e to give people .
rertnon for toting for you.

How about “A chicken
in every pot”?

. hook, it )ou want to show
Angela y nn're responsible.
why not sign up for Living
Insurance lroin Equitable.
lt's one or the most
responsible things you inn
doehecanse Living insurance
Will gate your wife and kids
solid protection.

“I would raliil‘i‘ be
right thltn President}

For Information about Living insurance, see The \lan from Ft uitahin

For mm; opportunities st E gamble»:

dee)aur Placement 0l cor. or

wlite: Patrick Sonlhrd, Manpower Development Division.

The [QUIMBIE Life Assurance Society of the United States

Item 0M9; ins; Ave. of the smnm. Net» York, \' t: more citghttahlc lush
An Equal Opportunity L‘tltpfuyer

 

Fug. Twelv-

Pioneers Finish Year

W iih Title, Shut-out

This past; season has been a
year of ups and downs for the
Pioneer teams ~ ranging from
a conference champion-
ship wrestling team to a last.
place basketball squad. Plo-
neer athletes have also been
able to pick up several records
along the way including a new
tnile record by the David Theo-
philus trophy winner Jeri Lang-
ham and a new career scoring
record by Jeff Fl'antz,

Dick Lamb, Tom Lannon, and
John Lawson were named to
the all‘conference fo 0 t b a 11
team.

The crosscountry team also
finished second. Coach Young
at the beginning was not opti-
misttc bttt the harriers bent
Drake in their first dual 2234
and were on their way.

When wtnter came around.
Terry Moore started the wrest<
ling season by predicting it
would be a building year. He
built fast, though. To lettermen
Ken Strubler, Bill Barnes, Gary
Wilson, and Bob Geller he add-
ed sophomores John Sharpe.
Mike Martinson, Lou Kelley,
Rey Mendel, and Joel Richman
to make a successful dual-meet
team.

At the conference meet
Barnes started by winning at
123 and Strubler followed with
a first at 130. John Sharpe won
at 145 and Wilson finished with
a 160 triumph. Martinson took
third and Kelley second to help
the Pioneers to their first wres-
Ming championship

Unfortunately, the basketball
team fared not so Well, With
the high scorers of last year,
Jelf Frantz, Elliott Hibbs, and
Tom Hill, plus some high scor-

ing sophomores, the prospects
looked good. But. poor shooting,
defense, and rebounding
through the year brought a 1-17
conference record.

On January 29, Frantz poured
in 25 points to set the new
career scoring record. He fi-
iially enrled the season witli
1,312 points.

The swimmers also fell. With
a miniature squad, they were
able to heroically pull out a
couple of dual meet wins but
were pushed down to seventh
in the conference meet. The
highlight was Ken Adellualt's
record breaking perlormance
in the Mayan] butterfly at the
meet.

Alter four years of being con-
ference Champion, the indoor
track team slipped to fourth
in the conference meet at Clu-
cago.

The outdoor team also was
lacking in manpower. One out-
standing performer has been
Jeri Langharri who has twice set
la new Pioneer mile record,
bringing it down to 4:171

The baseball team has had
its moments but on the whole
has not been performing well.

The golf team has come
along well and has won sev~
eral meets, Leading scorers
for the team have been upper-
classmen Ted Risser, Dave
Shelienbarger, and Al Wheeler
with sophomores Bill Lee and
Russ Heuckendorli Shellenbar—
ger has also set the varsity rec-
ord with a 69,

The tennis team has been led
to several wins by Mike Green-
rield. Lij Hicks, Dick Lovell,
Jim Greenebaum, and Pete
Kollmani

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. May l3. ms

Batman Win Over Knox

The Grinnell College baseball
team took a double-header
from Knox last Saturday and
dropped a single game to Mon-
mouth on Friday in action
which took place on the Pion-
eer ball yard. These contests
gave the Grinnell diamondmcn

been tentatively rescheduled for
tomorrow.

In the game against Mon-
mouth. Grinnell got off to a
good start by scoring a run in
the tirst inning on a walk to
Nick Nonas and singles by Bob
Geller and Gary Wils o n. The

Boat). an error, and an infield
out. In this 31 win Gatton was
three for three at the plate and
Tilly and Wilson each were twoé
for three,

In the second game Knox
again got a run in the first
inning, but the Pioneers air,

LEFTY BOB GELLER had Mike Stoller on third base in the sixth inning of Saturday‘r
first game against Knox. Two runs had already scored but Geller grounded out and

Sioller didn't score.

a 5-8 season record and snapped
a seven-game losing streak to
bring their Midwest Conference
record to 3-8. The Pioneers
have one remaining game
which was to have been played
against Coe in Cedar Rapids on

Wednesday, but which was
washed out by the middle - 0f-
the week downpour and has

 

Who Is your ideal date? Thousands use Central Control and its high-speed
computer for a live, tlesh~and~blood answer to this question.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Your ideal data - such I person exists, of course.
BuI how Io get acqualnled? Our Central Control ccmpultr

processes 10,000 names an hour.

How long wuuld it take

you to meet and tom an opinion of that many people?

You will lie matched with live ideally suited persons
ol ll’ll opposite sex, tight in your own locale (or in any
area of the U.S. you specify). Simply, send $3.00 In Central
Control lot your questionnaire. Each at the live will bl
as petiecily malched with you in interests, outlook and
background as computer science makes possible.

Central Control is nationwide, but its programs are
completely localized. Hundreds at thousands at vigorous

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

highly acceptable.

and alert subscribers, all sharing the desire to meet their
ideal dates, have found campuler dating to be exciting and

All live at your Ideal dates will lie delighlluli So
hurry and send your $3.00 lot your questionnaire.

CENTRAL CONTROL, Inc.

21 Park Avenul 0 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

 

Pioneers held the lead until the
third when Lhe Scots scored two
runs and then went on for a
scoring streak.

The Pioneers managed two
runs in the fourth on back-to-
back triples by Greg Dean and
Wilson and a single by Ron Gat.
ton. They managed two more in
the filth, and a home run by
Dave Schatz in the sixth, which
made the final score 186,

On Saturday, pitcher G re g
Dean replacing sore-armed Til-
ly, got credit {or both wins as
he pitched the ﬁnal 5 innings
of the ﬁrst game, and the last
a 2/3 innings of the second game.

Knox scored one run in the
first, but the pioneers came
back in their half of the inning
with a run to tie up the score.
The winning two runs came in
the sixth on singles by Wilson
and Gallon, a walk to Mike
Stoller (o w n e r of Stoller’s

“THE No. l CDMMUNIS’I‘ m Illmoi:
is a :Iumlord and i: ll Negro. Hay/s
that la! colliding idaé: regues?
Cluud- M. Ligblioot, . Communist
Party member [or as your, has been
111'! with u building cair- violations.
unto/m them overcrowding and disre~
nair slur evidence or let: nnd
merrier: Cnincidentally,‘ Lithttaot's
verminourmapcrlyslendrmrnassme
city, Chicago, who" Martin Luther
xihgmcemlybe.

ran an ’End in.
some nuisance
umpuiﬂn."

for a In. rosy or the
entrant Inu- tit NA.
TIONAL REVIEW, mat.
is Dapt. cm, I50 r.
as 5!». N. v. Id, N. v.

 

i
come alive

You’re In the Pepsi genemdﬁ n!

 

 

sweret‘l with a two-mn eliort on
a single by Tilly, a walk to
Wilson, a single by Geller, a
walk to Dean, and a fielder's
choice. Knox managed a final
run in the fourth inning on
three singles. The final 2 runs
for the Pioneers came in the
sixth on walks to Dean and
Schatz, and singles by Kent
Thompson and John Pitt-
man to make the ﬁnal score
5-Zr

Dean's record is now three
and three while the leading hit-
ters on the Pioneer team are
Gotten with 308 and Wilson with
343.

ILOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEATERS- DRESSES

3W APPAnEI.
oniwncrr

Step Up To

JD'S RESTAURANT

Eterared — at my, Mlln, Grlnnoll

 

