Senate Will Review
8&6 Damage Bills

By JUDY scorr

A special senate committee has recent-
ly been formed to review certain Bare
policies In connection with student at-
fairs. Headed by Lynn Richman, the
committee is delving particularly into
complaints dealing With untair damage
and labor billsl

“We are trying to make eaG policy
in public matter,” stated Richman,
“so students know what is going on.
There have been an awful lot of com-
plaints. Labor bills are mostly a fair
charge. but 8&6 also asks rental for
what appears to be college property such
as chairs, microphones, and Darby stage
setups. There is no reason to pay for it
again and again."

Physical Plant Director Evan Walden
will meet with Richman and his
committee early next week. CofHP Pres-
ident Bob Foote; house presidents Dan
Markinann, Bob Geller, and Rick Sprott;
and student auditor, Lee Schmidt will
comprise the senate committee.

Next year Richman hopes to in-
Vesttgttte working conditions of 3&6 and
other Grillnell service employees. The
investigation will be an attempt to up
date a previous report made in 1963 by
a political science major, Harry Hoff-
man ‘63. V

3&6 STUDIED—
(Continued on Page 6)

Grimiell Cbllege

gmntottmm.

Oldest College Newspaper West or the Mississippi

 

Vol LXXlll

Grinnell, Iowa, Friday. May 5. l‘ibb

No. 28

 

ConferenceAdvises Clarification of Moral Code

By CATHY JONES

The need for a definite administrative
stand alld for clarification of a mural
code for college communities were the
concerns of Midwest Conference reli-
gious leaders who met on the Grinnell
campus early this week. ,

Represented by a variety of students.
chaplains, counselors, and professors
were Carleton, Beloit, Monmouth, Knox,
Coe, Cornell, and St. Olaf. Speaking for
Grinnell were David Swee, Jan Nichols,
Sam Withers, Janet Hale, Steve Kent,
Jelf Patterson, and Hank Bnlikov.

During the conterence held Sunday and
Monday at Grinllell House, most colleges
represented expressed a positive ratios
tion to tlle need for a sex education

program. similar to the course now of-
fered at St. Olaf.

Riot Damage Totals Not Completed Yet;
Walden Predicts $300 As Possible Cost

Due to individual assessment this
year, the itemized total of the Spring
Riot damage on Tuesday, April 26, has
not yet been compiled, according to Evan
Walden, physical plant director. The

treasurer's office and the Coil-1P will be
billed when the damage has been deter-
mined.

Walden did state, however, that esti-
mated damage is szooaoo, about 25 per

cent of last year’s total. l-le credited the
students with finally deciding that they
didn’t want to pay for the damage from
their social funds. "This has been the
best year in several years," he said
Three cases relating to Riot night will
be brought up in Men's Primary Court
this Sunday. They are tor breaking
globes in the loggia, throwing firecrack-
ers and burning one person, and break
lng bicyles against the wall at Cowles.

In a post-conference interview, Chap-
lain Roger Eldridge declared, “In a col-
lege community such as Grinnell, where
the purpose of education is to teach
the student about man, the gap in this
phase or learning is inexcusable. We have
not made even a modest accomplish-
merit in this area," he continued, “and
the college is highly underestimating the
need tor this type of education in a
residential School such as Grinnell, We
aren't even doing a bad job. We’re simp«
1y doing nothing.”

One reason for this, Eldridge believes,
as did the maJOrlly of the faculty attend-
ing the Conference, is that the faculty il-
Scll is “the most immature segment of
society.” The explanation ollcred tor this

was that faculty spend so much of its
early life in school that it becomes in-

ItlllllllllllilllllllliltllllliltlllllllllllllltilllllllIIllllliilllllllIIllllllilllllllillllllillllllllllllllll

High Court

A decision has been handed
down from the High Court con-
cerning the fines charged to two
West Norris men' for being
locked in the women‘s loggia.
They were fined without a hear-
ing under the new system of the
men's Primary Court and taps
peeled their case. The Court
decided not to hear their ap-
peal.

Sea ‘Reprlmand’ on page I
for full story.

lllllillllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllilllllllliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllll

competent to deal with social problems
outside the realm of the academic.

The only solution, according to E1.
dridge, is a satisfactoryy program for
straightforward counseling from a sppa
cialist. In the meantime, the students
have to provide their own program, by
becoming their own specialists through
frank discussions.

“1 have known senior women who are
ignorant of the facts of life. simply be-
cause they’re afraid to ask,” said Elde
ridge. “The feeling that yoll must be
sophisticatedabout sex prevents open dis-
cussion.”

St, Olaf, as an example of a college
with such a program, plans to open the
course next fall to all interested. Pre<
viously it was limited to engaged coup:
ies. The course consists of {our twoshnur
sessions, in which both the sexual and
emotional aspects of marriage are dis<
cussed.

The presence of Steve Kent, SGA pres<
idellt and Hank Balikov, chairman of
the Senate Committee on Campus
Counseling Services, was encouraging to
Eldridge, who thinks that initiation at
such a course can only be accomplished
through encouragement from a variety
of student leaders.

The second important college need em
phasized at the conference was for at).
cessible forums and meetings where stu<
dnts can talk to administrators in both
official and non-official capacities. Relea
vant to Grinnell, Eldridge asserted,
“Winters (Assoc. Dean) is doing just:

FALLIBLE—
(Continued on Page a)

 

Senate Changes Initiative Fund

By DICK cnaov

The Senate reconsidered at length
what it had enacted in haste by debats
ing the merits of the hall initiative fund
for two hours Wednesday night Last
week's allocation of $4800 generated suf<
ficient oppositinntparticularly on North
Campus) to force the Senate to cut the
fund to 31400 H and that on a trial
basis for one semester.

The new figure was approved by a
23—9 roll call vote after nearly two hours
of discussion and debate. The S e n ate
spent 90 minutes as a "committee-of-the
whole” to discuss the functions of the
initiative fund, the Criteria to be used
in allocating funds, and the amount ne-
cessary to allow halls to plan adequate
social programs.

Bucks Prompts Senator:

The senators were prompted at sev-
eral points by Speaker Dan Bucks,
who first reminded them to delineate
the goals of the fund before debating the
Imuunt, then later-commented that “I
am dissatisfied with the quality of dis-
cussion so for. it has been wandering
aimlessly instead. of being vigorous.”

There were four basic proposals that
evolved in discussion: (a) the Finance
Committee recommended that 5500 be

' placed in the initiative fund and 3900
be allocated for three weekends when
three all-campus parties would be held.

Both figures were for one semester.

(b) A proposal by a group of Sena-
tors fn put $1200 into the fund to be
spent on inter-hall parties. No hall would
be allowed more than $60 per semester.

(c) A proposal by Robert Barrow to
put $1400 into the fund “to encourage
hall initiatives and formulate new social
concepts" This proposal was the one
later adopted by the Senate.

(d) Hank Balikov‘s proposal that each
hall should be guaranteed a minimum
amount in order to insure equal distri-
bution of funds. Balikov later moved to
cut the $1400 in Barrow's proposal to
$1100. but the motion was defeated.

No one defended the $4300 amount
which had been passed by a near-unani-
mous vote that week. Mike Pill moved
that the Senate enter the committeeof-
the-whole by commenting, "The rather
heated discussions of the past week have
proved the hall initiative fund is un-
popular." , .

Jones, Flaw: Propose $1200-

The first proposal to be advanced
(and later withdrawn) was by Ed Jones
and Ron Flscus, who explained that the
Sim would serve as a “bridge between
single-hall and all-campus programs," it
would leave each hall with about $200
per semester and the prospect of $60
more from the fund it inter—hall parties
were held.

Jane Stracke criticized the proposal.

saying that “it negates the purpose of
the fund because it's the same as hall
allocations. There’s no incentive provid<
ed for."

Social Coordinator Bob Johnston com-
merited that the original idea of the
fund was not to encourage different kinds
of parties, but rather to provide fluidity
for social events among ditierent groups.

Discussion then moved to the goals
of the initiative fund. Bob Foote said
that the purposes, as he understood them
were to “provide mobility and' improve
the social program." However, he ad-

mitted that the original amount was too'

large.
Foote Defends Orlginal Plan

Foote defended the proposal of the
Finance Committee by saying that mon-
ey put into a central fund and admin-
istered properly would improve the sir
ciai program. .It would ,"promote mo-
bility and stimulate the social program"
by holding threeweekends of three par-
ties each for the entire campus. He
emphasized the trial nature of the plan
and the capability at changing the al-
location for second semester next year if
the program were unsuccessful.

Ray Horn offered two specific goalst‘
(1) to make more effective use of money
spent on lounge parties and (2) encour-
age more inter-hall cooperau'on on so:
cial events."

[location

At this point Bucks wrote those two
on the blackboard after he changed
the wording of (1) to read “More ef-
fective use of social funds." Later Buck]
added a third point on the board: “to
provide some measure of equality of dis«
tributionr”

After 90 minutes. the committee-of—the
whole made its report, The Senate re-
ported in favor of Barrow's proposal,
with the three stipulations written on
the board to be given to the Initiative
Committee as goals for establishing cri-
teria when funds are requested.

Finally, two hours and ten minutes af-
ter the meeting began, the Senate
passed Barrow’s proposal on a 23-9 ro
Call. The initiative fund will have 51
for the first semester next year. The
Initiative Committee will establish Pity
tori: in accordance with the Senate
recommendations.

ADDRISS HIRE:

901350 sdottoleu silqt‘d

 

Scarlet and Black

GRINNELL COLLEGE
Glinncll, [own

A ucskiy newspaper published each Friday of the col
lege year by the Grinnell Committee on sluocni piihlicu
nous. ucprnsnnreo lor nauonal advertismg by unucnal Ad-
viriising Service. inc, College Publishers kepi-essniaiive,
is Ens: 50m sii-cir, New York 22, N.Y. second class posi-
ngii paid al oriuncli, lowa. subscripuou rate $5.00 per
tchool year. lion naid Subscriptions.

Bob Hadlem:
Huoln hum
,Alan Axelrud
'Vlanha Berkey

Steve Casey

ASSOCIATE EDITOR
can EDITOR
SPORTS EDITOR
ran-rune EDITOR
excl-much :Dn'on Paul Bradley
eon-0km. LIBRARIAN lehy Pnnnwlll
CIRCULATION MANAGER Suzy will
ADVERTISING nsslsrmr Pam Crisl.
PHOTOGRAPHERS . :liu Sturgls, John Wolf
REPORTERS . olck ciiaoy, Cathy Jones, Paul R. Jones, Ann Klrsclineri
Min-y Malcolm, kris Nash, leby pannwlii, June Parish,
.luiiy Scott, Linda Seckelsan, Jean Whitaker

Anne ramr

Editorial . . .

Militant Columnist

I had a disquieting talk with one of my columv
nlsts the other day Paul Roberts came shuffling in
(he hardly ever does anything but shuffle), sat in my
chair and put his feet on my desk. ”You got your feet
on my desk,” I opened, trying to get on the offensive
before he did.

“Why are you still in school” I knew then it was
going to be one of those talks.

“The same reason you are."

“No. I’m quitting.” He kicked his loafers off. One
landed in a pile of photographs bending the top one be-
yond repair.

“Listen, Roberts, don’t hand me that. You’ve
been saying now for three years you’re going to quit
and you keep saying it in your column but I know bet-
ter." I had the offensive.

“No, this time I mean it. Why stay here? I don't
like to study, I like to sit under trees, I don’t like pre-
tending that I understand Sartre. I’ll never understand
Sartre.”

“But what will you do if you quit school? What
can you do for a living?” That stopped him pretty
good and he slowly tore the damaged print to shreds
as he tried to think of an answer.

“l’ll enlist,” he finally stated, tossing the pieces
of picture into the air, obviously relieved that he had
found an answer. “I‘ll fulfill my obligation to my
society. Why should other people have to risk their
lives while I sit here in Iowa and am pampered? That’s
what I’ll do. I’ll join the army and serve society.”

Poor Roberts. I knew this time he had gone too
far. I discarded yesterday’s Christian Science Monitor
that I had been skimming and turned on him, ready
for a really big fight. I found him standing in the cor-
ner doing the manual of arms with my extra-long lay-
out ruler. “Roberts, cut that out and sit down for God’s
sake.” I was afraid for him. “You don't want to join
the army and become an animal and kill and maim."

”What do I want to do, stay here and become a
leader and order others to do my killing?”

“What?"

“Should I become a big-wig in the State Depart-
ment and send other lesser slobs out to kill the lesser
slobs from other countries? No, as long as the killing
is going to be done I want: to do it.”

“But you don’t want any killing to go on at all.
do you? No. of course you don’t. Why don’t you try to
stop it. Try to end war.”

“End war! You muddle-headed, poison-pen mm-
on. People have been trying to do that since the start of
time and have failed. It's here to stay. We need it. And
as long as we’re a member of this damned society
we’re contributing to the killing.

“It's really a gas but: that’s how it is and I’m not
going to sit here and let someone else do my dirty
work.”

He stomped out of my office~with my ruler over
his shoulder—and I haven’t seen him since.

SCARLET AND BLACK

letters. .
Cold Spring Day

To the Editor:

As i sit, on this cold "Spring Day" after-
noon, working lllrough the piles oi paper ac-
cumulaled over half a semester, it occurred
lo me lliat some of my faculty colleagues might
be diinking ol exerting pressure lo restore lhe
earlier tradition oi having Spilng Day on the
first really warm afternoon in late April, Let
me be the first in raise uiy voice in cpposiiion
in such an archaic plan.

‘ Were we to reiurn to that tradition, my Wife
would be gently encouraging me to paint the
badly weathered porch wall, my children
would he notasugenily encouraging me to go
on on during and picnic, my athletically luv
clined faculty colleagues would be after me for
tennis or golf and I would be sorely iempted to
spend the day in my garden. The present en-
lightened policy recognizes Spring Day {or
what it is, a (lay for faculty members to catch
up (in work alld ior students lo recover from a
night of i'evelry.

I have Just one question? Since weather is
not a significanr variable, why Can't Sprlng
Day appear on the college calendar [0 elimi»
nate the conlusion alld uncertainty which con-
tribute liorhing to its effectiveness?

Luther E. Ericlsorl (chemistry)

3&6 Employee

To the Editor:

haying been an employee of Gl'innell Col-
legs: for some time, with eleven years spent
working in the North Campus halls, i ieel
that the problems of student drinking, along
wiui rowdylsm and ihe lack of hall discipline
are Ones that have been With us for quite
some time.

To me, the present student body has av-
eraged mit much better than some in the
years gone by.

There have always been North Campus
problems ihai come up from year to year, but
somehow as lime goes by, they rend [u be-
come minimized with something else coming
up to take the spotlight.

In any group of nearly 600 men students,
[here \Vlll always be a few lionﬂinformists
who will insist on rocking the boat. 50 l feel
that ii there is any particular problem at the
present, ihoi It will be iaken care of in due
time.

There are former students who will at-
test to lhe fact that we used to have some Wild
times during the period that they were North
Campus residents.

There were times when I looked over the
mess in the halls alter a pony held the night
belone lllal l doubted whether ihese boys
would ever grow up. But they grew older and
wiser. and now many of these men hold posts
of trust and lesponsibility.

So give Ihe students their due: the greater
majority ol them are pi'elly good Joes most
of the time,

AN ODE TO AN UNKNOWN CO-ED

To the petite, pretty co-ed
Wiui Raven black hair:
Whither ail ihou going

in ihis brisk morning air?

Going bird watching she says;
Thinks 1: it's too dark

To see the redbreasted Robin
Ol‘ the gay Meadow Lark:

She (ripped on her way,
Her head held on high,

A glance o’er her shoulder
in see who’s near by;

So my dear preny maiden
Beware where you walk;
Be Sure ihni your actions
Don't cause any talk;

To those who read this,
You needn‘t be shocked;
The clock is on six,

And ihe Loggia's unlocked;

Ah, now it's all clear,
That the sweetest bird calls

Friday. May 5. WM

Come down from the trees
Up by the Men’s Halls;

Take care. than young lady;
And lhis you should know:
It‘s much, much too early
To go Visit your Beau;

For Mother Nature in Grinnell
is the same as New York,
The bird that you discover
Might be the Stork.

if you should print this
As space tiller let's say,
Please keep it anonymouSA
Might be better that way.
Anonymous 3&6 Employee

'Nous' Return

To the Editor:

i was delighled to see that you earned an
editorial note on Nous. It should never have
been iniemipied, and i am glad to see such
Vigorous leadership in reviving iii

However, word has got round that it was
Esoteric, and with a Small circulation. lt’s
press run was only a low hundred. that's
[not But you should also stress that its wni<
ers were not limited to majors in philosophy
and religion. For example, i have before me
issues No. 15 and No. 16, March and June of
1963, when Arnold Toynbee was here. There
were appropriate articles on the philosophy of
history by history majors.

Recently the editorial board of History and
Theory saw the issues. This is the inter-
national journal in the field, with the highest
professional standards. The report from the
executive editor. Richard T. Vani‘i is:

“Thank you for lelling us look at these two
interesting issues of Nous. The articles by
:he undergraduates were also of very high
standard, and you are to be congratulated on
having such a ihriving publication." (Letter of
April 29, 1365)

It did not die, as Was said, a “quiet death."
A lew of us fought for what we thought ex-
cellent, but found little support from those
who Could have helped. From those who could
have helped most, there was less man no sup.
porl. The story must be set straight.

kaul c. Kunlz (philosophy and religion)

Illllllllllllllllllllli‘illlilllllllllllllllilllllllillllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllillllllilllllllilllllillllllllilllliillil

Must Leave Campus

Your allenllon is called to the statement
on page 18 of the 1965-66 Student Handbook:
“The college remains in session lhroughoul
the period of Commencement and Alumni Re-
union programs. During this lime. college so-
cial regulations remain in effect. All, under-
classmell. excepi those with special permis-
sion, are required to vacate college and town
residence rooms and to leave the town at
Grinnell by Lila morning following their last
examination.”

To permit the Housekeeping Department
time to prepare rooms for guests by Thurs-
day, May 26, students classified in the state-
ment above must vacate their rooms and
leave Grinnell before noon, on the day fola
lowing their last examination.

Mary G. Jones, the Alumni Secretary, asks
all underclassmen who are not staying
throughout the day of Commencement on some
special assignment to cooperate promptly wuh
this ruling. “With the size of the present Sen-
ior class, we are expecting many parents and
guesis," says Secretary Jones.

The last board meal in the dining room for
nuderclass snideuis will be noon, Tuesday,
May 24, Badges will be needed for entrance
into the dining room for dinner on Tuesday
and throughout the remainder of the Com-
niel'lceniellt week. These badges may be
picked up in the Alumni Office on May 23 and
24.

Seniors are reminded that they may pick
up lllml‘ housing reservations (or main guests
beginning on Monday, May 9, in me Alumni
onice. Charges for housing are $2.25 per per-
son per night ($1.00 for a child's cot) and
must be paid when reservations are picked

up.

 

Fridayr May 6. ms

SCARLET “10 BLACK

Showe, Warsh To Head '66-’67 YD’s Address by Iowa's Junior Senator

In an April 30 meeting Young
Democrats elected Jon Showe
pi‘ESldent for ’6667. Other Officers
for the year include Steve Warsh.
iii-st vice-president; Lorie Smith,
second vice-president; Peggy Bar-
lert, secretary; Beth Voorhees,

treasurer; and Todd Friedlailder,
publicity chairman.

According to Showe, the YD's
are planning a program to include
expanded use of seminars and
telephonic lectures oi interest to
the entiie student body.

 

KRAMER JEWELRY

Your Keepsake Dealer

4th at [road

 

ENGAGE-ABLES

go for

K eepsgke'

'And, for good reasons . . . like
smart styling to enhance the
centerdiumond . . .guaroniead
parlaci (or replacement at-
sured) . . . a brilliant gem of
line' color and precise modern
cut. The name, Keepsake, in
our ring assures lllelime sally
laction. Select your vary per—
sonal Keepsake at your
Keepsake Jeweler's store. Find
him in the yellow pages under
,"Jewelsrs."

{haul—Fo—iiirIVEiJ—ri—ia—iiEXEETiEtTr—Kiih WEDDING I

| Net"

LKEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, NEW VORK}

Please send new memos booklet "How To Plan Your Enga ement
l and Wedding" and new iz-pogel

all color folder, bath For on y 25c.
Also, send special aFler of beautilul “page Bride's Book.

 

Page Thru

Bill Vaughan

To Highlight Campus Visit Tuesday To Address

The Young Republican Club
and the Program in Practical Po-
litical Education are cuespcnsoring
the visit of U.S. Senator Jack Mil-
ler on campus Tuesdays

Miller will deliver a Short speech
entitled “Issues: 966" in the South
Lounge at 8 RM. and Will attend
a dinner with the Young Republi-
cans. The speech and discussion
following it are open to all.

Miller, luwa's Junior Senator,
has served in the Senate since 1950.
He is a member of the Senate
Committees on Agriculture and
Armed Services, the Joint Senate-
House ECDnOmlC Committee. and
the Special Committee on Prob-
lems of the Aged.

in January oi this year, Senator
Miller spent three Weeks in the
Far East for the Armed Services
Committee. The purpose of his trip
was to investigate the military sit-
uation of our forces in South Viel
Nam. He conferred with Prime
Minister Nguyen Can Ky, U.S.
Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge.
and top-ranking military and civil-
ian uiflcials.

Visits to other Far Eastern na-
tions included meetings with Presi-
dents Ferdinand Marcos of the
Philippines, Chung Hee Park of
South Korea, and Chiang Kai-Shek
of Nationalist China.

In the Senate, Miller has sup«
ported the Peace Corps, Arms Con-

trol and Disarmament Agency, and
he Voted for the Limited Nuclear
Test Ban Treaty. He has also pi'Dr
moted an expanded Defense Edu-
cation Act, federal aid for con-
structiun of Facilities for the
Health Professions, and the Admin-
istration's federal aid to higher
education program.

A graduate of the law school or
Columbia University, Miller‘has
served with the internal Revenue
Service and on the faculties Di
George Washington University and
the University of Notrc Dame Col-
lege oi Law. He served one term
in tiie Iowa State House of Repre-
sentatives and one in the State
Senate belore moving up to the
United States Senate

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

Chapel Speaker

Dennis Haas, acting chaplain
at Franklin and Marshall C01-
lege. Lancaster, Penn, wlll de-
liver the sermon this Sunday in
the college chapel. He is ap-
pearing as a candidate tor a job
iii the Chaplain’s ofﬁce next
year. Norimotii 1an was origi-
nally scheduled to speak. lino,
however, will take part in a
discussion of “Zen and Christ”
Sunday afteriiovn at 2 pm. in
the Religious Activities Room.

Journalisls

Bill Vaughan, syndicated colum-
nist and associate editor or The
Kansas City Star, will be guest
speaker at the annual spring din.
her and Matrix Table to be held

Monday at a pm. in Gardner
Lounge.

Nearly 91) students, facultyrslaff
members. and special oil-campus
guests are expected to attend the
invitational dinner, which is an an-
nual event for the two host groups,
Sigma Delta Chi and Theta Sigma
Phi, national protessional journal-
ism societies iur men and women,
respectively.

Vaughan. who was named an as
snciate editor of the paper last
year, has been with The Star
since 1939, except tor three years
of World War II service. In 1946
he look over “Siarbeams,” an edi~
torial page column thought to be
the oldest continuous newspaper
feature in America.

He now writes two columns,
”Senator Soaper” and “Vaughan at
Large," which are syndicated by
Bell~McClure in more than 150
newspapers in this Country and
abroad. He is also the author of
Lwn books, Bird Than Never Weft
and Sorry, I Stirred ll, both pub<
lished by Simon & Schuster.

a

ANNOUNCEMENT

CHAPMAN COLLEGE, locafed in Orange, California, one of
the oldest colleges in the West, is accepting applications for admis-
sion for two 107-day Seiiiesters for the fall of 1966 and the spring
of 1967 aboard Holland-America Line’s s.s Ryndam. This is the
second year of operation of Chapman College‘s floating campus.

Outstanding college and university students are invited to spend these semes-
ters at sea, enrolled for lZ-lS units of credit, applicable toward the Bachelor
of Arts, Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Music degrees, or 9-12 units
toward the Master of Arts degree,

Onboard, studenis will experience a situation of intense academic wnceik
Iration, supplemented by personal meetings ashore with men who are the
world’s leaders, monuments which are the world’s heritage, and people whose
apparent differences often prove to hide human similarities.

College classes will be held during 56 class days at sea iii mpdem, air-
conditioned classrooms and laboratories equipped with all facilities necessary
for course work oﬁered.

ITINERARIES: Fall 1965 50—31“!
leaves New York October 20, duration
107 days: loLisbon, Barcelona. Marseille.
civiisvccchic (Rome). Piraeus (Athens).
istauhul. Alexandria (Cairo), Port Said.
Suez, Bombay, Colombo, Port Swetien-
ham (Kuzln Lumpur), Bangkok, Hang
Kong, Kobe,Yokohaina (Tokyo), Hawui.
arriving Lot Angelo: February 4. 1961.

5pm 1961 Sue-er lures

February 7, duration 107 :ys; to ~L‘l
Gnaira (Caracas). Pan or Spun (ruin-
dad), Solvidor, Montevideo, Buwol
Aires, Rio De Janeiro, Ligos, Dam.
Casablanca, Cadiz, Lisbon, Rotterdm
(inland to France, Belgium and ttheih-
eriiiiids), copeohngen, London, Du

overland to),Gnlwa, affirm; New
'ty May 25. was

ADMISSION: suideiiis admliicdik the prom must meet iegniu admission qinﬂh
actions at Chapman College and upon fulfilling its requircniuu wiii nods-o m and
credits in accordance with is regularly established standards.

For ii catalog listing courses for both the Fall and Spring 96m aim will III.
tuition and iii-port propam cons, fill in the inhumﬁon below and mail'l Ill

l.___.__.._..__ .__..__.__.._.___.__.__ __.._._

l Direclorof‘ Admissions

Orange, California 92666

Name
(Lost)

Addrzss

l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
L

Chapman College. Seven Seas Division

. Pram! Statue
will”

(First)

ciw______.smo_—_Zb.__

Telephone _____Age___H.—B_..
The Ryndamis under Netherlands registrar.

_. ......_.._ ———-————_\-—-———

 

Page Four

At a coffee hour held Tuesday after-
noon, Christopher Lasch, professor of
history at the University of Iowa, spoke
on “The ‘New' Radicalism" to a large
group,,of interested Grinnellians gather<
ed lathe South Lounge.

in beginning w discussion, Lasch dis-“O
scribed today’s radical movement as
"non-violent but not pacifistic.” made
up of middle class youth who are none-
theless contemptuous of middle class
mores.

Two characteristics of the new radi-
lalism, according to Lasch, are an in-
difference to Communist influence. and
Iympathy for Mao, Castro, et al. The
latter arises because the new radicals
fear bureaucratic oppression more than
government suppression as manifested in
their criticism of Berkeley and praise
for Cuba.

While Lasch feels that the new radica
"lam has Common roots with the radi-
calism of the thirties, e.g, ‘ftlle deterior-
ation of patriarchal authority in the mid-
dle class family,” he believes that the
new radical has not been significantly
influenced by the writings of the old.

A major wealcness of the new radical-
lsm Lasch feels lies in Its emphaslﬁ
on youth. Citing the Berkeley slogan.
“You can’t trust anyone over thirty," ha
lees no future for the young radical oth-
er than to become one of the distrusted,”
Le. a conventional middle class adult.
Also, the emphasis on youth makes the
movement susceptible to the patronizing
attitudes of adults, and prevents “a
transfer of experience from generation
‘to generation," leaving, Lasch says, "no
generational continuity upon which to
build a community." .

A questioning period followed with a
panel composed of Professors Betts (his-
wry), Cleaver (English), and Fletcher
(pol cal science). Betis questioned the
Ienability of Lasch’s “decline of patriar-
chal authority" thesis, suggesting that
the profusion of new radicals indicates a
"qualitative as well as quantitative
change." Fletcher and some students em-
phasized the anti-structural aspect of
the new radicalism, with Fletcher sugv

esting that there are particular “ob-
fective issues which students and intel-
lectuals must attend, for instance voter
registration in Alabama. Lasch cons
curred, differentiating between the rigid

SCARLET AND BLACK

Middle Class Scorn for Own Mores
Tagged as New Rudiculism by Lusch

dogmatism of the Communists of the
thirties (which the new radicals oppose)
and the comparatively flexible organi-
zation of individual civil rights groups.

In response to a question as to how
he would increase the effectiveness of
the new radicalism,,i._asch¢aid that tho
rtude’nts should make an attempt to for-
get the use of “politics" for self-expres<
sion and rather try to increase the
"generational continuity."

“I guess all I want students to do,"
said Lasch, "is not forget the past." He
emphasized (that ghereshouid not be
“utter contempt of the pair and ideolo-
gical predecessors View of the last gen-
eration of radicals (in the fifties) who
did not have too impressive is record."

Morton ‘(iyelone’ Head;
Jones Will Edit ‘Nous’

The Board of Publications has recent-
ly appointed a Cyclone editor and busi-
ness manager, an editor for Nous, and
a new sari; business manager.

Heading the Cyclone next year will
be Lilah Morton, a freshman. Her busi-
ness manager, also a freshman, will be
Pat Cavanaugh,

The new publication Nous — a Corns
binalion of the old Nous and the Grllmell
Review —wlll be edited by Paul R.
Jones, a sophomore. Applications for bus»
iness manager of Nous are now being
taken, They should be submitted to La-
Veme Durkee (biology), chairman of the
Board of Publications.

Suzy Will, a first semester junior, was
named 5&5 business manager for next
year. ’

Six to Philosophy Meeting

Five Grinneil College faculty members
and one student will attend the 64th any
nual meeting of the American Philosoph«
ical Association to be held in MinneapOs
lis.

They are H. George Apostle (mathe<
matics), Paul G, Kuntz (philosophy and
religion), Howard R. Burkle (philosophy
and religion), Roger L. Eldridge (phil-
osophy and religion), William s. Cobb,
Jr. (philosophy and religion), and Lynn
Richman. a Grinnell junior.

Dr. Kuntz will read a paper, “Does
Quality Order Rest Upon a Mistake?"

 

Stare Your Clothes
With Meekers

Here are the added conveniences and protection
you will receive if you store your garments with

Meekers.

1. Day or night taxi service. Free when you ride with your clothes.
1. Insured against moth and mildew damage. 2% of declared value.

3. Insured against fire or theft.

4. Ask for free handy Item and valuation list. At your campus ugens.

5. We will return the order to your college campus agent this full as
directed. He or she will resolve full commission.

5. Seventy-nine years of continuous laundry and cleanlnq experience.
1. Freshly pressed and ready to wear In the fall. (Except store only)
a. You may also ride downtown to Meekers with your clothes at NO

COST TO YOU.

9. Store only available at 4% of declared value.

MEEKER iAUN-DRY CLEANERS

l‘0l9l/a Blood 59.. Grinnoll. Iowa 50112

Musical Weekend

Friday, May 6, im

Violin Sonatas, Taped Music, Students
Featured in Three Upcoming Concerts

Three major musical programs will
be presented on successive evenings this
weekend, each on at 8 pm. in Ro-
berts Theatre. All three are open to the
public with no tickets required.

This evening, a distinctive program of
violin Sonatas will be offered by Thad
dora Mantz McMillan and David Albee,
piano. Mrs. McMillan is a former mem-
ber of the Lenox Quartet, and Albee is
a member of the Drake University facul-
ty and of the Drake Fine Arts Trio.
The program will include sonatas by
LeClair, Vivaldi, Mozart and the F-A-B
Sonata by Albert Dietrich, Robert Schu-
mann, and Johannes Brahms. The F.
A-E Sonata was composed in 1853 in an-
ticipation of the arrival in Dusselforf of
the musician Joseph Joachim. The mots
to Frei aber elosam, “free but lonely,"
was used by Joachim during this pe«
riod. This is the meaning of the pit-ls
by which the sonata is known, and the
notes F, A. and 5 appear prominently
throughout the sonata.

Outdoor Graduation
—lf Weather Permits

If Iowa's spring weather permits, Coma
mencement this year will be outdoors,
according to Fred He‘ss, director of pub-
lic relations.

The sylvan setting — whose seatfng
arrangement will be the same as the in-
door setting — will he in the shaded area
directly west of the Forum, will face
north-easterly with the Forum and
Science Building in the background. The
platform will be constructed in such a
way as to block vision of the physical
plant. ,

A representative group of seniors was
contacted to see what their feeling was
about having commencement outdoors,
Eldon Franz, chairman of the commence<
ment committee, said that the seniors ho
contacted were overwhelming in favor
of an outdoor commencement.

Should the weather take a turn for the
worse the 1900 expected participants and
guests will move into Darby Gymna-
sium. Further details — such as the line
of procession — have not been decided
at this point.

The entire program of commencement
weekend is still as of yet undecided.

The most unusual of the programs
will he the Saturday night “Concert of
Compositions for Tape and Visual Pro-
jections," from the San Francisco Tape
Music Center. a

Anthony Martin, visual director, and
Pauline Oliveros, composer, will present
five numbers involving various comr-
binations of electronic tape, film, voice,
and projections. The composers repre«
sented are Miss Oliveros, Morton Subotv
hilt; Ramon Sender, and Anthony Mar-
tin.

The San Francisco Tape Music Cen-
ter is a nonprofit corporation establish-
ed by a group of composers, artists, and
sound engineers to promote creative ex-
periments in sound and light. The San
Francisco Chronicle has called their re‘
sults “at once humorous, bizarre, and
fascinating," with color, motion, and
sound blended into a "new theatrical
art—an art to be reckoned with."

The Sunday evening concert will fea-
lure student performers. Miss Ann Ho-
ganson will play the first movement of
Bach‘s Clavier Concerto in D minor ac-
companied by the Grinnell College Dr-
chestra Strings, Denis M. de Coteau, com
ductor. The Grinnell College Coilegium
Musicum, Conducted by David Suther-
land, will follow with a group of chan-
ions by Layclle, Josquln and Passereau,

The Collegium Musicum, assisted by
Professor Tyree and Addi of the Uni-
versity of Iowa, will also perform the
suite from Stravinsky’s theatre piece
Histoire de Soldut. Composed in lill
for a miniature orchestra of seven play~
ers, the music represents one of Stra-
vinsky’s greatest achievements and has
remained a formidable challenge to per—
formers. Drawn from a cycle of stories
in Russian folklore, the work relates “the
tragic story of the soldier destined to
become the prey of the Devil.”

The story is played by a Narrator
and three characters — the soldier, the
devil, and the princess, who mimes and
dances but does not speak. The beauty
and force of musical effect which Stra-
vinsky has achieved with the sparse ma-
terial he allowed himself have made HIS-
toire de Soldat one of the most influen-
tial compositions of the century. Al.
though it is entirely appropriate in its
original function as an adjunct to the
drama, the music has most often been
performed alone, as in the present con»
cert.

t Reprimands Primary Court

The men contended that their constitu-
tional rights had been violated because
they were sentenced without a hearing.
The High Court decided that the state-
ment sent to the two men from the Pri-
mary Court did not constitute an opinion,
and further reprimanded the Primary
Court for failing to point out the rights
of the defendant to a hearing prior to any
mention of alternatives to a hearing.

Normally, if the defendant does not
request a bearing upon notification of his
offense, he is presumed to have entered
a plea of guilty. If he requests a hearing,
is granted one which follows all the
procedural regulations stated in the stu-
dent handbook,

“The point of the appeal is. however
well taken, for the wording of the Pri-
mary Court‘s statement is not sufficient
to establish the fact of such a hearing,
and because all evidence points to the
contrary, this Court finds that there was
no trial or hearing," said a statement of
the High Court.

The High Court further noted that
“Though the Primary Courts may desigs
nate an alternative to hearing in the now
tification of a defendant of his rights to
hear in minor cases of frequent occur-
rence, it must be made clear that any
penalties mentioned are only alten-latives
and will not be imposed unless the stu-
dent waives his right to hearing."

 

// / / I
The Tasty Pastry Shop

 

Friday, May t, loss

By BRUCE MCCONACHIE

' Last Tuesday night, Denys Hay, pro-
tessor of medieval history at Edinburgh
University spoke on the subject, “Re-
naissance: Period or Problem," Profes-

mor Hay was witty and urbane and his
peech‘vasms entertaining asg't was in-
iormatlve. “ '

According to Hay, the term Renaise
finance is used by American schol-
ars to denote a period of historical
time. This is not the case, however, in
European scholarship. The tendency in

’Europe is to diyide European history
Into medieval and modern. Renaissance,
for them, is a term which covers only
a group of problems.

This division into two, instead of three
or four historical periods creates many
difficulties. In an American university,

Hornet/3' 'Dream Play' Called

By BRUCE MCCONACHIE

The Dream Play belongs to August
Strindberg's later period of dramatic
Writing. While his earlier works, The
Father, Miss Julie, and other, are pre-
dominately in the naturalistic style, The
Ghost Sonata, To Damascus and The
Dreun Play are forerunners of expres-
nionism. Robert Brustein, in an essay on
Strindberg, relates some of the charac<
teristics of these later plays: “Location!
are vague; space is relative; and the
characters possess names like the Strang-
er, the Student, the Poet, the Hunter and
the Dreamer.”

It is evident that this type of play lies
outside the mainstream of American
drama, Consequently, The Dream Play
15 quite diiticult to produce for an A-
merican‘audience. Although I am unac-
quainted with its production history, I
doubt that “The Dream Play" has ever
been professionally produced in America.

Thus I was surprised when Howio
llarned told me he was going to produce
an adaptation of the play at Grinnell.
His production last Wednesday night was
predictably confusing for the audience,
They were unsure how to take the play
and many of them left Arena Theatre
perplexed

Must oi the problem, I believe, lies in
the choice oi‘the play, Yet there were
some faults in the production which, if
remedied, might have led to a more en.
joyable night at the theatre. In spite of
a iew interesting and moderately suc-
cessful attempts at abstract theatricality,
the style of the production was too real-
lstic,

Howie’s set was appropriate and his
experiments in lighting sometimes suc-
ceeded in evoking the mood of the play.

Service ﬂ”?

SCARLET AND BLACK

Edinburgh Historian Hay Probes

Hay would probably be part of the
Renaissance and Reformation section of
the history department. At Edinburgh, he
is in the medieval division. But, as he
joked, “it’s not just that chaps like
Hay can't get jobs." Such rigid pet-iod-
ization often obscures historical re-
search Thus, scholars working in early
modern history are sometimes “fantasti-
cally ignorant" of what occurred only
a short time before.

These problems, thinks Hay, may be
traced back to the reception given Jacob
_Burkhardt’s book The Civilization of
The Renalssance In Italy, published in
1860, Eurlthardt treated Renaissance
Italy as a cultural whole. Among other
things, he discussed its politics, its phi-
losophy, its festivals and its art.

The book was a “flop” at first, but

There were other times, though, when
the lighting was insufficient to see what
was happening. This was particularly
true of the scene between the two coal
miners. The costumes of a few of the
characters and the Lawyer'l make up
were legitimately theatrical and effec-
tivc.

But the style of the acting, with few
exceptions, did not match the theatri-
callty of some of the other aspects of the
productions, Nor, for that matter, did I
feel that the acting style suited the play.
Most of the actors underpiayed their
parts and de—emphasiwd the climaxes
in each scene. The result, while perhaps
“realistic,” was often tedious and un-
dramatic. In the scene between the Law-
yer and the Daughter, the climax of the
Lawyer's lecture on duty was delivered
while he was walking ott stage.

The scene between the Pensioner and
the Officer was the most successful in
the production precisely because Dale
Dreyfus and Rick Roehlk pushed their
characterizations to absurb extremes.
Dale's portrayal of the Pensioner was
perhaps the most outstanding acting job
in the production. Rick gave a humorous
interpretation of a cocky little man, but
I talked to one girl after the perform-
ance who was surprised to learn that he
had played the part of the Officer.

The Daughter, the main character in
Strindberg's drama, was portrayed by
Tanya Hovanessian. Goodness, beattty
and compassion is difficult dramatic ma-
terial, but Tanya handled it well. Her
performance, however, was hampered by
her costume — a white dress which
looked more like a nightie,

Several of the actors in the minor roles
were effective. Among the faculty, Paul
Jones was funny as the Professor of
Philosophy. Bonny Tinker gave a good
characterization of the Doorkceper. Max

soon people began writing histories about
cultural Renaissances in England and
France as well. Despite Burkhardt’s cons
corn with the Whole civilization, includ-
ings politics, these later “Renais-
sance" historians centered their atten-
tion on the cultural - artistic aspect:
of the Renaissance in this or that coun-
try, and their inquiry was not limited
to any specific span oi time. Consequent-
ly the term Renaissance came to denote
any cultural period which exhibited a
flowering of talent. It became a problem
in cultural history, not a period of his-
torical time.

Hay pointed out that the present sep-
aration of medieval and modern is based
on the notion of political change. If it
could be shown that the fourteenth, fif-
teenth and sixteenth centuries saw us

Too Realistic

Helfgott, as the Poet. was appropriately
cool and smooth I was confused, though,
as to whether we were supposed to like
him. Perhaps Strindberg intended his

play to end ambiguously. That was how
it affected me.

An entirely successful production of
The Dream Play would have been an
amazing accomplishment. Howie’s pro-
duction was successful in parts but was
marred, i think. by his concern with pros
sentlng characters realistically.

Page Fiv-

enaissance

nique political, as well as cultural
changes, then this age might come to
be considered as a distant period. But
Hay sees little hope in this view. The
princes of the sixteenth wanted esen-
tially the same things for the same rea—
sons as their predecessors. Nor could one
consider this‘a separatOper'iod hgauso‘h
of a social change. Some his rlans
have tried to demonstrate that the mid-
dle class was rising during this time,
but as Hay said, other historians have
shown that just as many members of
the middle class were falling.

2 Nevertheless, Hay believes (hat one
can justify treating the Renaissance as a
separate period, A change in the “moral
climate" of the culture distinguishes it
[mm the medieval period, said Hay. He
cited Hans Baron’s thesis that Floren-
tine scholars demonstrated in the doc-
ades around 1400 that "you could be up to
your neck in business," and still be vir-
{unusi This‘wos a new ldea.‘ During the
middle ages, the attitude that virtue only
came to those who turned their backs
on the world had predominated.

Evidence of a change can be seen in
the different attitudes toward various
classical individuals. The Middle Ages
had turned Cicero into a monk, but the
Renaissance viewed him both as “a
thinker and a man of action." Attitudes
toward poverty, politics and trade
changed as well. In the Renaissance,
laid Hay, “the merchant could look his
parish priest in the eye and not feel
guilty."

Donahoe Explains Direction of ‘Milkwood';
Calls Technical Approach ‘Anii-Meihod'

By ANN KIRSCHNER

The main consideration in staging
Under Mllkwood, u play for voices, was
properly interpreting Dylan Thomas'
purpose. This was the view of Ned Dona-
hce (speech and theatre), director of
last week’s performance and of the first
staged production In this country. “Tho-
mas was smiling at the characters, not
harpooning them. It is not in the spirit
of the play to make fun of them,” he
said.

Another problem Donahoe cited was
"making the whole thing blend into
something which flowed without having
a staccato beat," He specified the im-
portance of the actors with only one line
coming on in character and blending out
in the same way, not just walking off
after having delivered the one line. To
make this easier, most of the one-liners
were staged in the side areas.

Donahue said that the set had two
main purposes. One was as a centering
device surrounded by neutral space, as
old as the medieval stage. The other
was as a symbol of the “down-at-the-

 

Oh! Yummiel

HANSEN'S
DANISH MAID

HAVE YOU SEEN
OUR POSTERS?

Don't bother reading them If
you're not interested in money.
Llfetime of Iowa is offering
Cash Scholarships of $500 -
S750 - $1.000 - $1.500.

If you -
Aren't hire: to work, do yourself a

niemtnd in money and

layer und take . minute to relcl our
parlors.

WE WILL BE INIElVIEthG
THROUGH YOUR
PLACEMENT OFFICE SOON!

heel Welsh fishing village." The set
could be worked on, under, and around
with a great deal ofrfreedom matching
that of the stage itself in Roberts.” ex-
pluined Donahue.

“This is not the kind of play that
calls for depth in character, They are
almost caricatures. We do not need to
know Why Eli Jenkins is a broken—down
minister in the town, but only that he
is, and we must accept him for it. it
would kill the lilt of the play if we
knew too much. Our job here is not
to psychoanalyze each character," said
D 0 na h o e, He admitted that this was
“anti—method,” the method being the in-
tensified identification of the actor with
all aspects of the character, including
his emotional reactions to situations out-
side the scope of the play. He gave as
an example the character of Polly Gar-
ter, saying that it would be wrong to
portray her as the “town whore.” a
judgment that Thomas did not make.
but rather as a "warm Woman."

Donahoe cut the script back for his
production according to the original
script he received from Thomas him»
self at Bennington College, where the
production was first staged. “It had to
be the right length to see their dreams,
see the people in the town, see the
town in action, reveal the characters
and get it down to dusk again,” said
Donahoc.

ATTENTION
1766 GRADUATES!

You no invited to in. on. our
excellent can." opportuni r if you
are .ntbitiout. here a "a" wage.
took part in rumpur act or and
luv- sntitnod the drntt. w. m .
progrutiye multipleservice bank,
needing l5 silicon in five years. our
Execulivo Development Program can
quality you. Send your complet. re.
sun. to: M. L, Anderson, Perronnel
Direclor, City Nntiansi Built ll.
rrutt Co.. mo and Grand Avonue.
Kanul City, Mixsouri um.

 

Page Six

SCARLET AND ILACK

Friday. May 6. not

 

bSlioultl Appear Fallible, Not Irreproaclmble

(Continued from Page 1)

that!" The lack of such conferences is
due to the people who aren‘t there, ac-
cording to Eldridge. and he expressed a
need [or stipulated times when people
can discuss problems in policy.

An understanding between students and
administration on the problems of mor-
ality would, hopefully, be promoted by
such discussions. The faculty at the con-
Ierence felt that basic to the success
of the discussions is for the adminis-
trative official to be recognized by both
the student and himself as an authority
who is also a human being. When asked
to make a statement of policy or clarifi-
cation, the official should appear more
fallible |han irreproachable.

Discuss Issues of Privacy

in a writing session Monday after-
noon. students and faculty expressed ac-
lual policy changes they ielt necessary.
The ideas centered around the need for
privacy, accompanied by a clarification
of its ends, its degree, its form and its
consequences

Most felt that the request for privacy
does not imply a desire for the opportua
nity for sexual intercourse. In fact, one
faculty member stated that when stu~
dents request privacy, they do so with
considerable ambivalence If the request
were studied “in depth,” it would be
found that there are three basic fears
connected with the type oi privacy com
ducive to sex:

1, Fear of loss of control over emoa

tions.

Zr Fear of more emotional and sexual
involvement than the student is
ready lor, and

3. For women particularly, fear of a

ARRIO
AEROSOL DEODORANT

$1.00 valuo 58‘

RESPOND HAIR SPRAY

Regular or Hurd-lo-hold

$2.35 value 5' ‘1

PERSONNA
INJEOTOR BLADES

99: value 66‘
SHIRTS

Short Sleeve
All Cation
Sanforixed 9 1:

All Sizes Kt Colon

loss of reputation which might be
connected With being seen at unlim-
ited open dorms.

What is the end, then, that students
want when they request privacy? Confer-
ence members agreed that there is a
delinite need for a place for arguing,
crying, and talking, both among couples
and groups. Both faculty and students
discussed the possibility oi rooms fur-
nished with easy chairs and linoleum,
rooms ConduCiVe to communication
short of intercourse. It was generally ad-
mitted that the idea was naive and mun<
dane, but satisfactory to those who
would not want to risk the temptations
of open rooms.

Student representatives were concerned
mainly With the question of facilities
when asked what they would consider
Lhe ideal College situation. They Cun<
sidered open rooms as one answer to
privacy, and planned their facilities so
that open dorms would not inconvenience
others

Opens Rules by Consensus

Open dorm policy would he detera
mined by a consensus of people living
within the unit, regulated in a manner
similar to the planning and enforcing of
quiet hours. The group thinking was that
this liberalized open dorm policy would
be more readily enforced if rules were
made by a consensus.

All expressed a need for a realistic
explanation of the administration's ideas

Von privacy, punishments they would iu<

that for breaking oi rules, and the psy-
chological consequences that the indivia
dual would suffer.

Discussion of this particular phase oC<
curred in the Monday morning session

Carma *

VADEMEOUM
HAND OREAM

99: vain. 62‘

DIPPITY - DO
SETTING GEL
Regular er Hard-to-hsld

stzs vain. 11‘

NYLONS

Seamless Mesh

All she: 3 pt. s' 00

MOTH BALLS

Kills moths. eggs. larva

'.‘

when Allan Fl Demorcst, DI the Jasper
County Mental Health Service, was the
guest speaker. According to Demorest.
an individual can behave as he wishes
if lie I5 willing to suffer the consequences.
A college has no right to control verbal
limits of students, but it can control
hehovorial limits by setting the pun-
ishments and explaining the conse-
quences. However, Demorest continued,
the administration is not required to jus<
tily its rationale behind the policies it
follows. The members oi the group
agreed that perhaps this is true irom
a legalistic view, but the college, also
Will stiffer certain consequences if it
follows this policy.

School Must Know Itself

In the following discussion, Demorest
explained his viewpoint, and stated that
rebellion against the rules limiting free-
dom Will not bother a school if the
authority “knows itseli and its goals."
However, when the authority is insecure
and does not or cannot state the definite
rules and expectations realistically, the
students have a legitimate issue. Here
the group felt that this contusion is quite
detrimental to a stable community:
“fuzziness is worse than tyranny”

in presenting his own view on privacy
and its role in the community, Demorest
felt that it is possible to create a psy-
chological privacy, and that students
were not using their imaginations when
they asked for physical facilities for pri<
vacyi However, the group opposed this
stand by asking where the source of this
psychological freedom stems, and they
felt that it was unrealistic to think that
all students are capable of creating such
a world for themselves.

) B8tG Studied

(Continued from Page I)

The Hoffman report charges “that
workers in Buildings and Grounds,
Housekeeping, and Saga Food Service all
are exploited through a combination of
low wages, poor working conditions, and
harsh working schedules."

The Summary Statement oi the report
includes such accusations as:

“Grinnell College is reputed to be a
kind of haven from the indifference. self<
ishness and inhumanity of the outside
world. One of the noble objectives or our
college reads: ‘to motivate him (the
Grinnell Student) towards concern for
his neighbors, democratic ideals, cork
sciouslless of social responsibility, and
life of service to his fellow men.’

“Recall how our whole education at
Grinnell is aimed at this objective, Re-
member how our humanities and histm‘i<
cal Studies, lectures and selected works
were designed to imbibe us with the lib-
eralrhumanitarian spirit of the Western
Civilization, . .

“How many faculty members know
that while their salaries have been
doubling over each five year period,
other college employees are receiving no
pay increases or increased benelits? Is
the faculty aware that other college em<
ployees are without individual protection
or promotion plans? Admittedly, faculty
ignorance is a major factor for the com
tinuation oi the present labor system. . .

”Grinnell's eager young minds should
realize that this world is an ugly place
where everyone, including colleges and
educators, grab all they can get at the
expense of others."

In regards to th e s o statements
Richman said they badly needed updat-
ing and that investigation would definite-
ly be done during the next year to see
how valid the statements were.

WHERE Y0“ NEVER

9A? new a!
EVERY oar DISCQUNT

816 5th Ave.
Erinnell, Iowa

SGORE HAIR OREAM

King Size

$1.09 value 69‘

NENNEN
SKIN RRAGER

$1.10 vain. 61‘

ZEST

DEODORANT BEAUTY BAR

23‘

STORE 9
HOURS:

PRICES SAVE YOU MORE

9 IIJIL to 7 p.m. Friday
on. to a p.in. Mon. Tues.

Wed., Thurs.. Sui.

MAGLEAN’S Toothpaste

King Size

35: vain. 51°

BUFFERIN

bottle of I00

51.39 vain. 88‘

FINISS

IZ feminine napkins

4 boxes 99‘

MOTH ICE NUGGETS

No Clinging Odor

19: value 62‘

 

Friday. May 6. mo

Langham Sets Mark;
Trackmen Lose Meet

The Pioneer track team participated
in the Drake Relays last weekend, but
was not able to pick up any points.

Jeri Langham, running in the open
college-university race, set a new Pion-
eer mile record with a 4:177 ClDCkil'lg.
He broke his own record of 4:181 which
he set last week, Running in the open
race against all the schools in the meet,
he was not able to place.

The three relay teams that Grinnell
entered failed to qualify for the finals.
Running in the mile relay were Bob
Watt, Mike Schwartz, Rick MacDoweli,

SCARLET AND BLACK

Pn- Soy-n

Clark and Dibble Top Conienders for [M Softball Title

As the intramural season comes to a
close, Clark and Dibble appear to be
headed for a tie for the softball crown
with one loss apiece. Dibble has already
finished its season. while Clark was
scheduled to ﬁnish with games with
North yesterday and South today.

Dibble finished its season Wednesday

and Langham: in the sac relay tor the
Pioneers it was Watt, Schwartz, Steve
Brlntnall, and Dick Lamb; the college
sprintvmedley relay consisted of Watt,
Lamh, nt-intnall, and Langham.

when it overcame a West lead witll a
rally in the bottom or the seventh in~
ning. Tuesday it beat Smith, who at
that time also only had one loss, 11-8.

Smith still had a chance to take sec<
0nd Wednesday when they faced Clark.
But Clark, who suffered its only loss
to Smith 1772, whipped them.

East, the other contender, ilnished its
season Wednesday by stomping Gates

48-14, The 45 runs was the highest total
of the year for any team, and set a
new East all»tirrle record. East, alter
its win over Smith two weeks ago, lost
its much and lost the next twn games

and barely squeezed by in the third ba—
lore the Gates smash. First they lost to
Clark 14-7, then under-manned and over-
nontident, lost to North after rallying
desperately in the last two innings. Then
ngalnst Langan they found themselves
getting sloppy again and blew a 12-1
lead beiore ﬁnally winning with a run
in the seventh 1514.

North, a tast-improving team, can tie
with Smith tor fourth with a win over
Clark. After losing three of its ﬁrst
lnur games, it has won the last ﬁve.

Smith, also 673, was expected to have
little trouble in beating Gates this after-

 

How to make a snap course
out of a tough one!

Obviously, Olds 4—4—2 crammed for its ﬁnals. It masters miles with a 400—cuhic-inch VeS.
4—harrel carb and a rumbling pair of pipes. Cools corners with heavy-duty suspension
and front and rear stabilizers. Goes to the head of its class with the sportiest conﬁguration
ever to top four red-line tires. All this, and straight A's in economics, too. . .

like matching its modest price to your pocket!

TEP 01/7 FRONT
... in a WIAL’Iin Car.’

LOOK TO OLDS FOR THE NEW!

vonoNAno . «mm-elem . mitt-tar i emutewm r cuvuss . mi .

lDLDSMDBILE-

re vnul Nun-V oLnrMollLK aunt" mm Kawl

slur we we at, wurni nu Aevloul

 

 

 

 

 

Van Wechel Molar Sales

Your Oldsmobile Dealer in Grinnell

Step Up To

JD'S RES'lAURANT

Elevated _ u min Mun. Grlnnell

Headquarters For:

HOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEAIERS - DRESSES

mat/9% ‘
APPAREL

GLASSES

Made and Repaired
in Our Laboratory

Contact Lenses

Cases and
Solutions

Eyes Examined
Phone 235-397?

E. J.Jensen, O.D.
OPTOMEYRIS'I'
Across from Post Office

Claw! Thurs. PM.
and Sat, PM,

"ir ls cenLkALLY xnown, at h augltl
(o be, that Arnold Taynbce‘s low
wlgma/ “in.” m emu summers.
Yet Toynbee, {or rather inexplicable
tenant, in” may: it \‘i/lbl: ten.
utntion in the declining Wm, while
Spengler remain: exiled in the darn-h
non (amp the Armin Such Zeitgeist
so alnclly keeﬂl tar intellectual:
or Garm‘n ammo... am All:
Nari: am indeed wrong—trim
it no race a!
Unlermenxchen,
nut avert the
Germ-m."

m u «m Copy .l it.
(“rent inn. 0’ ma
\‘loNAL Isvtrw, ant.
to mp4, 0-1. m e
3: M. N. 1. lo. N. I.

 

 

Page Eigh‘i

Record Breaking . . .

 

on His way lo e new varsity record or or, linksman
Dove shellenbarger chips one to the green in e duel rneei
with Coe last Tuesday. Although his round included three
baqies. Shellenbarger carded tour birdies. including a
30-foot chip shot that found its way into the hole. Shellen-
barger's redhei round helped the Pioneers to lick their
oppunenh rrorn Coe by a score or [5-5, raising illeir duel
,rneot reoord to 4.3. red Risser, whose 70 had been the
previous record, turned in e 75 ten the day to beat in:
roe. Bill to. war aim successful with in so.

SCARLET AND BLACK

Fridey, May 5. into

Honor G Awards Theophilus Trophy lo langham
As Outstanding Senior Pioneer Athlete of '65-'66

Jeri Langham, a Sryear track
and cross country star, Wednes-
day night was named the David
Theophilus trophy winner as
Grinnell College’s outstanding
senior athlete of 1965-66. The
trophy was presented to Lang-
ham at the annual Honor 0
lettermen’s club banquet,

Langham, who doubles as a
middle distanceman and disi-
anceman, was Midwest Confer-
ence Esoryard champion as a
sophomore and the son and 1—
mile titlist as a junior. He also
ran on Pioneer mile relay units
that set new loop records botll
years.

He has twice lowered the
Grinnell mile lnark this spring,
dropping it first to 4:181 and
then to 4:17.7. and also has his

name in four other spots in the
school record book — as a
member or the mile, sprint
medley, 27mile, and distance
medley ioursomes which wrote
new Standards in 1964. In cross
country, Langham placed sixth,
seventh, and eighth in confer-
ence meet action during his sea-
sons of varsity competition.

A memorial to a Grinnell
grinder and wrestler who gradu-
ated in 1951 and died in action
in Korea in 1953, the Theophi-
lus award is given to a senior
each year on the basis or pe'ra
iormance. leadership, and schol-
astic records.

John Kelsey received the Mid-
west Conierence’s Roy LeClere
scholar-athlete tr o p h y. The
award is presented annually to

i

Mike Hanson, track and cross
country runner, received the
G. Lester Duke trophy as the
college’s outstanding treshman
athlete.

Irwin L. Simone and Richard
B. Young, who are leaving the‘
coaching staff at the close of
this academic year, were given
engraved silver pitchers. Si-
mone has served as head swim-
ming, soccer, golf, tennis, track
and cross country coach during
his 17 years at Grinnell, and
Young has been head track and
cross country mentor the last
eight years.

Merritt. C. Ludwig, who left
his position as Grinnell Vice
president May 1 to become Cil-
rector ui planning and develop-
ment at the University of Iowa.

i ,

LANGHAM FAILED TO PLACE in the mile run againsl all the schools in the Drake Relays
but in the open collegeuniversny race he «rat a Grinnell record with a time or 4:l7,7.
His old record — not led week — wee 4mm. Langham in teen finishing in the open

in which he didn't place.
3

Who Is your Ideal dalei Thousands use Central Control and Its high-speed
computer for a live. flesh~and-hlood answer to this question.

Your Ideal daia - such a person exists, oi course.
But how to gel acquainted? uur Central Control computer
processes 10.0% names an hour. How long would it lake
you to meat and iorm an opinion of that many people?

You will be malched with live ideally suited person:
oi the opposite sex, right in your own locale (or In any
area oi the IJ.S. you specify). Simply, send $3.00 to Genital
Control let your uuesliohnaira. Each oi the live will be
is perfectly matched with you In lnieresls, oullook and
background as computer scieuca makes possible.

Celillzl Control I: nationwide, but Its program: In
completely localized. Hundreds oi thousands nl vigoroux
aid alert subscribers, all sharing the desire to meet their
Ideal dates, have iound computer dating to be exciting and

highly acceptable.

, All five oi your ideal dale: will he delighliul. So
hurry and send your 33.00 ior your questionnaire.

CENTRAL CONTROL, Inc.

22 Park Avenue 0 Oklahoma clly, Oklahom-

the conference senior who ate
rained the highest grade-point
average during his junior year
while lettering in two or more
sports.

A psychology major with a
3,80 graderpnint average, Kelsey
is the first Grinnellian to re-
ceive the LeClere trophy. He
has won three iootball letters
and is seeking his third track
letter this spring.

Most valuable and most im-
proved awards went to the iol-
lowing Pioneer athletes:

Paul Thurston, most Valuable
iootball lineman; Dick Lamb,
most valuable football back;
Langham, most valuable in
cross country; Jeri Frantz, most
Valuable in basketball; Bill
Eames, most valuable wrestler;
and Rick Seiiert, most improved
swimmer.

Individual trophies were pre-
sented to members of Grinnell’s
Midwest Conference champion-
ship wrestling team.

You’re’in the Pepsi genemﬁon!

 

was cited ior his service to the
Grinnell athletic and physical
education programs.

President Glenn Leggett, the
banquet speaker, was made an
honorary member of Honor G.
It was the first Honor G ban-
quet for Leggett.

Announced as Honor G offi-
cers for 1966r67 were Rick An-
derson, president; Bob Watt,
vice president; Doug Dray, sec-
retary; Dave Schatz, treasurer;
and Lamb, social chairman,

For School or
“powder .
Supplies .

Grinnell
Office Supply

Aaron from tho Pos’r Offico

GRINNELL. IOWA

 

