Grinnell College

gnu/“dot: m

Oldest college Newspaper wesi at the Mississippi

 

Vol LXXlIl

Grinneil, Iowa. Friday. April 27, I966

No. 27

 

HALL CONFINEMENT carried to its extreme. Karen Lauierbach, new
AWS president, sire Nelson. Debbie Downs (face hidden behind lock)
out other new seA atheists spent most at Tuesday afiemoion in jail, They
worn placed there by old SGA oficials. tSee story at right.)

 

Senate Approves New
With little hdo Over Anything

By DICK CHADY
Atter a minimum at debate the Senate

passed a $56,500 budget last night,
thus completing what has been a major
eitort for the few individuals lnvolved
in the process. The entire budget was
compiled by the Finance Commitiee,
which had spent about 20 hours in the
last two weeks trying to make expendo
tures and income balance.

The only part of the budget to come
under debate was the recommendation
to shift $4800 from hall social funds to
the jurisdiction of a “Hall Initiative Cum—
mittee." Stan Wezelman proposed that
$2400 of the amount be given back to
halls because the plan was still an
experiment This year the Hall Initiative
Fund was only 5300. Previously halls
received $11,000. Next year they will get
36500. the balance going to the initiative
Committee:

Jane Strucke and Phil Berthenthal,
both members of the Finance Committee,
answered that the plan had proved it-
sell this year and that additional funds
were needed to allow all balls to take
advantage oi the program.

Debate then centered around the pur<
pose of the iund, CoiHP President Bob
Footo explained that this would, in ei-
tect, create $5,000 of -“satety money"

udget

which could not be used to pay also
bills, because it would be out of the
jurisdiction of halls,

The lurid is to be administered by a
committee of seven. composed of the
North and South Campus social chair—
men, the chairman oi the Finance Com-

SENATE—-
(Continued on Page a)

llllllllllillillillillllllillilllllillllllllllllillllllilllllllilillllIIllllllllllillllllilllllillllllillllliii

Chapel Speaker

This Sunday, George Hadley,
Chaplain Emeritus of Mill:
College, Oakland, California,
will give the sermon in College
Chapel, entitled “Maydayl”.

lillllllilllllllliliillllllllllillllllllllllllllllltiiiilllliiiilliiiillliiiillliliilliilllllllllillillllllllil

Riot Produces little Damage;
Spring Day Da wns Depressing

By BOB HODIERNE

There were ﬁreworks, illegal visita-
tions and beers galore during Tuesday‘s
Spring Riot but when the dust cleared
there were still 11 'men's halls on North
Campus

Walkie — talkie - toting CofHP offi-
cials who were almost as ubiquitous as
Sada-Cyclone photographers managed to
keep the annual destruction rate within
the conﬁnes of imagination. Threats oi
stilt eiilorcement or damage rules
tended to drive most people indoors for
the evening.

Bob Foote, Coil-[P president, said that
“compared to last year's riot destruc-
tion, this year's is negligible."

Foote said that on South Campus the
only damage was jammed loggia locks.
Evidently someone had stuffed tooth~
picks into the works of the locks ren-
dering them inoperable Bate, said Foote,
was able to salvage all but one at the
locks and the total bill there should be
about $25.

On North Campus Foote said he was
“hoping damage hills would total under
5100." Last year’s total was over SHOUT
Foote indicated, however, that these were
only early estimates.

Most of the North Campus damage
resulted from torn-out screens and brok<
on windows. “A number of these have
been assessed to "individuals," said
Foote. The student governing agencies
had decided before the riot to assess
as many damage bills to individuals as

possible thus saving social funds which
traditionally pay for the damage.

Several students were injured on
North Campus according to St Eugene
Thompson, dean of men. One man was
injured when he was burned by a
thrown firecracker. Another was cut by
broken glass Still another broke oil a
tooth when he fell down.

Spring Day dawned as it has the last
two-out—ot-three years — cloudy, cold,
and unspring-like. A picnic lunch and
dlnner were both_moved indoors. A
continental breakfast was served on
North Campus and to stifle boredom
many groups got involved in really
“hot” games of monopoly, bridge, etti,
Gloriously, the free bowling that had
been scheduled for the afternoon was
not called off,

The alternoon before the riot incoming
CofHP, AWS Board, and Senate leads
ets were kidnapped and takeniuncere-
moniously—to the city jaili A iew man-
aged to escape, however. They were
reported hiding in such places as the
Main Hall elevator, which they stopped
between floors.

At the jail Dali Bucks gave a speech
about his constitutional rights being vi-
olated. It was the second speech within
a week that Bucks delivered with little
or no results.

After some delicate negotiations the
inmates were allowed to place the tra-
ditional one phone call, They placed it
to the pizza place for dinner.

Book on Drug Usage on College Campuses
Cites Increased Use of ‘Poi' at Grinneli

El), NOTE: In May a book about
drugs on the college campus will be
published. The book mentions Grinnell.
Below is a preview at that book writ-
ten by James P. Herzog, a 1965 Grin-
nell graduate and former editor oi the
sen. Herzog is now at Columbia‘s grad-
uate school in journalism and is in the
same class as the author of the book
in_question.

A book scheduled for publication May
is documents drug usage on 50 college
and university campuses—one of which
is GI iltnell.

Smith Dinner Turns Sour,-
Loggia Fines Under Attack

Conduct probation was recommended
for three Smith Hall freshmen last Fri-
day by the Men's Primary Courts '

The three pleaded guilty to a charge
of violating Article II, Section I of the

Men’s House Rules. which prohibits
consumption at liquor at college social
functions '

They were.retuming from a hall din-
ner in the Amanas in the college's “cov-
ered wagon," when a cigarette was
tossed into some signal flags kept in the

bus. The bus driver, finding one of the
llags burned, confronted the three, and
deciding that they were drunk, reported
them to Dean of Men 5. Eugene Thomp-
son.

Thompson contacted Smith Hall Fresh
ident Dan Markman and the freshmen
were brought to court, where their trial
lasted only 20 minutes. Thompson could

COURT ACTION—
(Continued on Page I)

The book, One in Seven: Drugs on
campus, cites Grinnell as a typical mid-
western college where ever-increasing
amounts oi marijuana are being used.
The book is written by Richard Gold-
stein, a 21-yearold graduate student at
Columbia University.

“Grinneli is one of the many schools
in the Midwest which have groups of
city people who go out there and feel
alienated from their home environment."
says Goldsteio,

“They want immediately .to dlitel'entl-
ate themselves from the mass; so, they
very often take on a Bohemian exterior.
They form tight groups.

“Dnlgs otten play a part in these
groups. They’re one way of saying I'm
different." says the Hunter College grad-
uate.

The main reason, says Goldstein, for

POT BOOK—-
(Continued on Page 7)

ADDRESS HERE: “

 

Page Two

Scarlet and Black

GRINNILL COLLEGI
.IIMI". low-

A weekly news spar Published each Friday or the col-
lege yenr by the rinnei Committee on student Publlcr
Hons, Represented (or national advertising by Nuionul Ad-
verilskix: Service, lnc.. colleen Publishers epresenzauve.
lB Ens: 50th Street, New York 22, N31. second class Dost»
In pnld n: Grim-ell. lawn. subscription mu $5.00 Del
ucnbol year. limo naid Lubscrllluonsi

Bob Hodierno

I
ASSOCIATE mrron
OOIY EDITOR ._.
spans Ennon
FEATURE Enrron
EXCHANGE xenon
EDITORIAL LIIRARM .
CIRCULATION MANAGER
onumsmo Asslsnm
PHOTOGRAPHERS
REPORTERS ,.

rnni lndley
Libby Plnnwlu

_ Suzy will

rum Cris:

scar: rmnn. Jim Slums. ram. wait
chk Chedy, cmry 1mm, runi R. Jones, Ann ximnner.
M-ry Malcolm, Kris ann, Libby Pnunwlll, .lnne runsn.
.lurly Scan, Linnu Seckekon, Jun \vnuuker

Editorial

Grass Protest

“How far shall we carry this demonstration? I
mean are we going to sit here all night and stop eat-
ing, too?”

From a Civil Rights sit-in in Selma? From a free
speech protest at Berkeley? From a demonstration for
academic freedom at St. Johns? No, quite uncharac-
teristically this question of strategy was posed here on
our own sometimes sun-lit campus.

The cause of the protest? Asphalt blight. Or as
Millard Sheets would have described it, a lack of “cul-
tural integrity.” More simply the cause of the demone
stration was the start of construction of a new parking
lot. The proposed sight for this conflict-producing new
parking lot is just east of the already existing Burling
parking lot.

Yesterday a handful of hard core demonstrators
(already someone has suggested that they are being
manipulated by outside forces) sat on the Stump of a
now defunct elm tree and prevented construction
workers from proceeding with their work.

At the same time the demonstrations outside
were taking place a small cadre of well-trained ex-
perts (some have suggested the training took place
on a nameless Latin American island country) were
conducting negotiations with the administration.

Officially the college is taking the position that
the demonstrators can do anything they want to make
their point except slow up work on the parking lot.
Unofficially they are saying that nothing must he done
to slow-up Grinnell’s entrance into the parking lot
race.

"We have a parking lot gap and we know it,” said
one official who wanted his name withheld. “What are
we going to do, say, if Carleton or Oberlin or Antioch
gets ahead of us in parking lot space, How do you
think that’s going to affect the uncommitted high
school students?”

The demonstrators, meanwhile, were making
plans for camping at the construction site. “We aren't
trying to hurt the college‘s position with regard to the
uncommitted high school students,” said a spokesman
for the unusually clean~cut student group. “All we
want to do is preserve the grass. It’s a moral issue for
us and has nothing to do with intercollegiate rivalry.”

The demonstrators also speak of the cost of such
a program. “Do you know how many tulips you could
buy with the money they’re spending on the asphalt?”

At cocktail parties officials will confide 7 strict—
ly off the record if that they too don’t see the impor-
tance of narrowing the parking lot gap. They are quick
to add, however, that it would involve great loss of
face if we were to pull out at this late date. “We have
committed ourselves to being able to accommodate
just as much chrome as other schools. We can’t be con-
sidered a second rate power.”

SCARHT AND BLACK

—— Doug McCormac

Friday. April 19. new

The Grudge Pot

l lihally made the scene. I hadn't wanted in.
George said u great many amusing, fascinat—
ing, lively, important people would be there;
no I accepted the challenge of boredom and
drove through the quiet village streets to the
house on the little hill.

Mary took my coat at the door, and I never
law it again. I never saw Mary again, either,
although she was a nice girl. She had a slight
lisp which turned out to he leprosy, and on
some weekends Arthur or Morry pretend to
visit her at the sanitorlum. We all miss her
infectious lisp.

George introduced me in a stranger who
claimed that the world was to end in 90 days.
After he had had his vision of this event, he
decided not to shave till Doomsday, and the
stubble already made him look like a bum.

I sat in a comiortable chair in the corner of
a huge, empty room and waited for the inn
to begin. The roaring lire in [he screenedﬂﬂ
ﬁreplace was Cinders by the time a handsome
young man hobbled across the rug (in crutches.
and he paused in from of me.

Silently, i tried in ignore him, but he would
not leave. l pretended to awake from a nap
and glanced up and said. “Hello, who are you?
What happened to you?"

“I’m Fred,” he replied cheerfully. “I use
crutches to symbolize and dramatize the fact
that] am an embrinnul cripple. These crutches

represent the psychological disorders, and they
serve to demonstrate the need for understand-
ing and assistance that all of my type share."

“What would happen it I grabbed one or
those crutches and threw it HCNSS the room?"
I asked, my interest somewhat aroused.

"I would fall." he answered Immediately.
“But,“ he added, “someday I may lay them
aside of my own accord — or maybe I won't.
It all depends on the situation — if ii-wiil
have some world-wide effect, a dramatic sav-
ing gesture or something of that son,"

He slumped in the ﬂoor and crossed his legs.
seeming very depressed. “Why doesn’t some-
one else join the cause?" he asked Without
wanting a reply. “Damnahle sticks!” He
ﬂung the crutches toward the ﬁreplace.

“This is an age that lacks relevance," said
Constance Duggs, as she sneaked up and be
gan strangling poor Fred. '

“Gasp' Glul'pl Blah!” choked Fred. He
wrilhed on the floor like a dumb eel pulled out
of water, and his lace tumed while, then
purple. But Constance Doggs controlled him,
her long tenticlerlike fingers entwined about
his neck.

\Vhen Fred was dead, i asked. “Wily did you
do that. Constance Doggs?”

“This is an age that wants relevance," she
replied and commenced strangling me, while
Visions of eschatology, like sugarplums, danced
in my head,

llIIiIllllllilllllllilliiiiiliiiillilliliilllliilllllllllllllllliiilllliliillillllliilllllliillllllllillllllliillllllliilllillliilllllliillllllillillllli

Study Finds Protesters Primaril y
(unearned Wit/i Campus Problems

By ANN KIRSCHNER

Recent reports have indicated that across
the country, niimms on college students‘ Cull-
nary tastes have sparked almost as many
demonstrations as has discrimination in the
South, and that protests against the war in
Viei Nam have barely been more widespread
than those against dormitory regulations.

The Scope oi Organized Student Protest in
193445, published by Educational Testing
Service in Princeton. N.J,, has altered some
statistics on the subject. They are based on
the answers given by deans oi students at 849
oi the country's 1,000 tour-year colleges and
universities, The study Was Wriiiei‘i by Rich-
ard E. Peterson. an ETS associate research
psychologist,

Peterson based his results oil the examina-

letters.
Loggia Locking

T0 the EdilOI':

North Campus Arise! An iupisiice is being
done. The women were given 15 minutes grace
to gel nun [he Loggia Why aren’t an given
15 minutes grace to gel our? The prlnClple is
the same. if AWS can give a little grace lol'
the women, why can't ihey iur the men?

Alan Hanawalt

Photos Praised

To the Ediiur:

l hall: s..n Henrv Wilhelm’s photo
5 nnc exhibit. The range and depth at his
walk have iinally been given representation.
Photography as a part of [he graphic arts
has been somewhat neglected. wllhelm's
work is at high proiessionnl qunhiy and
should do much to encourage interest in this
area. ll is to his and the college’s credit
ihar such an exhibit has been presented.

Hank Balikov

(ion of 27 issues. He found that in all of the
issues, no more than eight per cent of the dif-
ferent student bodies were involved in protests.
The top PIOIESL figure was in response to (lor-
niuory rules. Second in line were complaints
about liquor rules,

or the 849 colleges questioned, 38 per cent
reported prolesls over civil rights, but these
demonstrations included only six per cent of
the students. Twenty-live per cent or me col<
ieges had undergone protests about loud, in-
VOlVing under 7 per Cent of the students. Less
than 5 per cent of the students at 21 per cent
or the colleges had demonstrated against lhe
war in Viet Nam. Twentyreigllt per cent or the
institutions reported protests in the South in the
summer of 1964, but only 4 per cent of the stu-
dents were engaged in Southem civil riglns
work. This is half as many siudenis as par-
iiClpaicd m quarrels over dormiroiy rules.

“Relatively iew smdenis were engaged in
protesting mailers dealing with insll‘uclion,
raculiy, and ireedom of expl‘essxon at lhe rein
lively iew colleges where such pmresrs were
in fact reported," says the Peterson slurly.
Seven per cent oi lhe colleges reported pru
tests on behalf oi academic freedom for pro-
iessors, and 4 per cent on rules regarding con—
troversial speakers.

Developments, published by the Educational
Testing Service, commented that the results
oi the study “make clear that the demise of
apathy has been exaggerated.” It also Said,
“At preseni, then, the much-vaunted strident
protest movement seems in be neither a sun-
rise nor a conflagration, but only a flickering
candle." However, Peterson himself says,
“There obviously are substantial numbers of
students Willing lo make known publicly [heir
antagonism lo existing situations 7 especially
those situations where [here is a perceived
moral contradiction or hypocrisy. And there is
every indication that the numbers or student
activists have been multiplying in the past
live years," He also says, “The Current surge
oi student unrest and active protest must cer-
laiiily be among the most significant develop-
menis in higher education, perhaps in Ameris
can soClety, oi the mid-19605."

 

Frid-y. April 29. ms

SCARLET 5ND ILACK

 

Emeritus Rank at End of Your
ForMiss Gardner, Robertson

Two tacuity members Will assume ein-
el‘ltlls rank when the current academic

year ends on Commencement Day, May
27.

They are Miss Evelyn Gardner, who
Will become protessor emeriia oi Eng-
lish, and or. George M, Robertson, who
will be professor emeritus oi biology,

Miss Gardner, who joined the lacuity
In 1933, also served as dean of women
10r30 years, from 1933 to 1963. A grad~
uate oi Beloit, with an MA. trom Rad<
ciilte. she taught at Carleton, Pomona
College and the College of Emporia be-
Iore coming to Grinnen.

Following her retirement iroin full—
time teaching, Miss Gardner plans to
travel for several months this (all. lirsl
to Japan and other parts of the Orient
and then to Australia and New Zea—
lalld. She herself is a native of England,
and in Australia She will visit Cousins.
It will be her ﬁrst trip to that part ot
the world, although she has made sev-
eral trips to Europe.

Robertson, though retiring from the
crinuell faculty which he joined in 1948,

is looking forward to an unusual con-
tinuation of his leaching career. He will
become professor of biology at Prescott
(Ariz.> College. a new institution which
will open this tall with a freshman Class
on a campus now being constructed just
north of Prescott. It is the newest of
the colleges sponsored by the United
Church of Chrisl.

Prior to serving 18 years on the Grin-
nell faculty, Robertson had taught at
several other schools and colleges, in
cluding 10 years at Fort Hays Kansas
State College and 15 years at Dartmouth
College. He holds bachelor's degrees
from Carleton and from North Dakota
Agricultural College (now North Dakota
state University), an MA, from Dart-
mouth College, and a PhD. from Yale.

Two others have been given emeritus
status during the past year, both of
them being librarians with taculty rank
as instructors. Last summer, Mrs, Helen
Blair Hammond, loan librarian, retired
alter being on the stair since 1948, and.
at the end or the ﬁrst semester, Miss
Lois Davidson, relerence librarian, re-
tired after serving since 1942.

Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra To Give
Dillerenl Matinee. Evening Performances

Two dilierent programs will be played
by the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra
under the direction at Siansilaw Skl'owa-
ezewski tomorrow in Roberts Theatre,
Periornianccs will be at 3:30 pm. and
at 8 pin.

Joint sponsors or the Symphony's ap-
peui-ances here are Mr, and Mrs. Dr-
Ville L. Routt at Los Angeles, who are
both 1903 graduates oi Grlnllell, the 1935—
66 College Concert Series, and the Slu-
dent Coinmittec on Concerts

included in the matinee program will
be Bel‘lioz' overture, “La Corsair-e,"
Opus 21; Dvoi'alc’s Symphony NO. 4 in

Service QM"

G Major, Opus 88; Hindemith’s “Sym-
phonic Metamorphosis on Thenie s ot
Carl Maria Von Weber"; and Ravel’s
“La Valse."

0n the evening program will be voii
Weber's overture, “The Ruler at the
Spirits"; the Bartok Suite from the
pantomime “The Miraculous Mandarin,"
Opus 19; “Iberia,” from Debussy’s “Im-
ages”; and the Brahms Symphony No.
2 in D Major, Opus 73.

Admission will be by advance reset”
vation with activity ticket only.

According to a New York Times article
of Feb. 13, 1965, the formation oi the
Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra in
1903, and Its subsequent rise to the fore-
front 0] (me orchestral ensembles, close-
ly parallels the cultural and artistic
growth of our nation. Noted as one of
the most widely traveled orchestras in
the United States, the Minneapolis Sym.
phony made its initial tour in 1906, vi-
siting a iew communities near the Twin
Cities area. The Orchestra now plays
annually to approximately 150,000 patrons
at seventy concerts while on tour and
averages 175,000 patrons at sixty con<
certs during its home season.”

The Times article Went on to say “The
Orchestra's present conductor, Maestro
Stanislaw Skrowaezewski, has, during
the past hive years, put his own unique
stamp on the sound which comes from
this great ensemhie. Former music di<
rector of the National Philharmonic 0!
Poland, Maestro Skl‘owaczewski has
scored tremendous successes in guest—
Conducting engagements with the
orchestras of Cleveland, Philadelphia,
New York, Pittsburgh, Berlin, Amster-
dam, London, Paris, and Rome.

 

Slop Worrying About Campus Problems

long enough to hike out M Grinnell's fun gift shop

TOWN and COUNTRY

where you'll have no problem timing the ideal can let Moiher. Mother's
Day is May it.

FREE GIFT WRAPPING FOR MAILING

2020 4th Ave. (just easfof St. Francis Hospital)
Open 9:30-5:30. Fridays Io 9—Plione 236-4598

Exchange Column

Amherst Trustees Grant
College Council Authority

Trustees oi Amherst College have ap-
proved n college council proposal which
gives' that body jurisdiction over all so
ciai regulations. Thus open hall decisions
altecting all students will be made by
one guvemlng group consisting only or
laculty members and students.

Soon "alter the trustee meeting the col-
lege council extended open hours until
11:30 pm. Monday through Friday. Al<
though Amherst is a men’s school, it has
two Women's schools and a university
within walking distance.

The college council will be composed
or about an equal number of students
and laculty; the students to be chosen by
the council members.

1231. vs. SDS

The F.B.I. has approached the Dean oi
Wesleyan with requests tor a member-
ship list of the Wesleyan chapter of Stu-
dents ior a Democratic Society (SDS).
This particular chapter has been quite
active in demonstrations against us. in-
volvemenl. in Viet Nam.

The dean refused to Cooperate stating
that his ofﬁce would not have given the
government any such list because “we

never volunteer such information, We
consider the student’s activity his own
affair.”

That week in an article in the Wesley.
an paper, members of the SDS chapter
asked the RBI. to “have its agents di-
rectly question the individuals con-
cerned.” The article also alluded to the
F.B.I. interviews of roommates of Yale
SDS members to determine the nature
ct political heliels and personalities there.

No Nixon Degree

Former Vice President Richard Nixon
will not accept an honorary degree from
the University of Rochester although he
will speak at its commencement‘

Students and faculty had opposed the
administration's decision to give him an
honorary degree at their June Com-
mencemeiit. They felt that several of
Nixon's speeches against viet Nam had
been too outspoken in the view against
total academic freedom.

However, Nixon, who was tirst invited
to speak at the commencement last July,
has decided lo reiuse die honorary de-
gree but speak anyway at Rochester:
June commencement. He Will speak on
”Academic Freedom.”

 

FIGHT POVERTY
— WORK!

Join the parade lo the Place—
ment Olliee to gel inspiration
an—

Lifelime of Summer

Sales Program.

We offer Cash Scholarships of
‘ $500 - $750 - $1.000 - $1.500.

Help keep America Green —
Make money this summer.

WE'LL he HAFPY w ‘I'ELL Vou AlL
”our ouR PROGRAM. coNrAcr
YOUR Joli PLACEMENT OFFICE
FOR AN INTERVIEW.

Iowa's

Oh! Yummiel

HANSEN'S
DANISH MAID

 

Store Your Clothes
With Meekers

Here are the added conveniences and protection
you will receive if you store your garments with

Meekers.

Day or night taxi service. Free when you ride with your clothes.

Insured against math and mildew damage. 2% of declared value.

Insured against fire or the".

Ask for free handy item and valuation lisi. At your campus agent.

We will return the order to your college campus agent this (all as
directed. He or she will receive full commission.

Seventy-nine years of continuous laundry and cleaning experience.
Freshly pressed and ready to wear in the full. (Except store only)
8. You may also ride downtown to Meekers with your clothes at NO

COST TO YOU.

9. Store only available at 4% of declared value.

MEEKER lAUN-DRY CLEANERS

10l9‘/2 Broad SL. Grinnelll Iowa 50!”

 

his. Four

SCARLET AND BLACK

Announce Student Art Awards

The annual art awards were
Innounced Sunday by judge
Millard Sheets. Monetary prizes
were awarded this year on the
basis of all the students' work,
not for one object or painting.

The winners of the Inez Hen-
ley Memorial Prizes for Point-

ing were Barbara Siebenschuh,
Caroline Scheaffer, and Han-
nah Hollister. The Henry-York
Steiner Memorial Prizes for
Creative Art were awarded to
Tarra Hooliham, John Whit-
ney, and Diana Rondeau.

The art festival continued

Sunday wlth a reception at the
home of Robert McMillan (art)
and concluded on Tuesday with
a watercolor demonstration by
Sheets. The winning exhibits
as well as other student
works are currently on display
in Schaetfer Gallery.

 

Who to your ideal date? Thousands use Central Control and its high-speed
computer tor a live, tlosh-and~blood answer to this question.

. Your Ideal date - such a person exists, of course.
But how to get acquainted? Our Central Control computer
processes 10.000 names an hour. How long would it take
you to meet and form an opinion ot that many people?

You will be matched with live ideally suited persons
of the opposite sex, right in your own locale (or in any
area of the tJ.S. you specify). Simply, send $3.00 to Central
Control for your questionnaire. Each of the» live will he
as pertectly matched with you in interests, outlook and
‘llackgrounlt as computer science makes possible.

Central Control is nationwide, but its programs are
completely localized. Hundreds ot thousands of vigorous
and alert subscribers, all sharing the desire to meet their
ideal dates, have found computer dating to be exciting and

highly acceptable.

All live of your ideal dates will lie delighttul. So
‘ hurry and send your $3.00 tor your questionnaire.

CENTRAL CONTROL, Inc.

22 Park Avenue 0 Dklatlorna city, Oklahoma

 

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

your money with

a good home!

GRINNELL FEDERAL

Savings and Loon Association

When you've a little to spare. open an account at Grinnell Federal. You'll like

doing business in the modern, new building.

C Your money earns at the planned rate of 4 ”8% per year.

0 Your money is readily available if needed.

0 Your nroney ls Insured safe . . . each account is insured up to 510.000

by F.S.l:.l.c.

lpeclol note to organization treasure": It you have a rurplus in your treasury

[however small), open on account and let your money work instead of ro-

molning idlo.

:93,»

I025 Main Street I Grinnell. Iowa 0 Phone 5l5 2364”]

E

Grinnell Federal - Savings circa. E
- W E

.i

lllllllillllllllllllllllliltltlllllltlllllllillllllllllll||Illlllll|dilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllﬂllllllllllllllllllll‘tltl

Friday. April 29. lm

‘llncertainties’ in American Society
May Deter 05. Cultural leadership

By LINDA SECKELSON

Millard Sheets, noted painter
and educator on the West
Coast, lectured last Monday eve-
hing on “American Painting and
Culture in 1966." Sheets feels
that American art has evolved
into a new phase since 1925,
a phase of searching, charac«
terized by a liner sense of aes‘
thetic organization. He noted
that the arts today are at a
peak with regard to public re—
sponse, due to the continuously
evolving Search for new means
of expression.

Sheets’ primary concern was
with art in a social context:
the social "function” of art
and the role of American
culture in the world. He said
that arts supply the connective
tissue oi existence, and serve
to bridge the dlcllolumy be.
tween the realms of the human-
ities and the sClences by creat<
ilig new means iui communica-
lieu,

But despite the public suc-
cess of American an, Sheets
feels that the present cultural
situation is a precarious one.
Are we, in 1966, at the hegili<
mng or the end of a peak in
cultural excellence? The con-
flicting ditterences in values,
feelings, alld beliefs, the com-
plex of uncertainties which
characterize American society
are, Sheets teels, a potential de-
terrent to American cultural
leadership in the world.

"Our society is sick with on»
bearable pressure” . . . which
affects our cultural stature di-
rectly and indirectly through in
eitecc on the quality of politi-
cal leadership, education, and
the creative arts. Political
leadership today suffers from
lack of cultural understanding,
from mediocrity of mind and
ability. Education suffers in
that its objective seems to be
conformity. And formal educa-
tion in the creative arts lacks
enough emphasis on a complete
knowledge of form and stnlcture
in the legacy of Western and
noanestern art.

Sheets feels that the United
States' is or: “Cultural trlal"
with regard to the rest of the
world, that there must be a re-
vitalization of the democratic
system, and the establishment
of a deeper understanding of
ulhel’ peoples. But of priinaiy
importance is the necessity of
recapturing spiritual balance
in order for America to emerge
as a cultural leader.

Sheets made nu mention of
“American painting in 1956” as
he indicated he would in his
title. His concern about the
“sickness" or Amrican society
and its effect on culture was
sincere and valid. But his
cliche-ridden handling of the
role of the artist in relation to
all of the above points made
one think that he grabbed the
wrong speech belore jumping
on the plane in Grinnell.

Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllglllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

News Briefs

Senior Gift

Solicitation ot seniors for
Class gilt Contributions will be-
glrl soon under direction of the
S e n i o r Commencement Com<
miltee. The campaign will Con-
clllde May 11.

Committee members h a v e
chosen to deviate from the tra-
dilional class gift or something
for the campus, and use the
money instead im- the LeMoyne
Fund and/or books [or the li-
brary. In donating, seniors may
specify a preference for the
gift.

The Commencement Commit
tee. recently appointed by Chris
Peterson and Jerry Goddard,
consists of Chairman Eldon
Franz, Bob McCord, John ShleP
holz, Jerrilynn Johnson, and
Barbara Boardway. The possi-
bilily of an outdoor commence-
ment is also presently under
Consideration.

Dithyrumb

Dllhyl‘ﬂmb “0n the Dark
Side" opens for - one-night
stlnd tomorrow liter the Min-
neapulis Orchestra Concert. The
world famous Blll McGlnty
Quintet will be appearing for
dancing Ind several renowned
entertainers will be present for
the patrons‘ entertulnment. The
nightclub opens its doors at 10
p.m. on Barber Plaza unless
the woulher forblds. in which
case it will be ill Loose Lounge.
Tickets are one dollar at the
Forum desk, but they will be
available at the rtoor for §l.15.

Friars Coffee

“The ‘New‘ Radicalisnl" will
be the topic or a coffee hour
talk by University at Iowa his-
torian Christopher Lasch. The
Monday coffee hour will he
sponsored by uie Friars and
will he held at 4 pun. in the
South Lounge at the Forum.
Richard Hufstadter said that
“Lasch promises in be one of
our major commentators on
America.“

‘Dream Play’

A u g u s r Strindbel‘g's The
Dream Play will he presented
by the Grinnell Players next:
Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday at 8 pm.

The Swedish play/Wright's
masterpiece has been especial-
ly adapted tor Grinnell's Arena
Theatre with an unusual ap-
proach by the Cast and tech-
nicians.

Directed by Howard Petis
Fleming Flamed III, the play
features Tanya Hovanessian,
Max Helfgott, Rick Rolilk. and
Bill Downey in lead roles.

Star Gazing

A public astronomy viewing
5 e s s i n n with Grinnell’s new
Questar telescope will be given,
weather permitting, by amatair,
astronomer Malcolm N e l a o n
(English) Monday nightut 9:00
on Ward Field.

All students, iacnlty. and fan-
ulty tamilies are invited lot the
session which will last about an
hour. ‘ , . .

 

Friday, April 29. ms

The Liberal Liberal Arts College and Its Students: Part II

SCARLET AND BLACK

Carleton} 'liberalism' limited to Acudemi 5

ED. NOTE: In this second in a series
on the “Liberal Liberal Arts College
and Its Students," Burdette (Bird)
Loomis, at Carleton junior government
major, expounds on two factors which
he thinks inhibit Carleton‘s progress
as a “liberal" college — the nll-lrnpor.
taut gradepolnt and the “disturbingly
Midwestern morals."

The statement of aims in the 1966
Carleton College Catalog concludes:

Through emphasis on moral sensi-
tivity, intellectual excellence, and
commitment to goals which extend
beyond the sell, the College wants to
help its students develop their abil<
ity to make critical and independent
judgments and to act responsi-
bly within any society. It hopes that
they will enhance their clVllizauon
with the works of their reason and
imagination and that they will chal-
lenge any threat to the freedom and
dignity of man.
it is signiﬁcant to today’s Carleton

that “moral sensitivity” precedes “intel-
lectual excellence” in the above par

graph. Every student knows that Carle-
ton emphasizes intellectual excellence; if
they don’t know upon arrival, the work
load soon leaves them with no doubt
as to the truth of this proposition, But

Viet Nam-and many students react
instinctively by burying themselves in
their work.

A considerable amount of studying at
Carleton thus seems to be motivated by
fear—fear oi the capabilities of 1300
other bright people, fear of not getting
into the (or any) grad school. and per-
haps a tear of experience, substituting
in its place the safety of learning from
books But every college has its 3C3-
demic pressures, and although Carlee
ton’s high standards produce a lot of
anxieties, 75 per cent of all entering Carla
graduate, so the pressure is hardly un-
bearable.

While Carieton's academic position is
generally well-deﬁned, its social posture
is ill a state of serious flux. Carleton,
like its students. is going through an
"identity Crisis." Carleton has looked tor
ltselt during most of the past decade,
is still searching, and may or may not
find itself in the next few years. The
social situation at Carleton today is one
of compromise. There are a limited
number of open houses each week, wo-
men’s hours have been somewhat libel“
aiized, and while talk about sex is en-
couraged, the college has tound it neces-
sal‘y to take a position in opposllion to
premarital intercourse.

A rather lopsided balance of feeling
exists in that the students and a large

AN ART WORKSHOP is part at Carleton'r "well-defined" academic posi-
tion. It is the "social posture" that "is in a state of rerisos flux." accord-

to writer Loomir.

wen to a greater extent each student can

.feel, if he allows himself, that Carleton
wants to imbue everyone with that kind
of “moral sensitivity" which the college
thinks is the best, Unfortunately the
morals turn out to be disturbingly Mid-
western.

First, in regard to “intellectual ex-
cellence," Carleton is generally rec-
ognized as a “good, small liberal arts
college" (whatever that means); the at:-
ldemlc program is properly heavy for
such an institution, and the faculty is
generally excellent. Everyone feels an
amound of pressure. produced mainly by
the looming: of graduate school .an/or

segment of the faculty are for more lib~
eral than the administration. One major
reason for this is that while the Carle-
ton student body is natinnal in composi-
tion, the money to run the college comes
from an older and more conservative
Carleton generation, which lives and al-
ways has lived in the Midwest.

The attitudes of the Midwest also play
a large role in the social realm of
Carleton lite. Northﬁeld (until two years
ago known as the town of “cows, col-
leges, and contentment") is the usual
bastion of conservatism. and, by God,
the college can’t allow its students to
offend» the townies. The atmosphere of

Northfield and the whole Midwest is tak-
en too seriously by the college; with
dynamic leadership Carleton could suc-
cessfully set itself apart from the re-
straints superﬁcially imposed by geog-
raphy.

But time after time students hear the
same administration objection — don’t
otiend those who support the college.
Don’t oiiend, don't risk, do disagree if
you want. but not too loudly. This is all
great encouragement to that individual
who is supposedly learning how to make
“critical and independent judgments"

What about these ”Critical and inde-
pendent judgments” that the college de-
sires the student to make? 0K, great.

losers on the Carleton scene are the
people who are concerned about the col-
lege and its tuture. This segment untor~
tunately seems to be dwindling as ad-
missions poiicies and disillusionment thin
the rank of dissenters.

Action Party, a. formerly successful
political organization of the Leif, did a
quiet death earlier this year, and al-
though an SDS chapter has spmng up
for Action members, the locus of their
thinking is almost entirely toward off-
campus issues. The college newspaper
is filled with the usual accepted (and
too-often hackneyed) liberal thought, and
there is a definite need tor a sharp,
satirical publication which might stir

"COWS. COLLEGES, AND CONTENTMENT" were Norihtield's attrac-
tions. This and Midwestern Conservatism are telren too seriously by Carla-

ton says Loomis.

Noble aims and all that. But when stu—
dents propose a community government
\vlll the college listen? Will the admis-
sions office take a chance on that bright
boy who might become an activist: Or
will it settle on that nice, alkaround boy
who probably won't cause any trouble?
Whenever a problem comes up at Carle-
ton that appears to call tor a decision,
it is immediately referred to a com<
mittee, and it necessary, a new com-

mittee is formed to study the problem"

There is a committee for everything——
a Student Long Range Planning Com-
mittee, a Faculty Long Range Planning
Committee, a StudentvFaculty . Admin-
istration Council, a Faculty-Administra-
tloanruslee Council (aptly abbreviated
FAT), and dozens more.

The four committees above have all
evolved in the past few years because
no one seems to want to make a deci-
sion. The present president has tried to
be a democrat in the totalitarian frame-
work of administration set up by his
predecessor. Thus, more committees
are created every week in response to
the need tor a place tor each new idea
to be reterred and (in all probability)
shelved.

Lost in this endless proliferation of
of committees, compromise, and inde-
cision is that individual who is paying
$2600 a year to attend Carleton. Why
is the student content to apathetically
live with this all too real muddle?

First, there is the demanding academ-
lc program. For many people the grade
point is the be—all and endrall of col-
lege liter Carleton has more than its
share of these people (commonly labeled
“superbookers"), but this group would
not be active on any campus. Themed]

up some tresh ideas. Memories ot harsh
administration action toward a previous
publication and a lack in creative talent
have combined to effectively silence this
possible outlet of criticism and vitality.

AS there are neither fraternities nor
cars at Carleton, students must lute-
grate themselves into the lite ot the
college to a considerable extent. How-
ever, atter seeing the same issues hag-
gled over for years on end (i,e., open
houses, women’s hours, in loco parentis)
most Carls tend to ignOle the identifi-
cation problems or the college and con-
centrate inwardly toward their books
and social life or toward the Outside
world. Thus the administration is tree to
wander toward whatever policy it ieeis
that the students will accept. This is
why the Carleton identification problem
may not be solved tor a long time. Only
a small part of the student body is
willing to try to argue and moan in
order to make the administration talk
about what should have been carved
years ago.

So—tor a college with an excellent lib-
eral tradition in academics, Carleton is
not working nearly hard enough to cre-
ate an equally liberal climate tor social
thought. The “moral sensitivity” of the
college and the inditrerence of most of
the students toward changing the col-
lege social situation leave the fate of
Carleton’s identity Still to be decided.

Perhaps it will take a new president.
perhaps a new climate of opinion among
students, but what is a certainty is that
Carleton needs a sense of direction in
the social sphere Similar to the sense
of purpose its academics have long pos—
sessed.

 

l Page Six

SCARLET AND ILACK

Friday. Aprii zit. mo

 

} Court Action

(Continued from Page i)

have handled the case through adminis»
tration channels but chose the student
Court instead

The Court asked t h e In if they
thought that they were being uniairly
singled out. All three replied no.

Acting as prosecutor. CDIHP Presi—
dent Bob Foote asked ior conduct pro-
bation until midsemester break of next
year‘s fall semester. in making its de<
cisiﬂn, the Court felt that “the serious-
ness of the violation, involving an es
tablished college rule warrants a
recommendation of conduct probation,
and iurthei- that such probation should

deﬁnitely extend beyond the remainder
of this semester.

in other court action, the new policy
oi the Men's Court imposing an auto
matic fine of ﬁrm—actually $10, $8.50 of
which is suspended—tor men locked in
the women's loggia up (0 ten minutes
aiier closing, came under lire last
week.

Former West Norris Hall President
John Black entered an appeal to the
High Court, after two West Norris men
were notified of fines for being locked
in the loggia. 1

Johnson, Heilbron Win
Hill Speaking Contest

Sylvia Johnson and Richard Heilbron
took top honors in the annual Hill Speak-
ing Contest held last Tuesday in the
Forum’s South Lounge, Other Winners in
‘ a women's division were Elizabeth
Mdl‘nstine, second place; and Cindy
Nagel, third place. in the men's divi-
sion David SChl‘eCk and Russell Allen
tied for second and third,

Miss Johnson's speech topic was “Fu-
neral Practices in the US.” It was main-
1y a criticism oi the policy or embalrn-
ing. Heilbron spoke on the "US, Policy
toward Red China," advocating recogni-
tion of Red China by the U.S. and th
admission to the UN. He argued inr-
ther that the United States should not
try to contain Red China's influence in
Asian affairs,

Last year's winner in the women's di-
i7ision, Cheri Joiner, was chairman or

the contest. William Roecker (German),
Herbert Prescott (English), and Wil-
liam Vanderpool (speech and theatre)
served as judges.

 

W/////

The Tasty Pastry Shop

iUSCONT CNTEER

STERISOL

MOUTH WASH

Reg. 69: 39‘
WOODBURY

SHAMPOO

Reg. $1.00 40‘

METRECAL
6 cans 5' 59

RENEW SELTZER
Reg. 69: 45‘

FRESH SPRAY

DEODORANT

leg. $1.25 15‘
FLORAL PRINT

TOILET TISSUE

2 rails 25‘

MEN’S HOSIERY
44‘ in

COVER ﬁIRL
Reg. $1.50 98‘

} Senate

(Continued from Page I)

mittee and two social chairmen from
each campus. The committee will re.
imburse halls which hold social events
with other halls.

Social Coordinator Bob Johnston liad
explained in his report that the reason
for the fund was "Io improve the social
life at Grinnell” and “to keep the money
out of the hand of BXzG." He hopes the
iund will encourage more originality and
greater contact between halls.

Coil-[P President Bob Foote also de-
terided the tund, saying that the hind
was designed to break down some of
the barriers between halls.

Only two Senators spoke in support or
Wezelman's amendment. and the Senate
deleated it by a voice vote.

The Senate then approved the entire
budget without iurther debate.

Another major change imm last year
was to appropriate 5400 to partially
sponsor the merger oi Grinnell Review
and Nails into a "literary and artistic
journal” at stiident and iaculiy contribu—
tions.

In the Social budget 31500 was added
to the Concerts to make up ior iiicreas<
ing costs, and $800 was added to Gade
abouts to make possible two iorinai
dances next year.

The proposal to continue affiliation
with the National Studenl Association
was also approved wiihout discussion.
Last year after a heated debate NSA
was Continued by a vote at 19-18.

George Witrgrai, NSA Coordinator, ex-
plained two practical benefits of NSA
membership: the NSA insurance trust
and the International Student ID Cards.
which are both available at reduced
rates, and the potentialities for political
involvement.

“Under Milkwood’
featured Tonight

Under Milkwood opens tonight at it
pro. for a single periormance in Ron-
erts’ Theatre.

Under Mllkwood, a play (or voices,
is shortened and adapted to stage by
director Ned Donahue, who also directed
the iirst staged production in this Colin»
try in 1953 at Bennington College.

Donahoe's cast is headed by Sue Monto
and Jeit Garland, as narrating voices.
Joining them in commenting on the
people of the little town at Milkwnod is
the blind Captain Cat, played by Terry
McCoy.

The play is set on a spring day, from
dawn to dusk, in a town in Wales. The
town is mad, the people in it are mad,
and Thomas loves them that way.
Under Miiiiwood ranges irorn absurdiiy
to pathos, with little breathing space in
between.

The play will run about an hour and
a halt. No tickets are required.

SDX Elects Hodierne
As ’66—’67 President

Monday Sigma Delta Chi, the men's
professional journalism society, I|i<
ducted {our new members and elected
nexr year’s officers.

inducted into the society were i-ienry
Wilhelm, John Phillips, Harold Fuson,
and Alan Axelrod. Bob Hodierne was
elected president and Harold Fuson was
elected vice president.

WHERE YOH NEVER

PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT

PRICES SAVE YOU MORE

816 5th Ave.
Grinnell. iowa

BRYLCREAM

HAIR DRESSING

Reg. 54¢ 33‘
MODESS

SANITARY NAPKINS
Pk. of 43 5" 1 1

FILLER PAPER
300 sheets 51‘

BRECK SPRAY
Reg. $l.50 93‘

9 mm. to 7 p.rn. Friday

STORE
HOURSt 9 mm. to 8 pun. Mom, Tues“

Wed.. Thurs.. Sal.

DENTUR

CREAM FOR DENTURES

it... 19c 49‘
SEAMLESS MESH

NYLONS

it... 99: 51'

ICE-O-DERM
Reg. 98: 11‘

SHORT SLEEVE

SHIRTS
Reg. 5m 91'

 

Friday. April 29. like

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Seven

 

) Pot Book

(Cnntlnued from Page 1)
the students’ use of marijuana is their
“isolation." He believes drug usage has
spread from the Bohemian groups to
others.
in his book, Goidstein makes no esti-
mate as to how many student: at Grin-

nell use pot. But he says, “Around the
country about one out of seven use pot."
, President Glenn Leggett is one of the
first persons to have ordered the book
lrom Walker and Co. in New York.
Parts of the book will be serialized
in a twopart article scheduled to he pub-
lishcd in the Saturday Evening Post May
10 and May 24. One of the articles will
mention Grinnell.

. Goidstein lays he has spent close to a
year in researching the book. During
that time he visited is of the 50 col-
leges. However, he did not go to Grin-
nell.

The author, who earlier published an
Irh'cle on drugs in Moderator, says he
wrote the book on the basis or Inter-
views with over 350 persons who had
“first-hand contact with dmgs." He
says he also made visits to colleges and
lent questionnaires to administrators,
police, health oiiieiais, student newspn-
pers, and other contacts.

“Fifteen per cent of all students have
tried marijuana once," says Goldstein.
“I don't think this is an outrageous
estimate. He says a University ot Cal-
ifornia dean at Berkeley told him half
the students there have used marijuana.

And a dean at Columbia College said
one third of the students have used pot.

The ore-publication reaction to the
hook has already caused the change of
the title and of one chapter heading.
Originally named Hey Mr. Tambourine
Man: Drug: on Campus, the title was
changed atter Bob Dylan threatened to
sue. Also I chapter entitled “Pot and
the Pepsi Generation" was changed at
the request at the Pepsi Co.

Goldstein, who will receive I M.S. de-
gree in journalism in June, says he
was subjected to other pressures in writ-
ing the book. "My phone was tapped."
he says. “It started a couple of days
after i talked to the New York narcotics
squad.”

But he says the marijuana users and

‘ dealers he talked to were the one: “win:
lace a real risk."

The conclusion Goldstein draws on,
marijuana usage is that it is “relative-
ly harmless." Alter marijuana he says.
“college students sometimes graduate
to psychedelic drugs."

Goidstein maintains, "college students
share their parents’ horror of heroin."

He reiterates, “This is the first gen-
eration to face an opening up or the
drug scene. Dmgs have crept into the
popular culture.“

PHOTO CREDITS

Pale l: Hodicrne
Page a: Carleton PR
Pan 3: Hadleniz

 

For School or
Typewriter
Supplies

Grinnell
Office Supply

Across iron: the Post Office
GRINNELL. IOWA

GLASSES

Made and Repaired
in Our Laboratory

Contact Lenses

Cases and
Solutions

Eyes Exol mined
Phone 236-3979

E. J. Jensen, O.D.

OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Ofﬁce

Closed l’hurs. PM.
and Set. PM.

“in, as mm mm, tho rm n dymg
berm am eyes, the coroner's var-
dict may well be: Killed with lunch
nets. A messianic nptimlfrl'l ma um
rm, organization was the only hope
in: uniting world problems; .1 must,
therefore, be preserved at .1: costs.
Eu! on cart or preserving the great
problem»mlvar has been, ironically,
to insulate n 1mm .11 Contact mm
problems that ”nun cause it {a Iail.
1: has become
line” one or the m a he: may el m.
pmh/emmeod. (mm in“ of NA-
ing minim" 'v TlONAl arwsw, m.
to u. t cm no r.

Patronize Our
Advertisers

 

nil.

THE ADVENTURES Vor

PAM AUSTIN

CHAPTER SIX

"Coronet saves ‘the day

Last time, we left Pam, hang-
ing way out. on a limb . .
with only one way to go.

Alas! Is there nothing to
save her from "Boredom Falls"?

Wait. Coming through that
cloud of dust! Those suave

, good looks. That strong;

silent demeanor. That mighty
V8 power. . ' ..

Those oomfort-conto red bucket
seats. And and that '

' silver center consiol -
only be . ‘ .

i H Lizwmmiii- iil:‘lwlll‘illi|iil'.lill

lllilll?‘..:‘

 

Page Eigni SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. April 29. ms

Ila/y Sweatshirts! Batman, True/ate lose

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A FAMILIAR SIGHT is Jeri Langhem finishing first. Tuesday Langham
ARMS FLAILING. legs kicking. sun glasses jigglingl Jon Buswell slrains for won Hie mile run againsi Slale College of laws and in doing so sei _a Ward
exlra dislance in Hue bread iump. He finished second. The only winners Field and school record of 4:|B.2. The old record of 4:20 was sef m |933

in flue sc1 meer lolher men Langham] were Sieve Brinlnall in ilie 440 by Mike Pilbrow- Langham is men below in“ afler ”is 'race- The learn
(51.1) and Tom Wood in ine iavelin [IE' 1. more lorllie meelwas “.40 inlavorol SCI.
—@ _
W

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Step Up To

 

 

 

 

“JD‘S RESYAURANT

Elevaiea — m 922% Main, Grlnnel}

 

 

 

 

Jen

PHIL woonwmu: SNEAKED back he firsl' base in e pick . all enempr in m are:
. . game of a doubleheader Tuesday egginei Came”. ennnen 1m boih e: l’liiose games. In
Headquarteis FOL spile of a 1m inning rally ihe lirsl game weni m The second was leer lay a score of

“$93: 44. Lasf weekend lhe hapless Msls of ihe Midwesi Conference dnopped fwoio Mon-

mroufh. The only nighlsgni. according ie 5&3 iporli wrner Gary Wilson. was Gary Wil-
g oxsssss
$331 sxms
SLACK:
Q) ILOUSES

son's four for men liming Tuesday.
swums . '
ﬂ [APPAREL " .
GRINNELL

PATRONIZE OUR You’re in the Pepsi generaﬁon!

 

 

ADVERTISERS

 

