Grinnell College

camsBlA

Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi

Special Edition Stresses “Actionabiiity”
"rm ecstatic.“ was the way President Glenn heggett expressed his

organiled. The incnlty and ad
Using a term he has rise
need to become “actionable.” “Do it; norrt hesitate,” he said.
This special issue or the sol; includes a lengthy report by the Eu-

opiniou oi the loss Encampment. lie had high praise tor what he called
the “constructivelless” oi the Encampment committees. “But," he told
the closing session of the Encampment, “You’ve got to get yourselves
ministration can’t do this ior you."

d often in the past Leggett stressed the

cainpineilt Committee as well as Stabenlenls from each member of the
executive cabinet 01' the SGA. These statements point to many ways

 

Vol. LXXlV

Grinnell, lows, Tuesday, October ll, I965

in which the ideas exiinessed iii: Encampment can be made “actionable."

 

Extra

 

: Encampment Offers Intensive Consideration

o

 

President of the SGA

Reevaluation of Norms

By STEVE KENT

Why have encampments? Why bother?
Ailcr all, we have things pretty good
here. Why spend hours evaluating the
Grinnell community when we could be
spending them in acquiring an educa-
lion? Well. partly because Grinnell
exists in a dynamic, changing world and
because Grinnell itself is a dynamic and
changing society in miniature, To remain
true to its original ideals and intentions,
the college can never cease making ad-
justments. Partly, it is because basic to
the Gl'innell tradition is the belief that
improvement can always be made, But,
above all, it is because the spirit which
makes its question the ends and means
oi our community is the real essence oi
a crninell education The critical spirit
cannot be compartmentally applied, The

Weber thesis and the Grinneli commun~
ity are equally worthy objects or its at-
tention.

Grinnell's primary tnsk is to produce
liberally educated men and women —
individuals capable of looking at their
world in totality, critically yet con-
structively. Reason and common sense,
we are taught, guide us in our judg-
merits oi the world. Yet reason and
common sense are not always ode
oustely applied in our oonslderations
of our own society.

Tunes ot dritt inevitably occur when
the critical spirit grows mute and pur-
poses become coniused, Accustonied to
dealing with superiicialities and to ace
ing in terms of petty political ends, col-

sca~
(Continued on Page 2)

AWS Board President

Unrestricted Hours

By KAREN LAUTERBACH

An alteration at attitude in the Grin-
ncil student culture cannot be success-
iully effected until all segments of tha
community come to challenge the basic
disparity between what’s expected in the
academic sphere and what’s expected in
the stoma] sphere of student life. The
time is now, while the whole community
is in a period of transition. to express a
conviction in the importance of all that
happens to a potential scholar in the
total learning process.

Students are presently diverted from
sxercising trecdom or choice or per-
sonal judgment in individual soclol
strains by n distracting rule structure.
Boih men and women have comple-
cently accepted a highly restrictive

system of women’s hours as a major

rector hampering individunl action Ind

the growth oi personal responsibility

This uncritical reliance on artificial
standards appears in a broader context
as non-participation in the classroom and
extra-Curricular affairs as well.

What must be accomplished is a com-
plete and consistent redefinition oi the
student role in the aiiairs of the college
to involve positive participation and per-
sonal independence in all phases or com-
munity lite. But a reiormation of attitude
must occur simultaneously with the
structural changes necessary to allow its
expressmn. This suggests a radical de-
parture from the present protective
philosophy and structure to formulate a
new, positive liviilg program on campus

AWS—
(Continued on Page 2)

Speaker of the Senate

Quest for Community

liy DAN oucxs

The quest. for community is a basic
human motive underlying man's efforts
to make the world a more human place
in which to live. We at Grinnell are
driven by this motive to create a special
type oi community — an intellectual
one in which people are draWn together
by a desire to understand the world of
man and the world of nature,

We seek a community in which ideas
{low and interact in a dynamic learning
process. We hope, by this process, to
coniront questions of values so that we
can relate our knowledge and ideas to
ineauiugiul purposes.

Intellectual Community

Have we created an intellectual corn<
[nullity at Grinnell? Academic life is
mechanically geared to a pace at dead—

lines antl examinations. Students are re-
quired to pass courses in a subject in-
stead ot being re ' ed to learn a sub-
ject. Campus act as are tied to no
ethic of tradition in which the routine
is preferred to the innovative. These
forces combine to stifle a commitment
to learning, a desire to communicate
ideas. and a critical awareness of values.
Hence, our search tor community goes
uul'ewslrded.

Fortunately, students have the re-
sources to build the foundation for an
inspired intellectual process. We need
not wait for the decision - makers at
this college to adjust the curriculum
or establish new lecture programs, By
asserting a degree oi intellectuull in-

SENATE—
(Continued on Page 3),

By KATHY JAGOW

More than a marathon trampoline ses-
sion, Encampment was an opportunity
for the different groups on campus to
meet together for an intensive considera-
tion oi Grinnell as a total entity.

Stiucturally, the titty students and
twentyeiive faculty and administrators
who attended were organized into six
discussion groups. Each group spent
three sessions discussing, respectively,
academic program, relation oi the col<
lege to the outside world and the total
college environment. Reports room each
of the group leaders were presented at
a final Combined session of all the Eu-
campment partitipaitls,

What came out or this year’s En-
campmeni? People looking tor a co-
herent plan of reiorm will probably be
disappointed; the general nature or the
discussions was not conducive to such
a simple tormiila. The aims and goals
or a liberal arts education, and the
means or achieving these goals, are
our easily agreed upon. You can’t. get

a formula answer to the question
“What is Grinnell?”

Look to the Philosophy

So what did happen that weekend? in
rormal contact between laculry and stu-
dents, some violent discussions, some
hard thinking, a better view of Grinneli
within and beyond the campus. Both
leaders and just ordinary students (as
one participant described herself) looked
beyond the details of our present system
to the philosophy, the reasons, the ration-
ale Oi Grillnell and of liberal education
in general, In the end, if the thinking b3-
giin at Encampment will continue on
campus, we should have a set oi cri-
teria, specuic goals that we wish to
achieve, and an effective means oi get-
ting there,

By attempting to answer some of these
general questions belore us, we lialurah
iy came up with a wide variety of an-
swers, This report will attempt to be as
objective as possible in presenting dire
terent sides of the various questions.

ENCAMPMENT—
(Continued on Page 2)

C of HP President

Open Dorms Extension.

By ROBERT FOOTE

The question is not whether we should
extend visiting hours in the residence
halls but Whether, or to what extent, WI
should have restrictions. The burden of
prool in the open dorms question rests not
with those who request greater freedom
Di movement but with those who would
restrict it.

Discussion oi open rooms usually be-
gins wlih the assumption that restriction
against any visitation is normal. Open
rooms have been considered as times of
exception to this assumption. It is time
now in question the basic assumption.
and perhaps to begin anew.

Entrenclled in the Victorian morality
is an unreasonable suspicion of sex. Peo-
ple (eel frank and meaningful and discus-
Slon of sex should be suppressed. People

have assumed that situation: conducive
to the commission oi the sex not should
be avoided at all costs.

Hence they think pregnancies will be
averted and virginity preserved.

The unfortunate thing is that it doesn't
work that way, The Victorian morality
is clearly inadequate in contemporary
society. It serves merely to obscure is-
sues and lo pervert any attempt to de-
Velop a rational and sensible morality.

A new rationale. rooted not in tho
open dorms question, rooted not in tho
Victorian conception or restriction, but
in the modem conception oi freedom
with consideration. Freedom with con-
sideration eiitalls not merely individual
development in isolation. it also implies

c oi HP—
(Continued on Page 3)

Social Coordinator

Urban Social Program

By BOB JOHNSTON

Grinnell College is isolated in n
rural area but its social program is
urban. easy to get to, and tree. Grin.
nell students must now develop on
attitude to match the program. They
must break out oi a social shell that
relies on dates and droughts.

it is unfortunate that on a run at the
mill Saturday night the average dorm
may contain up to 80 per cent of its
occupants while another unknown pel'e
ccntage are availing themselves of tho
Rex or Longhorn, Students must bn
willing to expose their ideas, opinions
and tastes to something llew a some
thing controversial - something oit‘beat,
A free access to challenging events is

worthless it the majority at students
tail to take advantage of them.

Explore the variety: Leilox Quartet,
Jeiicrson Aiiplane, Woman in tho
Duties, The Goldovsky Opera. 8%. Car-
oline Stanioi-d, The White Devil, Case.
blauca, The Three Souls, The i. Shaped

SOCIAL—
(Continued on Page 3)

_____________

ADDRESS HEREl

xog aﬁe'noa
“WHERE Qilqnd

 

Page Two

} Encampment

(Continued from Page 1)

In looking at the aims of Grinnell as
a liberal arts college, we felt the need
to instill certain kinds of Scholarly atti-
tudes at the same time that we are
transmitting a Valued cultural tradition.
Yet we also emphasized that the col-
lege should prepare the individual for
constnictivo participation in his society,
even while being able to understand and
assess it critically.

An initial goal oi the liberal arts col-
lege is to alienate the student in some
degree irom his society, by pointing
to the myths of our culture and the
inconsistencies of u ur systems of
thought and behavior.

Transmit Trudi! n

In transmitting a cultural tradition we
also analyze it so tllaL the student can
see it in a new light. He is then provided
the means for reorientation and redirec-
tion at the same time as he learns new
ways of looking at the world, new ways
of conversing and debating about the
world — ultimately creating better ways
of coping with, understanding, and be-
ing critical of the real world.

Along with this general education the
rtudent should begin a process of direc-
tion and orientation by choosing a dis-
cipline and working deeply in it. Some
transmission of how a scholar works on
a limited problem is surely part of a lib-
eral education. We hope that through
these processes will come an increase in
independent thinking and a growing
capaClty for self-education and critical
problem-solving.

Obligation to Provide Leadership

Grinnell has an obligation to provide
leaders for society; it has a responsibil—
ity, too, to prevent the intellectual snob—
bishness that hinders communication
among all types of people.

At some point students should be for-
mally confronted With the relevance of
their study to the outside world In our
concern for facts, techniques, means, we
slight the implications and ultimate
results of this knowledge for society.
Various possibilities were suggested:
senior s e min a r s, interdisciplinary
courses, freshman emphasis on these
problems, lectures on the technocrat in
society, and so on.

Academic liie was emphasized as the
concrete means to many of our goals. In
this area there were as many ideas as
people. Several suggestions, however,
were repeated, among them a greater
stress on interdisciplinary studies, max-
imum as well as minimum requirements
in the major field to prohibit overspe-
ciallzation, some sort of tutorial system,
smaller classes.

The discussion of major fields brought
a wide variety of replies. One group sug-
gested the iollowmg implications or a
discipline: (1) knowledge within an area;
(2) knowledge of a methodology; (3)
recognition of the limitations of the spe-
cific area of study: (4) an understand—
ing of the interrelationship between one's
specialty and other disciplines and, (5)
between one’s discipline and the entire
realm of knowledge and value systems.

Another group discussed a radical de-
parture from the present system of ma-
jors and disciplines. Agreeing that the
discipline could tend to be ineffiuent, as
it only indirectly involves learning about
learning, the group considered restruc»
turing the curriculum around a study oi
lysiems, relations, processes. and ends.

Interim was another widely discussed
topic. With the new schedule ending the
iirst semester belore Christmas, interim
might have a better chance of being a
time of true scholarly inquiry rather
than a postcxam recovery. Many people
felt it should be strictly voluntary to en-
courage genuine interest, Suggestions on
what to schedule (luring interim included
interdisciplinary seminars, an expanded
lecture schedule, opportunity ior inde-
pendent projects, short noncredit
“courses" in areas of interest often im-

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

possible during the regular semester—
such as intensive language study, ap-
plied music, urbanization, haiku poetry,
or any other area of student interest.

Other topics discussed in the academic
area were improved academic counsel<
ling by freshmen advisors, library pol<
icy on selection oi new books, the over-
burdened faculty, reexamination of in~
troduclory courses, the academic atmos-
phere outside the classroom, increased
awareness of dilierenl interpretations of
the same material, student tutors within
the halls, programmed leaming, class
room discussion, independent research.
and a locus on basic principles of west-
ern civilization

Discussion of the total Campus envir-
onmeni focused on the word interaction
— interaction between the academic and
the social areas, between faculty and
students, between North and South
Campus, between ireshnien and upper-
classmen, between tyrannical control
and abdication. More specifically, we
looked at rules, and found a need for is
rational, and consistent philosophy be-
hind regulations at Grinnell.

One group developed six criteria for
evaluation of a system of mics: (1)
Rules should help make a student more
mature. Rules which involve students
having to make decisions for themselves
will be most likely to aid the maturing
process. (2) Rules should involve a grad-
ual assumption of responsibilities. (3) A
proposed set of rules should attempt to
minimize problems of transition, but the
existence of these problems should not
preclude v a l u a b l e and beneficial
changes. (4) Rules should arise from a
community consensus, irom the entire
Grinnell community and not just one
segment or it. (5) Rules should augment,
not retard, a sense oi community respone
Sibility. (6) Rules Should reflect a desire
to minimize aversive controls. Behavior
can be regulated more effectively, and
With more profit to the student, without
structuring all facets of Student behavior
through a highly legalistic set of rules.
Students' actions should be predicated
upon responSlbllity to themselves and to
the commnuity in which they live.

Other areas of campus concern that
were discussed were women's hours,
privacy, the Forum and its shortcom-
ings, the bookstore. campus wages, open
dorms, relations among faculty, students,
and administration, the responsibility oi
the college toward sexual and other per—
sonal behavior, maturity, and the
process of social developmient.

Several words were consistently used
throughout the weekend — involvement,
excitement, confrontation, experience.
commitment. Whether these and the
other ideas oi Encampment have any
lasting value ior Gi-inncll depends on the
willingness oi all students to think Criti<
cally and to act effectively so that we
may come closer to living up to our
ideals.

pseA

(Continued from Page 1)

leges and individuals at drift neglect
basic ends and ignore hyprocl‘isies and
inconsistencies, acts and institutions be
come outmoded and lose rationality.
Yet times do change. New leaders
bring new hopes and renewed Vigor.
Tile rational, critical spirit which is at
the essence of every liberal education re-
covers primacy in thought and action.

Questioning Begins

we at Grihnell are beginning again
to ask questions. our society is open to
honest reevaluation. The challenge to
question and grow now has already been
issued. The process has begun, Faculty,
student and administrative committees
have assumed wide responsibiltles in
areas or educational policy, campus plan-
ning and student life. But it would be a
mistake to presume that these commits
tees can or should operate in isolation.
Success requires reevaluation of the
whole community. Committees are ef-

fective only insofar as they reflect and
articulate the sense of the community.

The reevaluation of accepted norms
and institutions is an intensely personal
as well as communal process. A society
becomes aimless and irrational when its
members lose sight of its rational basis
and legitimate ends. The task of com-
munal reconstruction inevitably involves
individual reorientation. No member of
the community is exempt from the pro-
cess. Each must recognize as unaccept-
able, in an essentially rational society.
justifications on emotional or traditional
grounds.

In curricular matters our narrow da<
sires to turn out the best biologist or
best economist may work against our
purpose to turn out the best man pos-
sible unless we are careful to subordine
ate and condition departmental ends to
the liberal arts ends of the college.

Desire to be lest

The desire to be visibly “best" can be
litiiltilying as well as invigorating. MaSe
sive building projects, fancy special pro-
grams and the like are iangibles easy
to sell to an undiscerning public but not
always particularly necessary or of high
priority.

Grinnell has some definite building
and programming needs that should be
recognized and fulfilled in the near fu«
ture. Recreational and physical educa-
tion facilities are woeiully inadequate.
overcrowding in residence halls, the li-
bary and stair offices is a serious con-
cern. Several classroom buildings and
all oi the residence halls require sub—
stantial renovation and improvement.
Extracurricular and psychological coun-
sening services should be strengthened.
These are areas which should always
concern but never preoccupy the college
community and its leadership.

inconsistent Social Structure

It is in the creation of a social strum
lure consistent will-l the liberal educa-
tion ends of the college Ihat individuals
iiiid it most difficult to recognize the
irrational in themselves. unnecessary
restrictions patterned on mores de-
veloped and accepted by previous ages
are arbitrarily imposed and juslified
on nimsy, superﬁcial grounds. The re-
aulr is a condition among students or
deceit, hypocrisy and moral ambiguity
where maturation and moral develop-
ment should be taking place. The erad-
lcalion of inconsistencies and the de-
velopment or a sane and sensible reg-
ulaiory structure are hampered by the
childhood presuppositions ol older geri-
erations and the genuine desire oi
younger to escape moral responsibili-
ties.

It's “in” these days to decry the lack
oi critical discussion on campus concern-
ing the unjust and irrational in American
society and in the world. Statements
have been made to the effect that what
is needed at Grinnell is more critical
thinking, but, please, let it be directed
at the society beyond the campus which
"really needs it". This is impossible.

c cal Sp t

As stated before, the liberal, critical
spirit cannot be compartmentally ap—
plied. What goes ior the ouiside world,
needs to go ior Grinnell as well. The de-
gree oi our effectiveness in criticizing
and reconstructing along rational lines
uul own Grinnell community will be in-
dicative or our chances of success in
dealing critically and constructively
with the outside world.

Only when we wholeheartedly chab
lenge the irrational and irrelevant in
society at immediate levels, Le. at

Tuesday, October II. I?“

Grinnell levels, only then, can we hope
to challenge meaningfully its blunders
and inadequacies at the more remote
levels of Washington or Viet Nam.

)Aws

(Continued from Page 1)

which expresses trust in students and a
confidence in their ability to learn and
grow if provided proper incentive and
informal guidance.

Unrestricted Women's Hours

Specifically this leads to the sugges.
lion of unrestricted hours for all Grin-
nell women, the opportunity to live in
oil—campus apartments i! they wish,
and a confidential sign out system.

More importantly, however, it implies
the necessity for trained personnel to
assist individual counselling and social
programming, a procedure to educate
students in the facts and obligations of
premarital relations, and a student com-
mitment to the challenge of individual
informal creativity in social, extracur-
rlcular and academic endeavors.

Standards oi acceptable conduct can<
not and need not always be prescribed
in the form of specific regulations or
limitations. A student may gain signifi-
cant benefits from having substantial
responsibility ior his own progress in a
system that allows for individual differ~
onces.

The social environment, too, may be a
constructive influence toward education
after college. There is undeniable Value
to patterns which favor the development
of personality and the integration of
young adults in a general learning Sitil<
ation — but these patterns must not be
imposed,

A system of hours which functions
not only to protect women, but in ac-
luality acts to segregate the sexes by
isolating women, is at best a negative
and misleading iorm oi paternalism.
The college must have confidence in
its men and women to respond mature—
ly in an atmosphere of trust while at
the same time realizing that there
may be healthy turmoil involved in the
maturation process and that mistakes
will be made and can be valuable in
any educational endeavor.

Guidance Needed

ll structural restraints are of limited
value, it must still be realized that they
do serve the purpose of providing some
guidance. Merely removing these re-
straints would be a wholly inadequate
solution. A constructive effort must be
made to replace slructllrai limits by in-
formative types of informal personal
counselling. Hours alone do not help
freshmen answer their orientation ‘
questions or anyone solve the normal
problems of adjustment and growth.

Opportunities are needed for commu-
ous discussion within the halls and
channels must be clarified ior directing
serious academic or personal problems
to qualified iaculty or administrative
cuurces,

in ailempiing to overcome the moral
ambiguity of the present system we must
not be satisfied merely to accept eiiher
the dictates of conventional moral stand-
ards or moral views under the gum or
sex education or orientation. A lack of
factual information and confidential as-
sistance for the student in coming to
understand the psychological and social
implications at his actions is inexcusable.

The peer group relations is primary in
the maturation process and students
must share equally in the requirements
of devising ways to provide this needed

 

GRINNELL COLLLGE
Stacie! and Black ennui. i...
i u... ...... who... on... .i u. or... y... o or...

nail Conllnlllee on student eiibliauilons. Rcvrosentcd toi national adver—
tising by National Advertising service, inc college Publishers Repre-

scuiiiivc, lb Ensl boili slim, New York,

Y. Second class postﬂga

paid at oi-imicll, iowh. Subscription nu: 5.00 per school year. lsoil bind

subscrlpllons.
EDITOR . ,.
BUSINESS MANAGER ,

.. Harold Fuson
suran will

 

 

Tuesday. October Iil l9“)

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Three

 

 

guidance. in Man for l-ilmseli, Erich
romm ouggests that,

“Virtue is responsibiity toward his
own existence. Evil constitutes the
crippling of man‘s powers; vice iii
lrresponsihillty toward himself.”

challenge of Freedom

Students are then faced with the
most demanding challenge —- the
nnibitious task of improving our total
ovlronmont and redefining student
positions and actions within it. The
freedom gained by a proposal for un-
restricted women’s hours would not
be an easy freedom. The construction
of personal standards is a difﬁcult but
creative and worthwhile activity. it
will require not only the receptivity of
student government leaders and ad-
ministration to creative innovations
but the commitment of the entire com-
munity, particularly the student ele-
ment, to the search for the immense
potenﬂal berlele to be found in the de-
mands or student responsibility.

) Senate
(Continued irom Page i)

dependence, we can discover by our«
selves new methods to release student
energy and creativity. an that is re.
quired is a dedication to the idea that
students can leach themselves and
each other. A commitment to this
idea will open new paths to the en.
richntent of our student culture
through me development of intellec-
tual activity outside the classroom.

Two specific Iorms which student in-
tcllectual activity can take are inde-
pendent, interdisciplinary seminars and
a voluntary, student organized interim
period devoted to independent study.
Student seminars can meaningiully ex-
plore in a scholarly iasbion subjects that
are now ignored by or insuliicienily han-
died within the present curriculumr

Several students have already suggest-
ed a number of imaginative topics on
which the interdisciplinary approach
could be used. They include the 101-
lowing:

The effect of the development of
science on the role and tone oi
religion.

Euthanasia.

Studies in current non - ﬁction.
Urban studies.

The Darw' an Revolution.
The genetic control of human life.

The effect of language, per se, on
the divergent. inteuectual develop-
ments between linguistic groups.

Birth control.

Studies in the problems of moderni-
zation of underdeveloped areas This is
certainly not exhaustive, but suggests
instead the abundance oi possible suba
jects around which student seminars can
be organized.

Overall Perspective

interdisciplinary studies not only pro-
vide a useful approach to special sub-
jects of scholarly concern but also offer
a means by which students can gain a
sense oi the relationship between their
discipline and other disciplines. Con-
Sequently, this approach is a step in
achieving the liberal arts objective oi
giving students an overall perspective
on the World.

These seminars are most Valuable as
a learning exerience ii the major iorcs
behind them is Student motivation to
gain an understanding oi subjects be-
yond those covered in the classroom. At
student organized seminars, faculty
members would play only a minimal
role that would not extend beyond an ad—
visory capacity. The demands on the
facuily would not exceed the contribu-
lion that a member of the iaculiy would
wishvm make because oi his or re:

scholarly interest in the subject treated
by a seminar.

Voluntary interim

The goals of an enlivened student cul-
ture and the creation of an intellectual

community would also be served it we
students organized a voluntary interim
session during, perhaps, the last week oi
Christmas vacation. Such a period
would allow time for students, who ap-
plied for the session, to pursue indepen-
dent study and reading. A number at
student programs could occur during the
period. It would be a valuable time for
the organization of independent student
seminars for second semester. Special
fine arts workshops, a student art show,
and small concerts given by Grinnelilans
would be worthy and creative activities
for the session.

Students could present papers, possi-
bly irom work done in previous inde-
pendent projects, to student discussion
groups. Discussions on a significant and
controversial hook, assigned (or the in-
terim session, would provide an ac-
tivity tor all participants. Oii - campus
weliare projects in Grinneli or Des
Moines could be organized during the
interim period. Most importantly, the
session would provide a time free of
curricular pressures wh en students
could actively and creatively contribute
to the transformation of the College into
a community,

Independent seminars and a student
organized interim session are but two
of several possibilities for student
intellectual activities. Scholarly clubs
and discussion groups could prolifer-
ate on campus. Student soap ~ box
debates would be lively outlets for
student. ideas. All these activities
would improve our student culture and
would deepen the intellectual experi-
ence involved in a Grinneil education.
The success of such activities is con-
tingent, however, on the acceptance
by students of the challenge implicit
in the realization that we can learn on
our own and that we can learn, in
a cooperative manner, from each
other.

Declare Independence

it we students declared our independ-
ence from the established curriculum by
developing independent intellectual e
deavors, we could indicate to those i
voived in the revision of the curriculum
the potentialities of allOWlng S t Ll d en t
energies freer rein. The positive nature
of providing more room in the cur-
Ticuium lor greater individual develop
ment and innovation in scholarly eliorts
could be illustrated by student contribu—
tions to the intellectual liie of this col»
lege. More speciﬁcally, student inter-
disctplinary seminars could point to the
inclusion in the curriculum of these
types of studies.

In the weeks ahead, the Academic
Life Committee oi the Senate will be
exploring innovations that might help
change Grinneli irom a college into an
intellectual community. The committee
Will be concerned with both Curricular
revision and intellectual activities aut-
slde the classroom.

)CofHP

(Continued from Page 1)

limits. Those limits are to be determined
by a necessary consideration and con-
cern ior others. But freedom is recipro-
cal and also involves respect for the
freedom of others.

Discussion in the future Should not be-
gin with the idea oi 24 hour restriction
but with an ideal of Z4 hour (readout of
movement. Open dorms should not be
conceived as a privilege, but as due and
natural. Beginning with an assumption
of 24 hour opens or natural, alld that is
the assumption made by home-owners
and aparimeni dwellers beyond the cam-
pus. we must then determine what re-
Strictions al'e necessitated by considera-

, lion for others.

Some limitations are considered neces-

sary in our dormitory situation. Weekday
evening, which are times oi study for
most, can probably be legitimately dis-
tinguished tram weekend evenings in
which substantial numbers engage in so-
cial activiiies. Late evening and morning
hours are times when undue traffic in
the hallways is most disturbing and in-
considerate. Given these conditions it is
probably both practical and desirable to
set specific limits to the times at which
visitors of the opposite sex might roam
freely in the residence halls. The follow-
ing suggested open rooms policy per-
mits reasonable freedom for those who
wish to invtte guests to their rooms while
yet conceding privacy and sexual seclu-
sion to those who desire it.

Vi ting privileges:

Monday through Thursday — 11 A.M.
to 7 PM.

Friday through Saturday — 11 AM.
i0 11 PM.

Sunday ~— 1 RM. to 7 RM.

By maintaining the right or individual
residence halls to restrict the hours oi
visitation further when deemed necessary
by a majority of the membership, this
appears to be a workable and reason-
able open dorms policy.

Those whu oppose any change in the
open dorms policy should look at the con-
siderable beneﬁt that an expanded pro-
gram would have both to the indiVldual
and the community. Those, on the other
hand, who quickly accept any expanded
open dorms proposal should be aware
of the implications of this proposal for
the much wider problem at improvmg
the community as a whole.

Informal Contact

One reason for proposing this exten-
sion is to attempt to establish greater
informal social contact. Some progress
has been made in this area. Forum jam
sessions were organized to appeal to a
wider range of students than the usual
dates-only crowd. This year’s Homecom—
ing is iollowing the same principle. Other
solutions must be sought in this field.

The Creation of this kind of an atmos-
phere in which mixed groups oi students
may interact on an informal basis will
surely have implications beyond the so-
cial sphere. It will also benefit the aca-
demic environment. The general lack of
participation in classroom discussions at
Grinneli is appalling, especially when
one looks at the favorable student-facul-
by ratio. A primary reason for this is
that the students are unused to Verbaliz-
ing ideas, to reacting to the opinions of
others, to discussing matter with adults,
and to revealing any port of themselves
to others than a very limited Circle of
friends.

This interchange ol ideas would be re-
ilected not only in the classroom but
also in the general intellectual tone or
the campus. Programs such as inter-
disciplinary seminars, voluntary interim
sessions, and faculty-student discussion
groups would assume real significance.
A community oi scholars would become
something more than a handbook slogan.

Consideration for Others

A third contribution that an extension
or open dorms would make, outside or
the strictly social or intellectual areas,
is in creating a better relationship be<
tween the sexes. Hopeiuily, under a
more liberal policy, the dorms will more
closely approximate normal living con-
diiions in which one must show Consid—
eration for the convenience and privacy
of others as well as one’s own inclina-
tions.

The introduction of both sexes into
dormitory living should be reflected in
the dress and speech habits of the
students and probably in a reduction
of prankish behavior. Given the op-
portunity to be socially mature, we
believe that the students will respond
appropriately. The courteous and ap-
preciative reception which North
Campus gave to a recent serenade
irorn South Campus is an indication
that the students are capable of such
A response.

In the past, discussions of open dorms
have always gotten bogged down with
the sex issue. Lester Kirkendali, writing
for the Journal of the Nauonai Associa-
tion of Women‘s Deans and Counselors,
believes that, "we need to develop an
approach in which the focus is on de-
velopment of relationships which will
enhance a sense of integrity and trust
in relationships. Obsession with sex, as
the only, or even the major, moral issue,
should give way to a concern for the so-
cial use of all our capacities.”

There are certain things a college
can and can’t do. It can’t, even through
a highly-structured rules system. im-
pose a set of values upon the student.
by late adolescence, behavior is most
strongly inﬂuenced by the peer-group.
According to Kirkentlaii, external
authority, whether parental oi- institu<
tionai, “can, at the most, hamper and
inconvenience rather than prevent."

Negative Response

The negative results or this excessive
control can be seen in the attitude of
the students. Resentment is built up
against an irrational system which cur-
taiis individual responsibility and stu-
dents adhEl‘e to their personal values
even it it means going outside of the
system. Eventually, this can only weak-
en the community

On the other hand, the college can,
and should, aid the student in develop~
ing his own sense of personal respon-
sibility and integrity and encourage
him to relate it to his life outside the
classroom. Isn‘t this the real purpose
of education? And isn’t this what Grin-
nell has failed to do?

introspection Needed

Finally, lhere must be not only exami-
nation, but also introspection. As stu-
dents, we should certainly look carelul-
ly at college policies concerning opens,
hours, off-campus living and resident ad-
visors. There is the further obligation,
however, to look at ourselves.

We mllst recognize the weaknesses in
our society and attempt to remedy
ihcm. Water fights, spring riots, and
certain aspects of our prepping pro-
grams fall into this category. Only
when we can see a single issue, like
open dorms, as a part oi this much larg—
er program, only then can we begin a
constructive reiormation oi our environ-
merit.

} Soc‘ l

(Continued lrom Page i)

Room, King or the Rocket Man, The
Blues project, Forum Film Series.

The administration must recognize the
drain on lhe student activities fee due
to buildings and Grounds costs tor con-
certs and dances at which the entire
College community is invited. In 1965-66
the amount oi money that was paid to
E 8: G for [our of these events could
have gone toward one major concert,
or eight io iiiiecn movies in A R, H.
or as many as iorty Forum jam ses-
sions. An increase in the activities fee
would not be as helpful as eliminating
wasteful B a <3 expenditures.

There is a great need for more in-
lol'mal recreational lacilities and more
flexibility in those iacililies already pre»
sent. A campus of Grinnell's size should
have more than two pool tables and more
than two ping pong tables and they
should be available for student use more
than a few hours each day.

Flex tilty Needed

The scheduling or weekend events as
if every student will attend them one at
a time must be eliminated, All students
will not attend a Lenox Quartet cun—
cert or an A.R.H. film. More competi-
tion between events is not necessary——
more ﬂexibility is.

Finaiiy Grime" students must lake
more initiative in their social life. They
must not count on the events of a
monthly activities calendar to keep
them socially engaged. They must
learn to augment it _ build around
it — build on ll.

 

avoio-Qobc’o-Quofo ..
ameesw meme . :

viSuaL - visunL- UCSUAL
ANTHONy MGRTN

 

