THE GRIN N ELL REPORTER

 

Vol. 74

 

Grinnell College, Grinnell, Iowa EDHZ, Friday. May 5. [957

WILD AS MOUNTAIN DEW— The Mountain Jug Love Band will perform
at the eoiio. house Saturday night, oxpoxing student: to some country-

nyle uuliura. See Social Evenh, page a.

Yhoto by Susan Kauer

 

Eastman and Pursell to leave .Grinnell

George Eastman (education), Direc-
tor of Teacher Education at Grinnell
tor two years, will join the iaculty at
the University of Builalo next year as
a member at the Social Foundations
Department.

At Buffalo, where the University is
ulosely involved in attempting to elimia
nate the dominant social problems of
the city, Mr. Eastman believes he will
be “at the frontiers oi new thinking"
in his lield. Faculty in his department
have joint appointments — in the iields
or sociology, psychology and education.
Mr. Eastman, who believes that “edu<
cation is the point at which problems
converge," will do research “in human
problems relating to several disci-
plines" and will teach two graduate
courses.

Former Kennedy aides

speak on Vietnam, press

by Johnathan Shows

Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., and Pierre
Salinger, both key aides to iormer
president John F. Kennedy, spoke to
Grinnell audiences via telephonic ex-
changes earlier this week.

Speaking irom- New York City,

Schlesinger attacked the Johnson ad-'

ministration policy in Vietnam ior in:
unwillingness to negotiate. He asserted
that when we are at a military disad-
vantage we reiuse to talk with Haml;
Ind when our position is strong we still
will not go to the bargaining table be
cause we anticipate improving our
status iurther.

Defending critics of the war, Schles-
inger said that the administration must
recognize that the nation is divided
over the war issue “We certainly can-
not suppress the public opinion polls,”
he said.

Although neither hawk nor dove,
Schlesinger clearly wants the US. out
of Southeast Asia ”because it iS low ﬁll
our priority list. Europe and Latin
America are much more important to
our national interests." To get us out
of Vietnam, he recommends immediate
cessation of the bombing of Norlh Viet-
nam. Schlesinger said that the bomb-
ing was a result of military frustra-
tion, not sound policy direction. "Even
ll we would bomb North Vietnam

580 SCHLESINGER on Page I

Mr. Lyle Pursell (mathematics) has
announced his resignation atter twelve
years at Grinnell, He will be going to
the University of Missouri at Rolla, to
teach graduate courses and help in the
advising oi the graduate program and a
new PhD. program. He said his major
reason for leaving is not dissatisfaction
with Grinnell, but a better opportunity
to pursue personal interests at Missouri.

“The University of Missouri is a Small
university, primarily technical, where I
expect the students as a whole Will be
more math—oriented."

Mr. Pursell was awarded a two-year
research g r a n t (announced in The
Reporter last week) and he intends to
pursue studies in the area he titles
“Rings oi Functions", He says that his
new schedule will allow him a greater
freedom to do this research.

As far as leaving Grinnell is con.
cerned, Mr. Pursell said, "There is an
emotional commitment involved in my
stay that is as hard to break as the
psysical departure. My relationships
with the student body, the school, and
the city, have been pleasing, and my
involvement in ‘educational experi-
ments' has been very profitable."

No. 28

Senate: Favors abolition of Rich
Horn pessimistic on Open Dorms

By Andy lsaacs

The Senate adopted this week a reso-
lution lavoring the abolition at Spring
Rlot and passed a motion establishing
a new Community Court.

After hours of. debate and endless
bickering over the choice or a iew words,
the Riot resolution was adopted as
lollows:

Be it resolved that the Senate favor
the abolition of Spring Riot as it has
occurred in previous years because it
is a generally useless and destructive
event, and it detracts (tom the image
at the responsible students.

The Senate does recognize, however,
that the annual Spring my and Ihe
night preceding it may be worth-
while social activities it propertly
planned and executed. Tire Senate
suggests:

1. that extensive social uctlvitles ap-
pealing to both dating and non-dating

FCSA revises court
penalties in Riot case

The FCSA‘S review of last Week's In-
terim Court action resulted in some mi-
nor revisions. James Stuart was expelled
but “upon appropriate petition to the
Executive Council” he can gain a Grin-
nell degree by the transier of credits
obtained at another college. James
Drasdo also received a lighter penalty.
instead or immediate expulsion, he will
be put on conduct probation tor the rest
at the semester. However, Drasdo will
graduate in absentia. Ken Adclman re-
ceived immediate suspension. and must
also graduate in absentia.

Junior Dale Massey received immedia
ate suspension and must take his finals
off campus. The coming semester he will
be on conduct probation and will be
required to transfer from Cowles to
another hall, The FCSA did not act on
the recommendation or conduct proba—
tion for Barry Nemmers. The conduct
probation recommendations tor both Mos-
sey and Ncmmers must be reviewed by
the Deans Committee.

 

!
i

w: TOOK A WALK THE omen DAY and ioond a new building spring-
lnq up out of th. ground on will Street .t East. The building it to e.
the new home at Building: and smooth. it will provide facilities to! a
and G maintenance personnel, electrician. oarpentorx, and will hour-

machinu and college-owned vehiciex.

Photo by Susan Kaeser

situations be Included on that day
and the preceding night.

2. that enthrcement of college regu-

lations be stressed. -

a. that the possibility of having
Spring Day as a scheduled event
on the college social calendar be com
sldered.

Tom Triplett, senator from North, Sui»
mitted the approved resolution as an
alternative to the motion introduced last
week by Ray l-lom, Rawson, i-lurn's
resolution, which was designed to pro-
voke student discussion, had been tabled
at the end or last week’s meeting.

Conllict raged over the use or words
in the motion. Senators were especially
concerned over what sort of enforce—
ment to speoiry. Triplett had specified
in his original draft that the term
"proper enforcement" be used, Bill
Fisher, South, asked why the rules should
be “properly enforced” during Riot night
when they are not cntorced at any other
time. Horn then suggested using the
term “normal", Ric MacDowell, SGA
president, disagreed with this suggestion.
noting that most rules are not normally
enforced. The Senate ﬁnally agreed to
simply advocate “enforcement" in the
motion.

Prior to the introduction of Triplett’s
motion; Bill Fligeltaub, c or HP presl<
dent, announced that he has authorized
the Social Committee to explore al-
ternatives to Spring Riot.

Turning to opens, Horn reported that

See SENATE on Page 3

Dean Low otters comment
on Sr. hours elimination

Hours for senior woman were elima
inated on Monday, May 1. Dean ot
Women Alice Low commented, “We
found it desirable to give‘ senior
women this option for the last month
or school as a matter at convenience
for them. There has never been a
question of princlple about the elim-
lnatlon or women’s hours. The prac-
ticality of tile situation is the only
problem. We thought that this prob
lem could be worked out {or A short
period M time with this smlll
group."

D.M. poverty group
gives play tomorrow

Steps Toward Freedom, a play in the
tradition of in White America, will he
presented this Saturday night by vol-
unteer workers and members of the
Southeast Bottoms community.

The play, written by Community or-
ganizer Jim Dunn, emphasizes the more
recent and local aspects of the civil
rights movement. Paris of the findings
ot lowa housing investigations, ex-
cerpts from the statements of local and
national ﬁgures and descriptions at
\vorkers’ personal experiences are inv
cluded in the play.

Performances will be at 7:30 and 9:00
in the arena theater. The second per.
formance will be followed by a coffee
hour at 10:00 in the South Lounge at
which the cast will be present to dis-
cuss issues raised in the play with in.
terested students.

Social funds given (or the perform-
ance will go toward repaying a loan
made by Iowa churches for the pur-
ehasn ot the “new" project house.

 

Iago Two
Editorials .

Do we want another dorm?

Editor’s note: Present college building plans include a physical educa-
tion complex, joint dining tncilities, and a new women’s dormitory. All are
contingent upon government loans. The loans for the dining facilities and
the new women’s dormitory can be applied for by July at the earliest.

Ttie dining taciiities will be located between Darby gymnasium and the
railroad tracks. The new women‘s dormitory, consisting o! 8 units housing
48 women each, win he between Loose Hall and the railroad tracks where
the present swimming pool is.

The tremendous need {or careful scrutiny alld reassessment of the present
residence hall system was pointed out by prolessor Joseph Wall (hlstory), tac-
ulty chairman, in his statement regarding the recent court case. We stressed
this need just a week previously when we urged the speciiic consideration or
integration or the campuses.

Like the strictly academic side of a liberal arts education, the residence
system cannot remain static. Its usefulness must be assessed with respect to
a changing world. A mmmittee to consider the underlying philosophy oi the
residence hall system is just as imperative as the existing committees consider-
ing curriculum and the community court. Such is committee, composed jointly
of faculty, Students, and administrators, must shoulder the dilllcult task of de-
ciding not only where and how and with whom to house men and women in d0r<
mitories, not only what regulations to impose and what facilities to provide, but
more lundamentally, whether the dormitory is the most appropriate living 5itu~
ution. They must explore the alternatives suggested by private apartments in
town tor some students, collegeowned homes tor others, and college built apart-
ment buildings for still others. They must compare the advantages or commu-
nal living with other ways or his, in light or the college’s goals.

Finally their philosophical decisions will have to be tested opposite more
pragmatic considerations such as iinancing and crowding. For example, it they
decide dormitory housing as we now have it is not ideal, they may indeed be
overruled by economic realities. Nevertheless, it is gravely important that in
building new dormitories we act either according to our philosophic principles
or consciously against them: it is not fair to avoid them.

We recommend that the proposed construction oi a new women’s dormitory
be postponed pending the report oi a committee on the Grinnell residence re—
quirements: its rationale and usefulness, and how these can best be Served.
Building a large and costly dormitory calculated to last hit 50 to 70 years will
perpetuate the present residence custom without philosophical justification.

his is contrary to the spirit or continuous critical examination proper to an

The Grinnell REPORTER

Friday. Msy I. list
_—_.

Negro students at Grinnell —

Last week The Reporter circulated a questionnaire to all Negro students on
the Grinnell campus, including the tour exchange students lrom LeMoyne, The
purpose of the survey was to evaluate the Negro's opinion of his position on cam-
pus and to determine it he lelt any pressures resulting directly lrom his race.
The results were to have been publicized with the hope of inlorming Grinnell
students of the feeling in this area. The questions dealt with hall life, academia
situations, personal relationships, and attitudes encountered in the town a! Grin-
nell.

Although approximately 40 forms were circulated, only nine were returned.
To the question oi whether or not prejudice exists within the Grinnell couege
community, hall of the respondents felt that Grinnell was relatively free of ra-
cial bias. This group lelt that any alienation within the community was the re-
lult of individual, not racial differences.

The other halt lelt that racial prejudice did exist and was a deﬁnite hin<
dranco o their intellectual and social development. For the most part, they at.
tributed such prejudice to ignorance and lack oi experience in interacting with
another racial group. Even those who had denied the eiostenoe or discrimination
on campus felt that there was some hostility in the town.

Even though a total response was not expected, the disappointing number nt
returns seemed to indicate a certain apathy even toward an issue so important
to intergroup relations. Some of those who declined to participate in the survey
felt that there was a racial problem but that a survey would be ineffective in
improving the situation.

Despite the poor response, the questionnaire had a limited value in that it
opened the issue and stimulated some debate. These have been some of the
questions under discussion: to there a problem or racial prejudice on campus?
If there is a problem of ignorance in race relations at Grinnell, how can both
whites and Negroes educate each other? Why does there seem to be a tendency
among Negroes to gravitate toward one another? Does this tendency indicate a
desire to be separate, or is it the result ot an insecurity caused by white rejec-
lion?

Although the tact that some people have begun to discuss racial issues is
important. such discussion will have further value only if it is extended to the
entire student body. — P. M.

 

her. These are the two most recent

always be remembered in my heart) for

academic community.

—M. M.

 

letters . . .

REPORTER critics answered

Recent issues of The Reporter have
aroused some people and have elicited
letters troni an assortment of others.
The combined letters suggest that too
often “outside” news has been given

‘orily over campus events, and that

adition has, in effect, been sacked
by the new title or this paper.

The semester is almost over. it
would he terrible for Miss Neuman and
her stair to reel that they have failed
in their commitment to responsible
journalism, or that we should have
tailed to grasp the purpose of their
:tyle. For their purpose, i believe, has

sen this: to unseal the shroud or a
small college convinced that it is iso»
lated, situated in the middle of “no-
where," with no vital contact with the
world. Was The Reporter's coverage or
the New York Spring Mobilization to
and the War in Viet Nam truly wasted
space? And completely irrelevant? Or
John Phillips‘ account or his experi~
ences in a college where one sees,
smells, speaks with and helps Human.
ity, dues this story not belong in the
Grinnell College newspaper? Or do ob-
jections stem lrom this: that the paper
isn’t paying lirst allegiance to its own,
so to speak. it should stick to printing
what the majority oi the people on

this campus already half-know by the
time Friday trickles in.

No, my sad friends, Miss Neuman
and her staff are to be commended
Important issues have become relevant
ligaln.

Eleni Sarant

More critics
To the Editor:

The April 22 Grinnell Reporter was
read with a great deal of interest as is
usual. The way in which the Reporter
approaches the news has rmouently
amazed us. Lest we be accused of not
being constructive, please consider these
suggestions as ways in which we think
the paper can be improved.

A. Do not try to compete with the
New York Times. You simply don’t have
the ability. Leave the coverage of the
New York peace march, in which
Grinnell did not have a delegation, to
the major newspapers. They do a better
Job or coverage and it should save you
some space to use on activities taking
place here at the college. it there one
no activities worth reporting maybe it.
will save you Some money.

B. Try to be somewhat more accu-
rate in your prootreading. In last
week’s Grinnell Reporter one of your
headlines mentioned the selection at
ten new ti—lai-s yet you only listed nine.
The _week bctore you announced the
appointment of several social coordi—
nating members to the ateculive cabi<
net. There are only three membeis on
the cabinet and one nonrvoting mem-

 

The Grinnell Reporter

(formerly the Scarlet 8. Black)

Grinnell College
Gnu-toil. low. mu

BPS

Member at tit.
Coll-glen
Pun Sonia.
sun on

ausmrss Handout
EDITORIAL snrr _

iPOR'l's colmn __
copy mlron

IECHNICAL wruwrson ._

not Nut-bin.

A weekly newspaper published each Friday of
the collar: year by the Grinnul communes on Stu.
dent Puhlicaﬁoni.

tiring by National Advenlsing Sui-vine, lnc., College
Publishers Representative. lo East soot street, New
York :1, N.Y. second class poms: pud ot Grinnell,
lows. subscription rate “no per term: your law
mid subscription.

Represented lo! ruttonill adver-

iuyityu. Nem-
simn wtu

aurora rum, rhyme Murray,
Rich-m scnnelm

__nmy Annun-
IA SDeihmll

examples we can remember.

Each happening by itself is relative-
ly unimportant but together they are
indicative at a carelessness that is not
becoming to a newspaper of the stature
you hope to attain. _

c. Your editorial commending the
changed outlook of the times as wit-
nessed by your ability to_prii_it ii cer-
tain word and get away with it was in
poor taste. Surely you have other top-
ics more deserving of editorlal coin.
ment. You need not enlighten everyone
concerning the changing campus view.
points nor is it necessary to call atteni
tion to the “victory." _

Most everyone accepts the necessity
of a newpaper printing the news in
all its details. This is your obligauou
Now apparently the Board of Publica~
tions shares this view. They need not
be congratulated. .

D. m not to insult the administro.
tion. It really makes for poor relations.
We are still otter many reforms which
can only be achieved with the help o1
these people. Your statement concern
ing President Leggett. was also in poor
taste. The point you make could ave
been better made with a simple request
that he submit an article and listing
the reasons why he has been unable to
do so up to this time.

E. The picture that was drawn or
spring Disturbances appeared to be
somewhat distorted. it seemed to us
that the character of this Spring night
was exaggerated.

Lest you think we are a totally unr
appreciative audience We hasten to add
that in many respects this past Grinnell
lleporter was one or the better ones.
llany or the topics were timely and
very interesting. The two editorials
were very poignant, Mr Eastman’s
essay should be required reading tor
all.

no not hide li-om controversy, as we
suspect you won’t, but in your con.
trovcrsy be accurate, polite and to the
point. And please remember to present
news as news and opinion as opinion.

Charles Wall Lynn mchmnn

nsnk Baliltov Doll Gregory

Bond raulwell nan Bucks

steve Kent siisiiii Fog;

More support
To the editor:

Some people stubbornly refuse to
enjoy a lively newspaper or to respect
its courageous editor. So never cast
pearls heroic swine.

David Dillon

To the Editor:

In a rash of letter—writing enthusiasm,
characteristic no doubt of o senior soon
to graduate and no longer to be held
responsible tor views expressed here,_ I
would like to thank the 8&3 (as it will

its feature articles on Don Smith, the
Friends World Institute, and the mo-
bilization in New York. As it so hap—
pens, intimation of this sort about
student life outside Grinnell is not real-
ly available in other newspapers, even
the Des Moines Registerr And as for
student life at Grinnell, we already
wallow in it; must we also read about

it?
Mike Aruow

Neal on Judicial System

To the editors:

how long will we allow our redun.
dant, inetricienc and archaic “judicial
system" to aggravate the personal and
nodal agonies or punishment and oct—
roct‘ioul No one ~— least of all those
whose iutures are directly involved _.
benetits from this type 01 moture or
procedure. it the events or last week
can help, by the example they offered
or the “ideal” operation oi the tradi-
tional system, to eliminate this sys-
tem, they can perhaps mitigate their
individually tragic consequenca.

Linda Neal

Open Dorms

To the Editor:

The SGA Open Dorms Committee has
asked. “What is wrong with structured
hypocrisy?" The answer is that living
a life or hypocrisy destroys a person’s
integrity and sense or worth. The indi-
vidual who seeks selfrrespect and the

See LETIERS on Page 4

Last Week's Answers .—

EEI .
E

I
IEI

I! was brought to the attention 0!
the author that ”Ora Ike" ((4 across)
is a misspelling of “Aura Lee,” El-
vis’ much - parodied hi1. Research
proved this to be hue. The error was
due to the fact that the author’s fa-
miliarity with the will was Inquired
{mill-U. Janet I’ollnd

 

kidsy. May I. m1

Thu Grinnali REPORTER

reg. Thra-

 

 

A student proposal -—

Reform for North Campus

ED. NOTE: This column is written
in response to a letter Chairman
of the Faculty Joseph Wall distribut-
ed this week. In the letter, Wall out-
llnes the Faculty Student Affairs com-
mittee’s basic support for the Interim
Court’s actions in recent disciplinary
bases and explained the Committee’s
reasons for modifying the Court’s pro-
posed penalties. Wail also suggested
that this “unlmppy episode" stressed
the need tor the creation 0! a joint
Modem-faculty Judiciary Council and
revisions in the present hall system.

By Adrienne Lenin-ans and David Dillon

in regard to last week's court deci-
sion, we agree with you mat the situa-
tlon which came to light cannot be
tolerated, and that “any system which
rosters or even permits such conditions
must be altered." While the corrective
measures taken allow us a short r9-
prieve, they can nnly prepare the way
for more essential structural reforms.
We therefore wish to present some spe-
oliic recommendations for considera-
tion by the entire campus community.
They are outlined in two categories.
The first of these should be enacted
promptly, perhaps by September, 1969.
The second series reflect more long-
renge, but equally urgent goals, and
might well be implemented by Septem-
ber, 1972. The former are delineated
below:

1. Present forms of association all
North Campus impose an artiﬁcial con-
formity, stifling spontaneous social re-
lationsbips. Prepping and other exces<
slve manifestations or “hall spirit” bo-
oome respectable fronts for the isola-
tion and mistreatment of selected in-
dividuals. A static, closed system bo-
gets inbred cults and styles; the stem
types thus engendered discourage gen-
uine personal Contact. Residential so-
ciety must therefore be made ﬂuid,
adaptable and liberal. With this aim in
view, we suggest that room drawings
and the election at the Com? be con-
ducted at large, so that hall life may
become a truly open society. informal
clusters of friends and decentralized
lloor gatherings (including a House
Council member) would carry on the
“socialization" now improperly borne
by house government and “traditions."
This balance seeks at once a closer as-
sociation within the hall and an exten—
:ion of ties which are independent of
residential separation.

2. To encourage interaction between
houses, an initiative bonus would I‘E-
place the present senate fund. Each
hall could augment its regular social
allotment by joint planning With an-

other residence. Up to a maximum llm<
it, 10% or the cost of each event would
be reimbursed to both halls from a spe-
cial fund; die bonus could be used for
any social activity at the discretion of
the house membership. Money for this
purpose might be raised by a $5 in-
crease in the student activities fee.

3. The sanctity of every personality
is the essence or humane learning. Thus
we propose the following regulation be
adopted and published in the Student
Handbook.

Physical harassment or psychological
brutality toward any student is not
tolerated on the Grinneu campus,
whether expressed in isolated no-
ti us or in patterns of covert beha»

vror. Complaints of such treatment
may be brought to the Community

Court by the deans, the house presi-
dents, or the victims themselves.
Conviction for this ntlcuse will re.
suit in conduct probation after the
ﬁrst instance, and social expulsion in
the event of repetition. in cases of
recurrent abuse, the house president
may be required by the Court to sub-
rnit regular reports on the situation
until the Court deems the problem
resolved.

4. The negative aspects oi the North
Campus milieu are exacerbated by a
barracks or boarding school atmosphere.
This condition may be improved by a
liberalization of open dorms pohcy, cork
ducive to less formalized coed relation-
ships. Emphasis needs to be shifted to
include studying. billl sessions, and
group recreation, as well as dating. For-
rrler Cot'HP president Bob Foote's origi-
nal suggestion for legal Visitation on
weekdays (11:00 A.M. - 7:01] P.M., Mona
day . Thursday. 11:00 A. M. . 11:00 PM,
Friday - Saturday) offers the greatest
promise tor such a development.

5. Opportunities tor psychological
guidance remain grossly inadequate
The college should maintain a resident
psychiatrist whose services would be
available to any student without cost.
Hall advisers should also assume a
greater counseling role.

These immediate steps ought to be
reiniorced in long—term community
planning: 1. The residence system must
encompass a wider diversity. At least
three alternatives should be provided
— traditional dorms for men and wom-
en, oft campus rooms and apartments,
and co-educational balls,

2. Facilities are needed at all hours
for study or conversation in private.
Since hall lounges do not serve this
function well, Smaller, enclosed area!
ought to be provided tor the purposo.
Hopefully, the adoption of these pro-
posals would cause student culture morn
fully to reflect our academic values
and pursuits.

 

} Senate
(Continued from Page l)

the Opens committee is pessimistic
about their chances to get extended open
moms, “Considering the attitude of the
administration. most people don't be-
lieve extended opens are possible,“ he
said.

Mary Malcom, Cleveland, suggested
that student bedrooms will have to
double as living rooms again next year
because tho college cannot afford to
build both. Jefl Fern, Norm, felt that
the current opens policy punishes law
abiding people and that it was hypo-
nrltical for those fortunate enough to
have certain rooms to be allowed to
have opens while others cannot.

Horn suggested the Opens Committee
might better spend 15 time Considering
other ways or providing some degree at
privacy on dates.

The Senate approved With two revision:

the creation of a new Community Court.
The revisions were:

Cases which affect only one hall and
not the campus as a whole will be
handled within the individual halls, sub-
ject to appeal,

The three student members of the
court will be appointed by the AWS and
CofHP in joint agreement. Their ap<
pointment is subject to Senate approval.

John Zarwan, East, renewed all old can—
troversy when he questioned whether the
Court's makeup of three students and
an equal number of faculty members
wouldn‘t result in trequent ties.

in the lengthy argument that tollowed,
several senators noted that court mem-
bers are not supposed tn vote individually
on a case, but rather they are to come
to an agreement through discussion. The
Senators suggested that the Court be
balanced in membership to encourage
an attitude of trust in the Court and
olimltiata any suspicion of favoritism.

IllliillllllllllilllllIIllillliliilltwlliullllllltllllllllIIilliIIlliiillullmlltllliulllllllIitiIIIllitiiitiIIItiiIIliumiiIilliillliiillllmililiilliilwttiiwllluililllwmlllilwluiillillllilllllllliilillllii

Coming social events

lllllillimilllliiilliiitllillillilltliilllmlllllllilllllllllIIlllliiliilillllllllliltllllllllilltlliiillililllililllllilllilillilllllilitlilllllilliliilltlliltllliitliiliiliiiiilliiilliiilllulllliltliiiillillimllmilliiillm

The Concert Choir ol Saint Cloud Min-
nesota State College will present a con—
ccrt at 3:15 p.m. tonight in Herrick
Chapel. The nationally known a cappella
choir, directed by 1924 Grinnell graduate,
Harvey Waugh, will sing two groups
or primarily sacred compositions, cll<
maxed by the Vaughn Williams “Mass in
0 Minor."

Eugene O’Neill: American classic,
“The Emperor Jones," is being given
at 9:30 pm. tonight in the Arena Theatre.
The theatre workshop production, direct-
ed by Marge Appiebee, tells the story
of an American Negro who becomes an
emporer in Airica during the 1920's.

Sean McCormally and Dave Gressley
will be reading poetry, including selec—
tions from Shelley, Keats, Arnold and
Auden, in the Forum Coffee House at
9:45 pm. tonight.

The folk concert by Ann Klrschner
and Dru McConaughy scheduled tor Sap
urday night has been cancelled.

Tom Hill and Janelle Dodd will pre<
sent their Senior piano recitals at 3 and

Seven to ACM Field Station

Seven Grlnnell students and one facul-
ty member have been selected to help
man the ACM Wilderness Field Station
in northern Minnesota this summer.

The students will explore the region
by root and canoe: collecting. classify-
ing and analyzing the inhabitants and
geology of the area. Biology professor
Karl DeLong will lead the expedition
or David Byman, Mary James, Pat
Sampson, Richard Segool, John Siekert,
Robert Wells, and Susan Will.

AFROTC honors Stauss

James Stauss, provost and dean of the
college, received the Air Force ROTC
Outstanding Service Award at the ra-
ccnt Spring Dining-in or the 265th Air
Force ROTC Cadet Squadron, The award
was presented by Maj. Albert Omar
(aerospace studies).

Dean Stauss was honored by the Air
Force for outstanding contributions to
the ROTC program during the past la
years. In addition to the service award,
he received a personal letter of com-
mendation irom Brig. Gen. Donald
Blake, Commandant of Air Force ROTC,

8 pm. respectively this Sunday in no
berts Theatre. Hill's program wdl include
three Ravel pieces and the first move-
ment or Tschalkovsky's “Concerto in
Eliot Minor, 0p. 23." Miss Dodd’s pro-
gram consists of Piston's “Passacaglia,”
the Bach “Praeludlum and Fuga in C
Minor," Beethoven's “Sonata in E Minn
or." four Debussy preludes, Chopin’s Ber-
cause" and the Liszt “Sonetto 104 del
Patrarca."

The Mountain Jug Love Band will per-
form at Ex Loco Patentls tomorrow evo-
ning. Tonight there will be an iniotmal
program or poetry readings.

A Review —

'The Red Deserl"

By Sue Pransky

Oi The Red Desert, directed by
Michangelo Antonioni, a critic for The
New Republlc said, “it would be quite
a wrong emphasis, but one could say
that the trim is worth seeing for its
color alone." Antonioni focuses on the
neurotic and neglected wire or an elec-
tronics engineer (Monica Vitti). Tho
lactory town they live in irritates her,
and she is suffering from the shock of
an earlier automobile accident. The story
Concerns her brief love affair with a
mining engineer (Richard Harris). The
wife abruptly breaks off the relation-
sllip when she finds that her lover ll
not a catharsis for her mental state.

The technique of the film is directed
toward a penetran'ng vision or the in-
dividual's thoughts and feelings and his
relation to his environment, It is to
these ends that Antonioni makes his won-
derful, original, and unique use or color.

The Red Desert is the ltalian di-
rectors first color film; it was considered
a cinema breakthrough, Following it with .
his latest color venture, Blow-Up, Ann
[onioni has given new depth to the film
medium. The movie has been interl-
nationally acclaimed and should be
worth seeing both in of itself and an
A film classic, It wlll be shown in ARl-l
this weekend on Saturday at 8:45 pm.
and Sunday at 9 p.111.

WWW

nets ll a reckless rampant mum
running about thar Jo-s Restaurant
In closing. on you believe everything
heard In bar rooms“ JD.’s it not

amidst Goon to. rot your-cu.

JD's Restaurant LIVES at 921%

 

Page Four

LOST

Tun loafher belt for iuckel. I
need it. Please return In:
Velma Hisor. Room 10. ARH.

pennant

ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY

The Grinnell REPORTER

 

} Letters

(Continued from Page 2)

respect 0! others will try to practice
what he believes and believe what he
practices.

Celia Dayton, ’96

COMPLETE LINE OF

WALKING SHORTS

FOR MEN AND WOMEN

Now In clock for

theta Summer Days.

GET READY NOW —

SHOP EARLY

While Penney's Has a Complete Steak

ll doesn't matter to "the MYTH'I
lust what generation you belong
to or even It you come alive every
lo alien] He can iaiisly any taste
in left drinks. He has a drawback
though. only people with has"
like ht: PHT fried chicken and oli-
llciou: pizza.

is?

"AHRV"

Ahrvano's Pizza

136-6222

Fm Delivery

Comment on Faulwell column

To the Editor:

There are certain things about Bond
Fauiwell’s article “0n Irresponsible
Protest" (April 22) that i find quite
disturbing. it seems that he has hardly
thought through his reasons for sup-
porting the Administration's policy in
Vietnam.

First, Mr. raulwell mentions that
the campaign or Mr. Richard Gott, an
antiwar candidate in Great Britain,
was instrumental in changing his he.
lists on Vietnam. 1 do not disagree
with the slow, dritting escalation of
the wars in Vietnam and Thailand
because George Lincoln Rockwell is
her it, nor should I be expected to em-
brace President Johnson: opinions just
because Bettina Aptheker opposes them,
After examining my philosophy, beliefs,
and prejudices, as well as those of the
"experts," l have come to certain con.
clusions about my feelings and thoughts
regarding the war. which space does
not permit me to elaborate upon,
Which brings me to my second point.

You cannot line up and count "ex-
ports," prowar vs. antiwar, prosJohnw
son Vs. anti-Johnson, as Mr. Faulwell
suggests. You must listen to their
views. examine them for fallacies, and
see if thcy are consistent with your be-
liefs. Mr. Faulwell seems to feel that
because those "experts" that believe
th United States is doing the right
thing in Vietnam have the more impres-
sive credentials, he should believe them.
He also says that the “overwhelming ma»
jority (of experts) were from such dis-
ciplines as biology. chemistry, and Eng-
llsh." Hans ltlorganthau, u rhant, Rein-
hold Niebuhr, George Kennan, General
Gavin, Norman Thomas are “specialists
in international artairs and commu-
nism.” But i tear that I may be tailing
into the same trap that Mr. raulwell
has fallen into.

ﬁnally, 1 would like to discuss the
Speak Out, the National Mobilization,
and their relationship. The Speak Out
at Grinnell was not associated in any
way with the spring Mobilization Com.
nlittee to End the War in Vietnam, but
was only in conjunction with hand
Vietnam Week, April 3715. It is untor.
tunate that Mr. raulwell still confused
the National Mobilization with the sepa.
rate and quite independent speak Out
at Grinnell. The tenor was not the
same as that at the national protest,
and we did, “save ‘t trom mere l'epeti»
tion of tired rhet ' and we did try
to “put, it on a higher plane.” Each

IT'S STORAGE TIME

We at Meeker Laundry and Cleaners want to help you with the storing of your will-
lter clothing and household items you don't want to take home in the spring and lug

back in the fall.

The cost of storing these items will be 2% oi" your declared valuation, plus the cost
of cleaning and pressing. Store only costs are 4% of declared value ——~ minimum charge

— $1.00 per order,

This year we want to make it as convenient as possible for you, so we have made
arrangements with Grinnell Cab Co., phone 236-4525 to pick up your clothing at the
curb nearest your dormitory at NO COST TO YOU.

INSTRUCTIONS: pick up a storage bag at Meeker's office at 10191/2 Broad St. or
your college campus agency can arrange to have a storage bag delivered to you. Have
your list filled out and garments in bag before calling the Grinnell Cab Co., phone

236-4525.

We will check your list and mail you a receipt for the items stored. All garments
will be cleaned and stains removed, then in the fall your garments will be freshly pressed
and ready to wear. Exception — store only is not cleaned or pressed. We will return
them to your college campus agent and he or she Will receive full commission.

Here are the added conveniences and protection you will receive if you store your

garments with Meeker‘s,

. Day or night taxi service.
i Insured against moth and mildew damage.
. Insured against fire or theft.
. We will return the order to your college campus agent. He or she will re-
ceive full commission.
. Seventy-nine years of continuous laundry and cleaning experience,
. Freshly pressed and ready to wear in the fall (except store only).
You may also ride downtown to Meeker’s with your clothes at NO COST

TO YOU.

Thank you,

MEEKER LAUN-DRY CLEANERS
10191/2 Broad St.

Friday. May I. m1

speaker spoke on what he felt he was
most qualiﬁed to speak on, and we
tried to vary the subjects. I think the
speakers and the tenor of the Spca
Out were that of an “appreciation o
'grays’ instead or ‘hlacks’ and ‘\Vhites’.
1 think it is you, Mr. Faulwell, who
lack this appreciation

John Zarwan

Cleaver on Faulwell

To the Editor:

I wish to point to two possible in!-
lacics in Mr. Bond Faulwell's column
on Vietnam.

1. Many "experts," he says, approvc
oi the war in Vietnam. Let us, there-
fore, be for it. too. Faith in the expert
_ the pro 7 has become the folk su-
perstition of the learned and the semi~
learned. The advice ot “experts” on all
matters, such as automobiles, sex, in-
tel'ior decoration, chitd.raising and
politics, ought to be heard. But to sur-
render to them one’s decisions on
questions ct such irighttul importance
as this war seems to me total and ab-
Ject abdication of one’s responsibility
as a human being. History provides
some sickening lessons of crimes that
whole peoples have committed on the
advice of their experts.

2, Experts in internaﬂonal alfairl
may be in a particular hind. Ponder
the assumptions behind the vocabulary
with which they work. Many political
scientists. in discussing the problem of
maintaining peace, seem to be stuck in
the presuppositions of nationalism.
Their historical model, apparently, is
the manner in which the Congress of
Vienna and the 19th century British
Foreign onicc accommodated their
plans to this nationalistic faith. As a
matter of fact, they don’t even call the
problem one 01 maintaining peace but
rather one of maintaining “national
security," “national honor,“ or “vital
interes ” One hardly needs mention
what tearsome slogans those have he-
comEt

Charles Cleaver
(American studies)

1957 SUMMER JOB CATALOG

Start your career thh Inmm-r with i
msior us. cmpsrstzem Excellent ntstirr.
Catalog lists aver Io,uou opnnings
available THIS SUMMER for men and
woman sludenlx. Send $1.00 today to:
Amer. Arm. at College Sludentl, 30
North LaSalle. Chicago, Illinois W502.

For School or
Typewriter Supplies

Grinnell Ofﬁce Supply

GRINNELL, IOWA

Across lrom the Past ouiso

JD'S RESTAURANT

Elevated—a! 711 V1 Muln.
lennell

 

Friday. May 5. m1

The Grihneli REPORTER

Page Five

 

Frcsh Murray pitches nc-hittcr:
iiarsity wins with an 8-run inning

A nohit pitching job by Tom Murray
highlighted the freshman baseball team's
14—0 win in their season opener with
Simpson last Thursday.

Grady Murdock, Pioneer catcher, cali-
ed a periect game, said Elliott i-liobs,
student coach with Rick Anderson, The
Ila-hitter was saved by a Catch by left<
ﬁelder Doug Neel in the second, and
by a play at the plate by Murdock.
A Simpson man got to iirst on a dropped
third strike, stole second and third, and
tried to steal home when Grady caught
himr

The Pioneer freshmen scored half of
their 14 runs in the first inning: Short-
stop Don Peterson and second baseman
Mike Schaffer walked, Murray doubled,
centeriielder Brent Dubach got on base
on an error, ﬁrst baseman Roger Roe
Walked, and third baseman Garry Bork
singled. Murdock grounded nut, and Neel
walked. Rightfielcler Ray Kanter got to
first on an infield error. but was put
out at second as Neel scored. Peterson,
batting for the second time, grounded
out. The Pioneers scored one more run
in the second, tour in the iirth, and two
in the sixth, Murray struck out 12 men
in the seven inning game, and walked
one.

The varsity baseball team won its
second game of the season, beating
Cornell 92. Greg Dean went the distance
for the Pioneers striking out 12. and
giving up six hits and a walk. Grinnell
scoring came on 13 hits and 8 Cornell
errors,

In the fifth inning, Kent Thomson Sin-
gled and Dave Schatz tripled, to score
Grinneli’s first run. The Pioneers trailed
7,1 going into the seventh. In that inning,
however, they exploded in a shower of

Soccer team wins;
D.M. semi-pros next

By Memo Mendoza

Ed Dingilian and Giuseppe Basignano
scored two goals apiece and paced
Grinnell to a 52 Victory over the Drake
Soccer Club Sundayr Grinnell dominated
the field in this return match after
Drake’s deieat here the previous week.
Their two goals came after Gi‘innell’s
five, when the Pioneer club began to
substitute heavily.

Sunday at 2 pm. Grinneil will host
the Des Moines Soccer Club on Tenth
Avenue Field. The club is a semi-pro
outfit with an almost exclusively foreign
roster. it was to have competed against
other teams in a midwestern league,
but collapse of the league leit Des
Moines with a big, experienced team.

Not exactly short of loreign material
itself, the Grinnell team has players
from Austria, Ecuador, Uruguay. Thai-
land, Ghana and the Sudan, Dingilian.
Basignano, and Seth Kporze have been
netting most or the Pioneer goals, but
Felix Lungu, Ken Hicks, Tom Bat) and
Art Dappen give Grinnell 5 strong at<
tacking line. John De Mabior anchors
B strong defensive line with Bill Lontz
and Bill Wedding. Goalie Bill Batschelet
has yet to allow ti goal this spring. The
Sunday game should be a fine exhibition
of soccer,

FOR SALE

SNIPE SAILEOM‘: qlasi revered
marinl plywood. Eeontitul mahogany
dackt one" soils. in excellent condi-
tion with 60 lb, board to melt-
minimum weight. $500.00. Trailer
available it dunno. Frank a. Am-
brose. Nevada. Iowa SDZUL

singles that brought 8 runs across the
plate. Ric Vranek got on base on an
infield error, and went to third on Thom-
son’s single. Kent stole second. Dave
Luthy singled, but was out at second.
Schlitz singled, Dean got on on the shore
ctop's error, and Bob Geller {lied to left.
Dick Schneider, Ken Engel, Jim Sebern
and Vranek singled, Thomson doubled,
and Luthy grounded out.

Thomson had his best day by far,
hitting three tor five, including the single
and double in the seventh inning rally.
Engel had two for three, and a sacri-
fice and Schatz hit two for three, seer
Iificed and walked.

The batsmen play away games at:
Monmouth today and Knox tomorrow,
and return tor their tinal home game
with Coe Tuesday.

Frosh tie, Varsity lose
in Monmouth meet

The varsity track team lost a dual
with Monmouth 8357, Tuesday, but the
freshmen squad tied the Scots 6137.

Thor Evenson led the Pioneer effort,
winning the pole vault at 9‘6” and the
440 intermediate hurdles with a 57.3.
He took seconds in the high jump, broad
jump, and 120 highs, Rich Weeks won
the javclin with a 162’11" and the discus
with a 130’6”r He placed second in the
shot put. Jon Buswell took the broad
jump with zc'ic", and Doug Dray tin-
ished second in the mile and two—mile,
The varsity goes to Mt. Vernon to meet
Cornell Tuesday.

The freshman effort was marked more
by a desire to compete than by actual
proficiency. if a Pioneer frosh wanted
to try an event, the chances were that
some poor Monmouth competition could
be found. Showing admirable courage
was Grinnell's Art Andrews, who enter-
ed the 440 hurdles with no previous ex-
perience. He won, with a 1:07.5r Andrews
also won the high jump. Ralph Graham
took the pole Vault, Chris Meyer won
the shot put, Jack Rued threw the win-
ning javelin, and Steve Carroll hurled
the best discus.

l IM sports

North Campus continues to plod along,
hampered only slightly by the inclement
weather which typifies a Grinneil spring.
Surprises have been many, and with the
season halt over, the number of teams
with a chance tor the championship has
dwindled to about six. Smith has had
the hardest time of the contenders,
dropping three games since l picked
them to Win (there has to be some cor-
relation). East duitiped them first which
was not entirely unexpected but then
West handed them thalr second loss. The
victory by West must rook with the part-
ing or the Red Sea as one or the all-time
great miracles. Rawson then continued
the string by handing them iheir third
setback in four games Cowles saw their
winning streak ended as they dropped
a henrthreaker to Rawson, 241. They
followed this up with a loss to South.
Dibble, since an opening day loss, has
knocked off five opponents in a row
and. along with East is now in the
driver’s seat in addition to softball,
golt and paddle tennis are currently
being played with no iinal iigures avail-
able as to their outcome. The last sport-
ing event oi the year will be the annual
track meet which. although not quite
in the class of the Drake Relays, is
usually one or the better run events at
the year.

The Tostiest
Pastries
in Town!

For
year-round
Service see . . .

COLLIIM’S

WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE

"the Rex"
restaurant -cocktail lounge

steaks
Next to the Theater

We mclke
delicious
cookies

Hansen's DANISH MAID Bakery

iTALlAN
SANDALS

For Men and
Women

ARNOLD'S SHOES

SUMMER WORK

For Neat Appearing Students
[Men and Women)

Travel Iowa. transportation furnished. excellent pay,

chance to win a $1.000 Scholarship

Mr. Weber

P. Jr Collier. Inc

[528 E. Grand Ave.

Des Molnes. Iowa 50309

For interview writer

For All Your

SMOKlNi‘i
SUPPLIES

Hustle Down To The

VARSITY

917 Broad

 

ling. Six

Tlll Orion-II REPORTER

'° Iheophlius and Gonias Awards
presented at Honor G banquet

E. J. JENSEN. 0.5.
OPTOMITIIST
Iyol Examined
Contact Lanna
Arlen from Pol! Oma-

——
CROSSROADS OF THE

WORLD FOR 30 MILLION
YOUNG PEOPLE

"Under
in.
Revolving
Triangle"

1.
Facllltleq for 2,000

Young Men, Women and
Familial

Near the Loop, Museums,
Stores and Art Centers.

$3.10 to $3.25
Weekly ratal also avalialait.

'hlﬂayo'l
v M c A HOTEL
azo L.Wabash Avenue
Chicago, Illinoll 60605
Telephonel (312) 922-3183

Mennen Deodorant

Presentation oi the first Louis
Gonias Scholarship Award and
the 1937 David Theophilus Award
were the highlights oI Honor 0‘!
annual awards banquet. Many
friends of Grinnell athletics from

the community joined the letter-
men, their dates, and the coach-
es Wednesday for dinner in
Quad dining room and the
awards presentation in Gardner
Lounge.

Bob Watt received the Theo<
philus Award, a memorial in
a standout Grinnell athlete killed
in Korea in 1953, given to the
outstanding senior athlete. Bob
earned three freshman numer-
als, and will have his ninth let-
ter at the end oi track season.

ILousEs . sKIllI's
SWEATERS v DIES!!!

9

GRINNELL

Push Button — 4 0:.

SLOB Value 58‘

SUAVI

Setting Lotion

$1.00 Value 57¢

COLGATE TOOTHPASTE

sop-r Slu _ 12!: on

5LT? Value 69¢

Double Edge

PERSONNA

$1.45 Value 77¢

BLADES

Score Hair Cream

$1.09 Value 66¢

His grade point is well over 8.
Bob Lilli! was mandated with
the Center Award, cstabllshed
this year in memory of Mr.
Games, a ioothail player and
wrestler from the class at '42,
who died of cancer in 1965. The
award is given to an upper-
olassman showing courage and
desire to compete, and is ad~
ministered under the college’s
ilnancial aid regulations.

Guest speaker of the evening
was Biology Professor Gull—
lermo Mendoza, a member of
the Faculty Committee on In-
tercollegiate Athletics. Ha apoka
ot the problems of establishing
successful intercollegiate teams
at Grinnell, and oi bringing any
type at person with a speclal
interest. athlete or not, to the
campusr Mr. Mendoza was made

an honorary member oi Honor
0. air was Mr. Robert Voertman,
chairman oi the athletics wm<
mitten.

Ken Augustine and Jon Bus-
well received the football ﬁne
men and back awards. Tito
awards, given by Grinnell adv
late graduate Dick Ullrich, were
dedicated to the memory or
Jim Bradley, Pioneer Seed Corn
executive and Grinnell graduate.
and Avery Adkins, local resi-
dent and friend at Grinnell Col-
lege and its teams, both at
whom died the past year.

The freshman athlete award
went in Don Paterson. basket-
ball and baseball player. The
award was presented by Les
Duke, Grinnell graduate and
pest coach, who holds the hon—
ored position of starter at the
Drake Relays. Mr. Duke brought
with him from Drake a plaque
announcing the inclusion or F.
Morgan Taylor, Grinnell Olym<
pia star of the ’20's into the
Drake Relays Hall or Fame.

Other awards included cross

Friday. May :, my

country to John Sharpe, wleir
(ling to Don Kraiteik, basket-
ball to Elliott Hlbbs, most im-
proved swimmer to Mike Wade,

and hesl gradepoint tor a senior
athlete k) Rick Anderson.

Special awards were given to
Larry Crawford, Grinnell Caulk
try Club pro. who coached the
college golf team for eight years,
and Terry Moore, who served
Grinnell as i1 mach and head
resident alter graduation, and
is leaving at the end or the year
to teach and coach III the St.
Louis public schools,

”Fm ’rﬂla wise AND rum» HAN, who
loan!!! to axudu .nparrorilr and
nvlranihmhy, We! privately and Ian-
derly beloved by .mrne or his aon-
potpourri" [and u on. rum 1
buntitnl oh , Ari-1 inr. In: 10
man. a run and («tall . nun;
rind occwrldr in. inn-nan roerlnnn.
Midwest and owe-ma polrrieal eun-
em. I, at lent, lav-d Adanaunr
for this on. rumnﬂ— William 5.
Schlamm on
Konrad Adul-
mr in d» car.
(an! inns.

in. a tin my in Ilil
rurrent inu- a! NA~
rIoNAL REVIEW. writ.
to out. an, lit} 2.
M St. N. V. l6. N» V:

warmth
GRADUATION
CARDS

BOOK ’N CARI)

WH ERE YOU NEVER

PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY orscounr
PRICES SAVE You MORE

8I6 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa

LISTERIIIE

H 01.

$1.09 Value 69‘

Mennen Skin Braoer Special '|' Lozenges

$1.10 Valli. 66¢

wni. Expansion Band
Shockproof — Waterproof

Ladies‘ or $1488

Men's
4-String

BASS ELECTRIC GUITAR

At or Bargain

v... 37¢

I7-JEWEL GRUEN WATCHES

STORI
HOURSl

7 a.ln. ta 1 PJI. Friday
9 nut. to I pan. Mom. Tues

Wed.. Thur». SCI.

13 01. AQUA NET

HAIR SPRAY
"1 Vdu 47‘

BAYER ASPIRIN

200':

$1.63 Value 99‘

CIRCUS PEAHIITS

and

49: Value 34¢

GIANT HERSHEY BARS

3% Value 28‘

 

Friday, May 1. m1

TIM Grinnoll REPORTER

Page Seven

 

Soccer a varsity sport?

By Barry Anemia

Our varsity teams are having
a poor year, but the Grinnell
Soccer Club has been quite suc-
cessfuL There have been re-
quests to recognize soccer as
a varsity sport once again (it
was dropped two years ago with
the departure of its coach, lrving
Simone), and such an action
would seem to be a good idea.

Soccer cannot do anything but
become more important as a
college sport. The advent oi
American soccer leagues will
certainly draw attention to this
sport played almost everywhere
else in the world, and the in—
crease in high school soccer
that is due to lollow will pm
vide ready talent for the 00L
leges.

Organizing soccer as a varsity
team would bring about several
benefits. The team would be as
sured unilorms, equipment, a
schedule of games, transporta-
tion, meals after away games,
varsity letters, and coaching.
Grinnell, with its number of for-
eign students and students tram
the east coast, who are more
likely to play soccer than their
midwestern schoolmates, seems
to have a jump on other area
conference schools in establish-
ing a strong team. Coaching
would bring out the best in the
experienced men and add to the
squad talented students who
have never played,

little heels are

Disadvantages accruing from
varsity status are also import-
ant. Two or the best players on
the club team are high school
exchange students; they, and
luture high school students,
could not, of course, play on
the team. Also ineligible would
be the hall-dozen freshmen on
the squad. The most important
Change would be the discipline.
Presently, the team has three
practices a week, informally
coached by junior Richard
Marl, ll‘Om Austria. Attendance
at games is voluntary, and
schedules are almost non—exist-
ent; games planned two weeks
in advance are considered long-
range objectives. With varsity
status, this would all change.
Practices would be live times a
weelr, and mandatory. Games
would be scheduled far in ad-
vance, and players would he
expected to attend all sway
games. Members of the club
with other campus commitments
might not be able to join the
team, due to either time in~
volved, or the away games. The
iact that there is now no pres.
sure to play attracts many en—
thusiasts who would not so
preciatethe pressure ac<
companying a varsity sport.

It would seem that in the
long run, making soccer a var-
sity spurt would be beneﬁcial,
both to the players and to the
college as a whole This opin-
ion is shared by Mr. Worley, the

Golf team almost
beolslovvo Stole

The Pioneer golf squad came
close to victory in a match with
Iowa State Tuesday. Grinnell
lost lD‘AJVz, in their best show:
ing of the year, according to
Coach Edd Bowers.

Dave Shelienbarger shot a 76
for a 3-0 win. Second man Russ
Heuckendori shot a 79, but was
beaten by his l.s.u. opponent's
medal-winning 74. Rally Parsons
and John Winterson won 271
with 79 and so respectively.
Paul Jacobson tied his man
in the lirst nine, led by one
stroke, and then ngied the last
three holes to lose “~85. Jack
McCord’s 85 lost 3-0.

The guitars are on the road
{or the rest of the season, meet-
ing Str Olal tomorrow and
Cornell Wednesday,

club’s advisor. He is excited
about the soccer Club, but re-
grets that he had never played
the game before. and is unable
to coach Acting as a liasnn be-
tween the club and the athletic
department, he is in a good po-
sition to make an appraisal or
the situation.

Thought on the part of the
athletic department and the sac-
cer club is essential before I
decision is reached about socA
cer, but this seems to be an
excellent opportunity to show
that although its teams may
sometimes be down, Grinneli is
always looking ahead in sports.

great big fashion

Flying along on low down heels, Sandler flats are sleek,-
iast»moving and fun. in all the colors that are making news
and snappy slick patents, Sandier makes them perfect for‘
your young way of life,

smooth

or Iona»

OOOOOOOQ

Forum
exhibit
by
Derrick
TePdske

amenity
on display

OOOOOOOO

Siemleid retrospective

A partial collection oi the paintings
and photographs Professor Edith Stern<
leld has completed during her 37 years
with the Grinneli art faculty will be on

display in Scheailer Gallery tram now
until commencement.

Included in the exhibition are paint-
ings in watercolor, casein, and gouache.
along with a group or color photographs.
Miss Sternield will assume emerilus
rank at the end oi this year.

KRAMER JEWELRY

Your Keepsake Deciler

4th Ir Brood

First
Choice

Of The
Engageabies

liail'llll

mm

DIAMOND win-o

They like the smart styling and
the guaranteed pellect center
diamond . . . a brilliant gem

oi line color and modem

cut. The name, Keepsake,

in your dog assures Iiietino
satisiactlon. Select your; at
ourKeepsakeJeweier'sslora.
i—is'r n. thenyeliow pages uncle!

“Jewelers
%

TAMFICD

mu n... n, than Mr rm...» to no! u..." .r
others". are a. a. mall (alum. he. urn-to...» on.

I HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING l
Please send new 20-pago booklet, “How To Plan Vour Engnuer I
mom and Wedding" and nsw 12-page tull color loldai, Dotti lot

i only 25c. Also,seud special ollarnl pendulum-papa Bride's Book. l
Noma_,—__.__.______ l

l Addiou____—..—.—— l
(”NF—v _ . _ _.__

l Sillo___.—_—Zip I
‘ KEEPSAKE DlAMOND RINGS, BOX 90. SYRACUSE, Mr V. 13201 '

 

Pogo Eight

The Grinn ll REPORTER

An educational experiment —--

Economics Curricular Innovation l

By Dan Bucks

A new approach to the question or
senior economics majors was attempted
last semester through the introduction
of all Becredit seminar into the economics
curriculum. In broad terms, the seminar
was aimed at teaching students how to
think as economists and how to learn
economics, This concern took precedence
over teaming students a specific amount
of particular knowledge in the field.

Within this broad aim, the economics
department set several more specific
goals for the seminar. It was designed
to have students assume more responsi-
bility for their own education and to
motivate them intellectually to learn
oconomics independently of professors
and assigned course material. An em»
phasis was placed on getting students
acquainted with a cooperative learning
process in which students’ discussions
with each other and academic contro-
versy among them become a new focal
point for learning, This type of education
was emphasized over the more usual
competitive process that results from an
orientation towards grades.

Getting students acquainted with aca-
demic controversy was also associated
with the aim of presenting course
material that regularly does not appear
in standard economics courses. Contr0<
versial works of doctrinal importance
were selected instead of material do-
ligned to cover particular economic
knowledge.

So that the seminar could operate with
discussion groups of manageable size,
the students were divided into two
groups of about a dozen each, Each
discussion group held two sessions per
week: one session in which members of
the departmental faculty were present
and another in which no faculty mem-
bers participated. In addition, each stu-
dent discussed papers he had written
during the semester in two tutorial ses<
nuns with faculty members.

At the faculty-student Sessions, two
or more of the {our faculty members,
Mr. Haveman, Mr. Pollak, Mr. Dawson,
and Mr. Voertman, who had responsi-
bility for the operation of the seminar,
were present. Mr. Knopf and Mr. Stauss
also joined the sessions at various times
during the semester. in these discus-
sions, students were usually confronted
with vigorous academic debate. The
books chosen for these discussions, such
as Lionel Robbins’ The Nature and Sig:
nlticance of Economic Science and
Veblen's Imperial Germany and the in.
'dustriai Revolution, were quite conducive
to such debate.

This controversy was intended to serve
several purposes. The outlines of doc-
trinai dispute within the discipline were
presented to the students, Moreover, in
a situation in which the professors were
in obvious disagreement, the students

could not as easily accept the opinions
of one professor as they can in the
usual classroom context. The contro<
versy in these sessions was also to
serve as a model for the student ses<
sion without professors.

Throughout the semester, grades were
deemphasized. The notable absence
of this regulatory mechanism was com-
pensated ior by tutorials which served
to guide and discipline student's work.
Each student had an individual tutorial
on the two papers he wrote for the
seminar. One of these was an expository
paper that served as a lead-off to the
discussion in tha students-only sessions
of the material covered by the paper.
The other paper was of a more inter-‘
pretive type and covered a topic of the
student's own choosing. The tutorials
were handled so that the student could
obtain a sense of the gap between his
actual and potential understanding of
a topic without having a feeling that a
grade was directly tied to his perform-
ance.

The introduction of this seminar into
the curriculum entailed the sacrifice of
four senior level courses. These courses
covered the subjects of international
trade, business fluctuations, compara-
tive economic systems. and structure of
industry. A senior major would normal-
ly have taken two of these courses. To
some degree, material from these fields,
but on a lower technical level, was in-
tegrated into the students—only seminar
sessions. Nonetheless, there was a sacri-
fice of standard subject matter and
technical training for the sake of bene-
fits from the seminar approach. More-
over, non-majors sometimes enrolled in
the former courses; thus, these interests
were also sacrificed in favor of the
seminar, For the coming year the de-
partment has moved to fill some of these
interests by offering an international
trade course for non-majors during the

, first semester.

Student response to the seminar varies
with the student's particular experience
and is therefore difficult to assess;
however, some patterns of student opin-
ion have emerged. There is a general
enthusiasm among the majors about the
facultyrstudent sessions. The topics and
controversies of these sessions were
found to be challenging and stimulating.
There appears to be less enthusiasm,
however, for the students-only sessions.
Ths criticisms of these sessions center
around the varied quality of preparation
by the students for the discussions, the
sometimes wandering nature of the
meetings, and the fact that the materi-
als studied in these sessions were not as
interesting as those dealt with in the
faculty/student discussion. Students al-
so found the tutorials on their intere
pretive papers to be more rewarding
than the tutorials on the expository

papers.

 

} Schlestnger

(Continued from Page 1)
back into the stone age tomorrow, the
war Will continue,” Schlesinger den
clared.

Former Presidential Press Secretary
Pierre Salinger, speaking from Los An<
geies, commented on the relation of the
President to the press, as Well as V0ic<
lng opinions on Vietnam and national
politics.

Salinger noted the complexity of
White House communications problems.
He recalled that when President Ken-
nedy and President DeGauiie placed a
wreath at the Arc tie Triumphs in
Paris, a direct line to the White House
was waiting at the base of that famed
French monument,

He also stressed the need for coordi-
nation of information at top government

levels, in order to avoid embarrassing
conflicting statements such as those is-
sued at the time of the U72 incident in
1960. Khrusciiev later told Salinger that
had it not been for Conflicting denials
and admissions of the v.5. spymg, it
would have been possible for the Paris
summit cenlerence to be held. And
President Eisenhower's scheduled trip
to the Soviet Union would not have
been cancelled.

Salinger also predicted that the war
in Vietnam would continue through the
1968 Presidential elections, for Ho Chi
Minh is Convinced that the US. public
Will soundly reject the war effort.

0n national politics, Salinger pre-
dicted that ex-Governor George Wale
iace's campaign for the Presidency
would hurt the Republican cause in
1968. He also predicted the emergencu
of a “peac- candidate” in the election.

Need more funds—

May n. im

Ex ioco Pareniis goes on—wiih problems

By Kit Leder

If the student will raise his eyes from
his book for just one minute and clear
away the log which surrounds his head,
he Wlll see an interesting phenomenon
floating across the horizon. This is the
Ex Loco Parentis, Gl'innell's new ott-
eampus coffee house. The relevant
question is not “What is it?” but “What
is it going to be?”

The coffee house has received its fair
share of criticism; criticism which is of
the utmost importance ll EX Loco
Parentis is to grow into what it should
be: a refuge from the campus, a place
where performers and artists can ex-
press themselves. a crucible where
ideas can be refined through free ex-
change, a common ground where the
formal gap between student and protes-
sor can be breached, and, central to all
this, a place where no one feels con-
strained to leave his shoes on, use a
napkin, or refrain from shouting. With
the abolition of Women's hours next year,
the Ex Loco could fill a Vital need by
providing a place to go after midnight.

So much is possible —- but the Ex
Loco is not by any means a permanent
ﬁxture yet. It exists as an experiment
sponsored by the Board of Religion.
The Board has provided the funds nec-
essary for this semester. But unless the

nine months rent for next year can be
guaranteed, the building where the
coffee house is located Can't be held
over the summer. Concessions barely pay
for themselves and not included in the
rent are gas and electricity. Nine hun-
dred dollars is needed in order to in-
sure the existence of the Ex Loco next
year but sources are scarce. Some
money will come from the senior gift,
some from the SGA, and the Board of
Religion hopes to contribute some. But
the amounts are indefinite, and it is
doubtful that the entire nine hundred
dollar requirement can be met from these
sources.

In spite of its name, the Ex Loco also
faces the problem of legal responsibility,
which now rests solely on Mr. Dennis
Haas, faculty advisor to the Board of
Religion. If the coffee house is to con-
tinue to exist, a corporation must be
formed; at least three people over
twenty-one must agree to be legally
responsible for the venture. Some of
the possibilities under investigation are
town church leaders. professors, and
students over twenty-one.

Problems loom large. They must be
solved or the Ex Loco will come to
grief. And it isn’t likely that such an
ambitious Venture will be embarked on
again in the near future. Yet so much
is possible. . 4 .

 

Singing priest for "active worship

By Ann Kirschner

America's answer to the Singing Nun
guitar-toting, folk-singing, hymn-writing
Father lan Douglas Mitchell, Episco-
pallan "free-lance" priest and mission-
ary, and one-time gasser and greaser for
the Greyhound Bus Company, captivated
nearly a full house at Herrick Chapel
last Sunday. Father Mitchell led the
worshippers in the Folk Song Mass he
composed in 1961. He has presented it
in cathedrals, churches, night clubs and
concert halls throughout the country,
and it has been used in many foreign
countries.

WUS linked to CIA

Ed. Note:

When informed of the alleged relae
lionship between the WUS and the CIA
Chaplain Dennis Haas, of the Board of
Religion, which sponsors wos auctions
replied that he knew nothing of the cone
nection Ind had no relevant lruorma-
tion.

CPS — In Chicago, Michael Wood, who
originally gave the CIA story to RAM-
PARTS magazine, charged that John
Simons. the current executive director
of World University Service (WUS), is
employed by the CIA,

WUS is an international student charity
organization which conducts tund~rais<
ing drives on American campuses.
Thirty-nine per Cent of U. S. WUS funds
received since 1954 have originated with
the Foundation for Youth and Student
Affairs. according to Roy Henderson of
the University of Chicago‘s International
House.

A WUS investigatory committee is cur-
rently attempting to determine any con-
nections the group might have had with
the CIA through funding or employment
of individuals associated with the intel-
ligence organization.

Deadline for applications for
Reporter editor for {all lie] in
Wednesday, May i0.

Father Mitchell's feeling that worship
should be active, rather than passive,
was well exemplified by the response
to Sunday's service. an dynamic per-
sonality was contagious and had the
congregation joining in heartily with his
foikrstyle melodies. He successfully set
the stage for an energetic sermon on
"living the Christian life" which pro-
vided a change of pace from the intel-

lectual critiques of the Bible usually oi~ -

fered on Sunday mornings. Having told
the choir during a rehearsal of the Mass
that “it you call yourself a Christian,
you should have caiiouses on your knees,
he expounded on that subject at some
length for most of the sermon.

The Folk Mass itself is a collection
or pleasant, catchy melodies, providing
a tasteful accompainment for the Angli-
can version of the mass. As folk singers,
Father Mitchell and his wife have ap-
peared in night clubs in several Ameri-
can cities, and they recently toured the
Far East, giving shows in churches,
schools and hospitals. Presently travel-
ing around the country to promote a
renaissance in liturgical music, Father
Mitchell has served churches in Chicago
and Indiana and a Navajo Indian mis-
sion in Utah. He studied composition at
the American Conservatory of Music in
Chicago and his next project is a festi-
val mass with organ accompaniment.
“I have nothing against the organ,” said
Father Mitchell, hoisting his Gibson
into its case.

Apply for Peace Corps

Prospective Peace Corpsmen are re
minded that the deadline for this sum«
mer’s training programs is Monday,
May 15. Application questionnaires are
available at the city post office

ADDRESS HEREr

eaanoo nanny!)
suorgezag bilqnd

 

