SCARLET & BLACK

Student Newspaper of Grinnell College

 

Vol. LXXV

Grinnell. lowa. Friday. September l5. I967

 

ENOAMPMENT
TO BE AT
NEWTON

By MARTHA BERKEY

The 1967 Grinnell Encamp-
ment will be held Oct. 13-15 at
the Christian Conference Cew
ter near Newton, The event will
signal the exodus of sixty-five
students and twenty-five iacul—
ty and administration mem<
hers for a weekend of batting
brains together over problems
of the college community.

Encampment C o m m i t t e a
Chairman Tom Triplett ex-
plained in an 5&5 interview
this Week that the number of
student delegates has been in-
creased by 15 over last year’s
total “in a real effort to get
Wider representation of students
and a cross-section of all stu<
dent opinion." For the first
time, freshmen will be able to
apply. Applications will be
available next week.

“We want interested and in-
formed students," said Triplett.
“We are trying to de-empha-
size the elitist concept which
has grown up around encamp-
menti We want to broaden the
delegation from the standard
crew of student 'leaders in
elecled posulons." 0f the scope
of discussion topics, Triplett
voiced a hope for a more spe-
cific focus on campus issues
rather than the philosophic
themes of last year's encamp-
ment.

Other committee members
are Debbie Nelson, Peg Slice,
Hubert Farbes, Jim Peacock,
and Greg Wallace.

STUDENT 0N
LEMOYNE YEAR

By ANNE JENKINS

Perhaps the most frequent
question which has been asked
since my return from LeMoyne
has concerned the attitudes of
the students, their beliefs and
goals. LeMoyne’s student body
is no more a monolithic entity
than is Grinnell's: it is, in fact,
probably less so.

LeMoyne is a non-resident
Negro college, with almost all
students coming irom Memphis.
With no dormitories, students
have little opportunity to learn
beyond the time they are on
Campus; there is little chance
of integration and learning with
other students. This places more
importance on the professor,
and as yet, the professor in
most cases has not provided
either enough demand on or
stimulation for the student.

Planning for dorms is pro-
gresslng, but nothing will be
done Tor a few years. (Presi-
dent Price has served the col-
lege for 25 years, and will leave
the problem of converting Le-
Moyne to a residential school
to his successor.) Until thil

LEMOYNE—

Continued on Page 11

Photo by non Hooker,

Jim Arieti christenr the first two campus bicycles ai’
unveiling ceremonies on central Campus.

CAMPUS BICYCLES UNVEILED

A small number of students,
attracted by mysterious “Un-
veiling” signs, attended the pre
sentation of the first two David
M. Gibson Memorial Bikes to
the student body of Grinnell Col-
lege last Saturday on Central
Campus.

Master of Ceremonies Jim
Arieti began a count-down min
utes before the presentation be-
gnn.

An onlooker entered into the
momenous spirit by remarking
that the maid staff would be
unhappy it they could see that
Grinnell sheets were being used
as veils.

Another member of the group,
a recent victim of a bicycle
theit, had to be reassured that
the bikes had been legally pur-
chased the night before. As the
moment of unveiling neared, the
onlookers became respectiul,
aware of the importance of the
occasion.

With proper acknowledgement
of form, Mrs Arieti broke a but-
tle of spirits (’2) over the cov-
ered (arms, and then unveiled
the two bikes.

The bikes, a boy‘s and a
girl‘s, freshly painted orange

and red, were presented to two
representatives of the student
body, who promptly put them
to use by riding off. Further
bikes will be financed through
the sale of the David M. Gibson
Memorial Magazine and dona-
tiuns.

JAZZMEN PHOTOS
TO BE IN FORUM

“That’s Jazz, Man,” a col~
lection of photographs oi tra-
ditional Jazzmen by George
Fletcher. a protessional photog—
rapher from Des Moines, Will
be exhibited in the bulletin area
in the Forum Sept. 16—23.

The collection, which has been
exhibited at Youllkers in Des
Moilles, includes photos oi Lou-
is Armstrong. George Lewis,
Zutfy Singleton, and other tra-
ditional jazzmen, Most oi them
are action shots taken at con-
certs or Clubs.

A 1940 graduate of Grinnell
College, Fletcher has been a
professional photographer since
1948. He is an avid jazz fan
and hosts the “Jazz Man” show
heard On K50 radio from 10
pm. to midnight every Sunday.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Photo by Don Hecker

Bubbling over with enthusiasm for their work, Cleveland

sophomores Barbara

Duhl

(left) and Linda Cutler

(right) have been blowing soap bubbles in ih. library
(on and off) is three nemesis”. ”We don't think it
victim any rules," ihsy explained, "And nobody to“
ever stopped us." Why do They blow bubblsif "Becaus-

they‘re hm."

HOUSE PRESIDENTS WANT
LIBERAL ROLES LEGALLY

The following statement was read at the open Senate meet-
ing Wednesday by West Norris House President John Wiles.

We, the members of the Council of House Presidents and of
the Associated Women Students Board, both as individual leaders
and as representative of student interest and opinion, believe that
an expression of open dorms is integral to the realization of social
and intellectual goals of‘the College, and wish to state our Syﬂ'h
pathy with the dissatisiaction of those who would now declare their
independence from present college social regulations. We must ob-
ject, however, to any impettious. irresponsible, or potentially dam-
aging method proposed as an initial effort to achieve social reform.
We believe that [he opens question constitutes a valid issue in it<
self. but that it is but one of several important areas of college
life with which we and the general community should be concerned.
Moreover, in the consideration oi any proposal ior significant al-
teratlon in present social or academic conditions we respect and
fully recognize the necessity for maintaining facultyrstudent and
admlnlstration-student rapport as essential to the orderly pursuit or
progressive changes in the college environment.

We would like to state our conviction that the present open
dorms rule is a restriction which not only is unecessary to the
safety and wellrbelng of members of the college community, but
also is seriously inhibilive to a desirable development of individual!
who can accept. or be challenged to accept, the ultimate responsi-
bllity for their actions and for the respect which is due to others.
To us the structural ieatures of this college have already con-
tributed much to sustaining a sheltered sort of environment in
which parochialism, restricted horizons, and individual irrespons‘
bility can develop, survive. and flourish, We believe that we must
and should make a concerted effort as student leaders and repres
sentatives to oppose and remove unreasonable restriction on the
individual. We therefore commit ourselves to a program ot fro<
quent and iruitiul discussions with Student, faculty, and administra<
tinn. of such issues as the institution of an alternating dorm
structure. the possibility for academic revision, and a significant
relaxation of existing social regulatons.

The present rules on open dorms constitute, to us, a regret-
able social restriction. We exhort the administration and faculty to
respect the honesty of our criticisms, to listen with open minds to
our expressions oi justiﬁcation, and to be receptive to reasonable
arguments and requests for any reform. in the meantime, we re-
assert our dedication to pursue the changes initially through tlle ex-
isting legal system

FACULTY ON LEAVE BUSY
AT ACASEMiC INTERESTS

Iege, Liberia, Dr. Kurtz is
studying the cultural changes ot
Liberian tribesmen,

 

A variety of research, teach-
ing, and writing assignments in
Africa, Europe, Central Amer-

ica, and the United States are
scheduled for five Grinnell COL
lege faculty members who are
on leave this academic year.

The five are Sheldon P. Zit-
ner, Carter-Adams professor of
literature; Kenneth A. Chris-
tiansen, professor of hiology;
Ronald J. Kurtz, associate pro-
fessor of anthropology; Robert
F, Voertman, associate profes-
sor of economics; and Eugene
A. Herman, assistant professor
of mathematics.

Dr. Christiansen is conduct-
ing research on collembola
(small insect . like animals
found in both soils and caves)
at the Laboratoire Souterraine
at Moulis, France, and Dr.
Herman is preparing a book on
singular integrals at the Uni-
versity of Hamburg, Germany.

Dr. thner, who is engaged lo
I set of studies of Shake-
upeare’s use or earlier Italian
literature, expects to spend the
second semester in lisly. He
is currently working on the
project in Grinnell.

in addition to teaching an-
thropology at Cuttlngton Cots

Dr. Voertman is coordinating
the Associated Colleges of the
Midwest Program of Field
Studies in Central America at
San Jose, Costa Rica.

Back on campus after being
on leave last year are seven
faculty members.

Six of them were off campus
the entire 1966-67 academia
year —— Raymond F. Betts, pros
fessor of history; Andrew P.
Debicki. professor of Spanish:t
Ned Donahoe, professor 0!
speech and theatre; Roger J.
Hanson, professor of physicsn
John R. Kleinschmidt, profess
sor of French; and Waldo S
Walker, associate professor oi
biologyi '

The seventh one, Wi
Vanderpool, Jr.,

am 5
professor oi
speech and theatre, was away,
during the second semester.

Drs. Hanson, Kleinschmidt,
and Vanderpool spent their
leaves in Europe. Hanson con-
ducted research on nuclear
spectroscopy at the University
of Aarhus, Denmark; Klein-
schmldt was in Paris research-

FACULTY—

(Contloued on Page 10)‘

 

SCARLET 8 BLACK

Efudenl’ Newspaper of Grinneli Collego

1101 Park SIM BIIIMII Colloqo
GMT. low. lo"!

A weekly newspaper publishzd Inch Friday of

P d" college year by the Grinnell Committee on SW-

en! Publicationl. Represented [or national adver-

Mumb" 0' 0h. using by National Advmilinﬂ Service. 1M» Colloid

Yuhilshun R nresemntlve 15 Eur 50th Strut. New

“ll-oint- cm 22. is Second cl... gauge and It Grinnell.

pm. My“ prion nub ti on rcnool you. into

uni-mu .

MANAGING EDITOR

pnid'rubscripuo .
business mucosa
CIRCULATION HANAG

um Anon-
Neti mun
. cupnen WInh
Incl Stron-

Editorials . . .

THE COLLEGE CABIN

The college cabin at Rock Creek is being sold. The state Wants
ID expand the facilities at the State Park, and is in the process of
purchasing the land owned by the college

The loss of the Cabin is unfortunate for Grinnell students. Al-
Ihough the steep and often muddy path from the road and the
outmoded restroom facilities detracted somewhat from the cabin’s
popularity, it provided on adequate shelter, privacy. and — most
important —- was privately owned. '

The State Park closes at 10:30 pm, and imposes restrictions
on cooking ﬁres. Other parks with adequate shelters and cooking
iaciliiies are at a iinancially prohibitive distance for casual use.

There are two questions arising from the coming sale of the
cabin. Since the sale is not even near the final stages, why can’t
we use the Cabin this Fall? Lee Arbetman, North Campus Social
Chairman, was told by Dean Winters that the Cabin was in need
of repair. We were told last Fall that the cabin was in need of
repair, yet it was used. Arbetman oliered in help pay for repairs
from the social fund, but Winters said the cabin was closed pezu
manently.

The second question involves the future of oiiscampus property
for social programming. According to Mr. Lambie, business mana-
ger of the college, there has been no discussion of purchasing any
property to replace Lake Acre.

Loss of the cabin Is a further restriction on already limited op-
portunities ior social activities. Failure to secure a new location
for an off»calnpus cabin would be unlorgivable.

REVOLUTION

The September Revolution was shortliveo. Worried house
Iimsidenls stood before their restless flocks, and explained that
‘Leggett was ready ID let It third of the faculty and twothirds of
the students go" in order to maintain the supremacy of the rule:
over upstart students.

The masses were lulled. A catalog of possible college improve—
ments was read at Wednesday’s open Senate meeting by Ric
MacDowell. At that same meeting, Chairman of the Faculty Wall
[aid that the Curriculum Committee repon should reach the stu-
dents in November.

The activists returned to the underground, Part of their work
had been successiul. The idea of revolution had been instilled
upon the minds or the members or the college community.

Few of us would welcome an open revolution and its necessary
repercussions; however, even fewer of us are satisfied with cola
iege social regulations as they stand now. Somewhere between
revolution and maintaining the status quo lies the desirable course
for liberalization. IT We really believe that social rules change is
important, let us not be timid about steering closer to the former.

THE STUDENT HANDBOOK

i got out my Student Handbook the other day. I wanted to
brush up on regulations covering Sunday aiternoon open house.

I was rather surprised to iind that the page designated for
this topic in the Table of Contents was blank.

Looking through the handbook, I noticed a total of four blank
pages. included among the topics to be covered were open house
regulations and the Preamble to the SGA Constitution .

Was this some colossal printing error that went unnoticed, or
did it happen only in my copy?

or aren‘t there any open dorm rules this year?

LANCAN
OFFICERS
ELECTED

Langan hail lined its vacant
ofﬁces tor this academic year

semesterr chuck Main replaces
Pittman as vicepresidont. Neil
Fischer was elected to fill the
hall’s vacant Senate seat,

All student: hitcrested in
participating in a writers’
workshop in poetry, prose,

wednesday night. As all candi-
dates ran unopposed, they were
elected by acclamation.
John Pittman was elected
gesident ol the hall. He had
en the acting president since
the last week or the previous

or piaywriting, are invited to
come In Ibe Coffee House
Sunday at 8 pm. Questions
about the workshop should
be directed to Paul Jones or
John Herr.

SCAR LIT AND ILACI

LETTERS TO
THE EDITOR

LONELINESS

To the Editor:

Although back as a senior, i
must suggest after only a week
oi’ encountering a raw hardened
Grinnellians ( h I I sometimes
"aloneness" is cultivated by
the Grinnell student as a lign
of his tough individuality, his
lack of Med for others not like
himself.

Appreciation of variety, par-
ticularly of personal types,
often seems lacking, sometimes
causing paintul hardness and
discourtesies. In turn, these
conditions make “aloneness” a
necessity for some.

I miss my individualistic and
liberal friends the one
who stressed kindness. the one
who admired the courage of
Grinnell's not so well accepted
who looked for the beauty, dig-
nily, humor, irony, and variety
in life, and the one whose cro-
ntive endeavors were visited
upon others. Example can be
tound in the remaining human-
Ists.

Hopefully, Grinnell will not
become a boring, humorless
haven of recluses who come out
only to serve popular causesl
T h e n interpersonal respect
might approach the level of aha
stract social concern on our
campus.

Carolyn zeman

FISCHER’S COLUMN

To The Editor:

Mr. Neil Fischer’s column in
the last issue seemed to me
worthy of comment. As I recall,
last year the student leaders
announced that it was sufficient
to abolish women’s hours at
once; any problems arising from
that action could be taken care
of afterwards with no inconveni-
once.

It would appear that Mr,
Fischer is beginning to See what
others, myself included, argued
all last year — that the action
was too hasty and that inade«
quate planning had been done.

May 1 say that i was struck
by the maturity of Mr. Fischer’s
solution? He writes, ”Get angry,
and tell them what you want."
I believe that the technical name
for such behavior is “tantrum."

.lohn Crossett

QUIET IN
THE LIBRARY

To Tile Editor:

Libraries are traditionally
places in which the maintenance
of quiet is almost religiously ob-
served. The Students here at
Grinnell have found that this il
one tradition worth savmgr Even
during the peak evening study
hours, when hundreds of stir
dents paclt the reading room
and other study areas, there
can be heard only an occasional
murmured conversation.

It is quite distressing, then,
that during the day there are
voices that echo throughout the
library I, and probably many
or my fellow students, would
appreciate from Mn Alden and
the library sialf the same re<
spect and consideration for the
study habits of others that most
Students are careful to observe.

Tom Jackson

RADIO STATION

Friday

EXPECTED TO START

THIS SEMESTER

Two years of hard work will
pay off when the new campus
FM radio station sin its first
broadcast sometime in late
November.

in the meantime, m energet-
ic and enthusiastic stall mem-
bers, under the direction of
Station Manager armi Armajani
will undergo extensive techni-
cal training in the areas or
newswriting, control operation,
programming and announcing.

Construction will start shortly
on the station's studio which is
to be located under the stadium
at the south end of Ward Field.

Equipped with a wioot an-
[cons and a lO—watt transmit-
ter donated by Mr. Robert
Noyce, President of the Grin-
nell College Board of Trustees,
the station will insure quality

broadcasting up to a distance
of 21/, miles

Tentative plans tall hr thc
nation to operate on followul
Monday - Thursday 7 am. I
1 am; Friday and Saturday
7 am. — . 5 pm. and 9 pm,
- 1 am; Sunday - 1 ram. to
midnight.

in addition to a regular sched-
uling of news, sports, and pop.
ular and classical music, the
radio station's proposed sched-
ule allows two hours per day
of prime time for special pro-
gramming. This provision will
make possible delayed broad-
casts of campus lectures and
concerts besides the presenta-
tion of leased radio tapes and
syndicated features such as Tho
Shadow and The Green Hornet.

 

A prayer beginr every slid

Photo by Don Hacker
own dim... .i the Quad.

PRAYERS AT OIIAD DINNER'
ARE THEY} NECESSARY?

By DON HECKER

One of the last vestiges of
Grinnell College’s past as a
churchrsponsored institution can
still be seen every night at
5:40 at the Quad. it is
the custom or singing a short
grace before the regular sit-
down dinner,

The singing of grace at the
Quad is, according to Dean
Low, “merely a tradition train
the past.” “This type of cere-
mony is characteristic of pri-
vatelyrowned liberal arts cob
ieges," she explained

She believes the singing or
grace adds to line total atmos-
phere at traditional, gracious
dining.

Last year, South Campus voted
to retain the custom.

One Read junior stated that
she was under the impression
that most people were indiiter-
ent or opposed to the prayers.
She assumed that they would
be discontinued in a few weeks.

For herself, she said: “I feel

that I am singing a solo every
time."

Another girl commented that
It seemed that her friends could
never get through prayers With-
out giggling.

Althuugh there seems to in

little enthusiastic support for
the prayers, Dean low indicated
that she had received no air
jections, and that therelore
there has been no thought to
discontinuing the grace.

At least one of the prayers
is theologically unacceptable to
religious groups that do not ac<
cept the trinitarian doctrine. it is
also opposed to the belicls of
any taith that does not accept
the doctrine of forcing their
beliefs on the general public,
and all noanesiern religions.

Dean Low explained that stu-
dents have a choice, and do
not have to attend sit-down
dinner, but suggested that per
sons who might have Io attend
could only stand silently.

The Quad custom is not com-
parahle to the arrangement at
Cowles, where only a moment
of silence is observed at sil-
downs. The Cowies system al-
lows for wide religious divers-

ity.

Patronizc Our
Advertisers

 

r W. VIM! 80AM.“ AND WAG

Food

JV! RISTMIRAM

 

Page Four

Films by Dick rrrnminn
Ric MacDowell addresses

Wednesday's open Senate

SCARLET AND BLACK

Frlday. ieptembcr 15‘ I961,

initial. hhhhhih Cdillillllll'TEE PhdthSS

By NEIL FISCHER

The curriculum revision report at President Leggett’s ad lion
Committee on Educational Policy will appear in a few weeks, ac-
cording to Chairman oi the Facility Joseph Wall.

Wall summarized the "premises and objectives” oi the report
Wednesday night beiore an open meeting oi the student senate in
ARH.

The committee, which began work last September, had six
basic premises, the faculty chairman said: To take a critical look
at Grinnell’s “general education” requirements; to recognize in-
creased interest in independent study; to possibly revise the college
calendar (to a quarter or trimester system rather than the present
semester system); to examine the idea oi inter-disciplinary work;
to check “overrspecialization and oversprolessinnalization” oi our
education; and to “look at our iaculty organization.”

Chairman Wall explained that during the first month of work,
Leggetl’s ad hoc committee “was doing nothing but read.”

Swarthmore College’s educational policies, he said, were par-
ticularly scrutinized. “They seem to be doing much the same sort

He said that flityone per cent of male students and forty-nine
per cent oi iemale students who had been sent the questionnaire
replied to the committee. He noted that. these percentages were
about double What “poll-takers would expect."

Most. criticism from students of the Grinnell academic situation
stemmed from advising and counselling worries, the chairma
said. Particularly, Wall stated, underclass and psychologica
cottnselling availability were questioned by students.

“Surprismgly enough,” Wall mused. “Most students inter-
viewed said they iound non-academic lite at Grinnell a satistactory
complement to academic life.” Seventy per cent of students sup-
ported this conclusion.

Asked by East senior Don Winney why students did not par-
ticipate on the Committee itself, Wall said two factors were in-
volved. He said that “. i . first of all, discussion Could not have
been as tree among iaculty members ii students had sat in on
the meetings.”

Another {actor involved, Wall explained, was time. He said
that. Professor (Alan) Jones estimated that the committee spent

”99“”!- Te“ °i ”'9 oi soul-searching we are.”

ipeeth follows below.

in committee work.

Wall. added that questionnaires distributed to studenls and
Grinnell College graduates at the end oi last year were helpiul

around 300 hours in discussmn.

There are six facility members 0! the ad hoc Committee on
Educational Policy. The Chairman of the Faculty and the deans are
ex officio members. Professor Haveman l5 committee chairman.

 

MACDGWELL SCCCESTS MANY AREAS FOR CAMPUS COMMUNITY CONCERN

More important than any one rule is the concept oi a total view oi our college
and the ideals we feel it should strive for. There are some, however, who cringe
at the very thought oi general philosophy and demand action rather titan words. We
heartily sympathize with them, ior we recognize the necessary need ior action and
yet can not move in any direction until we decide what our end results should he
and how they will eiiect us in both shortrrange and long-range perspectives.

As an institution, Grinncll’s primary responsibility is academic. We are here to
be educated. Yet, education is liot the process in which a professor lectures and the
student repeats those lectures when called upon in a final exam. Education is active.
it demands an exchange oi knowing where the protessor leads his pupil as both or
them search in an attempt to iind an understanding. And it is knowing, not. knowl<
edge, ior knowledge is terminal while knowing is pi-ocessive and continuous. it is
jointly productive, and that is what makes it exciting and relevant. We can learn
irom every person who surrounds us. And all of this learning should have as its goal“
the preparation oi the learner ior iiie — not academics, but life in a real world at
sweat and fear and problem Too often we ignore this here at Grinnell; but that
should he education's primary purpose, especially in a small liberal arts college.

The change toward this which we must take comes in two areas: First Ihe cur-
riculum. This fall as Mr. Wall has stated, We will receive a report by the curriculum
committee. We should use this as a jumping-oil point for improving Grilineil. We
can not tear radicalism in maki g charges, ior we need it. The teacher-pupil rela»
tionship is poor ior many iactors. Why not have all lectures mimeoed and handed out,
then spend the usual lecture time in meaningiul class discussion? Change the
curriculum to make us think. Add a new course in 20th Century American mytiis
in which we would delve into the myths oi our time which we are perpetuating. and
seek some solutions to them. How about going outside oi our narrow concepts oi
Western society and setting up courses in Asian studies? Cut down graduation credit
requirements so more time can be spent in meaningful work outside the classroom.
Set up community action pi-ogiams where students could work in a ghetto ior a
semester and get iull credit. li we are going to have programs like the ACM se-
mester or year in Latin America, then one participating should receive inll credit
rather than squabling with dept. heads who don't like the program, and receiving
only partial credit, iorcing them to spend extra time in undergraduate work. We
must make our curriculum come: alive and bring exClIement into the most. routine
“intro” courses. The enthustasm of a lively bull session should be present in ARH,
but this takes concerted community eiioi-t, especially on the part oi a willing faculty
ready to make necessary changes.

However, changes are not only essential in Ihe curriculum. Since we are a re.'
dential college. oilr total living situation should enhance and complement what hap<
pens in our class rooms. Our present living situation does not . . . in {act it negates
it. The carryover from the classroom to the dorm is ml, How many students know
a professor well enough that they ieel he could write a recommendation about them
as people, not academicians? How many students actually try to build this necessary
rapport? How many iacnlty members deliberately shy away irom it, reeling that
their job is one which stops when the bell rings? Look at the inadequacy oi our aca-
demic counseling system. How many iaculty counselors can recognize their students
by sight and call them by their tirst names? Why not change the present system and
set up one where competent upperclassmen council in both the academic and social
area, then have those truly interested iatulty members serve as general hall conn-
sailors who work will) the student counselors, using their skills, plus those of the
psychiatric climc and oiir administrative counselors to set up a really worthwhile
program. l-louse presidents should be encouraged to invite prolessors to balls to talk
intormally as people. not lecturers. What's wrong with seniors and others inviting
profs up to their rooms for a beer and a bull session? We must be willing to work
will] each other as individuals, not separate groups of faculty, studcnls and admin-
istralion. We have a community and must act in the context of that Communty, not
the way we alone ieel.

To me a Grinliell education does not pi'epaie students ior liie, because it does
not help them to relate to other people. Besides a better relationship among inculty,
administration, and students, we need a better relationship among students them-
selves. Our social system with an unnatural separat on of men and women in a cored
campus . . . reiniorced by separate eating places, tends to segregate us. People
don’t ieel at ease with one another. There is a lack of meaningful interaction and
a lack oi respect. We aren't really open to each other, but narrowly reject or
accept people on a superficial basis. The sexes seem to get together for iormal
dating only, arranged in advance and go only to what the college calendar sets
down. We complain that social events aren’t what. We want, and yet We don‘t spon<
laneoiisly try to set up our own. The Senate initiative fund is there to provide in-

centive for exactly this and Willi a revision in the procedure for using it, hopefully
we will iind more creativrty and spontaneity in the social area. Our shiny Forum, ior
the price it cost, has a sterility in it which reinforces the structuralism which We
are attempting to remove. The South Lounge is a place ior creative discussion, yet
you can’t speak above a whisper and the piano is only played on formal occasions.

So we need changes in our social structure. Although there is a possib 'ty oi get-
ting central zed dining in the near iuture, maybe we should investigate alternation
of dorms as a better solution. integrating the campuses so you see a man or Woman,
and ieel you can casually talk to someone oi the opposite sex without calling up a
week in advance. I've heard lots or people say that alternation would be great —
just so i don‘t have to leave my hall or be separated irom my hall brother — per.
haps we should start by investigating the parochialism in our own hall system.

Also within the context oi social relationships the lack oi opportunity for each
oi us to 'meet in a situaton where we can meaningfully relate both as couples and
as intormal groups. Besides the inconvenience which is caused by a lack oi opens.
the individual’s ability to govern his behavior and accept necessary responsibility is
hampered. With these ideas in mind the student house presidents, recognize that
the problems in these two obvious areas, the academic and the social, must be
solved. We see the appropriate means or action through legalized channels in which
we consider the immetlate and future effects of our decision. The COfl-‘lP-AWS Board
plans to initiate discussion Within the college community which will result Within
a matter oi weeks with a specific proposal to the senate. Here the work oi the
CDHP and AWS in the area of rule change can be complemented and reinforced.
But there are other areas of importance, some of which seem mundane alter the
sensationalism oi opens, htit which are important. We need to iorm a Senate com-
mittee to nvestigate and vvorl- out grevieuces with Saga. We need to set tip a new
system of course evaluation, perhaps including written teacher evaluation, available
to the stttdents. We need to investigate the possibility of changing the time ior elec-
tions to allow new otiicers moi‘c tliTlE to get oriented. We need to look into the World
around us and set up talking about the Vietnam war and how we can and il; we
as students must learn how to play a meaningiui role in changing our rotting society.
We need to set up more chances ior recreation to ease academic tensions. We need
more noncredit workshops in areas like iamily planning, marriage, accounting, the
arts. We must change this college to in the catalogue so people will come here and
won't be disappointed. in order to have better communication with the Trustees per-
haps every graduating class should select a person to serve a one year term as a
Trustee immedately after graduation. Maybe we can set up a program in which
protesscrs can give students credit ior any work they ieel is academically worth-
while. How many proiessors visit the classes oi their iellow collegues, and otter-
suggestions on teaching method? Maybe one class period per semester in each course
should be devoted to a general discussion of education and the problem of learning.

It is not the job of a college to train students in a moral line, but, rather. to
present relevant materials to them so each Student can develop his Own critique.
The Grinneil Weekend for this spring is entitled “The Museum as Tastemaker in
Society”, and I fear it is not the relevant topic it could be. son should, it no else
can, set up programs like Grinnell weekends on drug use, on sexuality, and any
other pertinent. interesting topics. Ii we need money, then let's set up a Senate
committee ID work with Mr. Avison to get foundation grants for our worthwhile
programs.

Besides using our own ideas, we can communicate and discuss programs with
other schools, remembering, however, that we must iit their programs to our needs,
ior by blindly adopting them we also adopt the problems inherent With them.

Finally we should look at some oi our newer programs and evaluate them _
lntErlm, no women’s hours, and hopefully, a radio siation by Christmas. We must
relate their problems and iailuies to what we are planning now.

i don’t tiiink that this is the time or plate for separation. We are not a school
where students and administration and faculty are totally at odds—We do have some
common goals. Our problem now is to pursue them in a context oi meaningiul dis
cussion resulting in programs we need to solve Grinnell faults. This will take com-
munity action and work. In our discussions we must recognize the total effect oi our
actions and the ultimate consequences they Will have.

I hope you'll recognize that change is essential and that changes can come best
through work. We must make sure that our demands are truly our needs. Sacrifice
may still be necessary, but it must be based on responsibility and thought. Our at-
titude must be positive, just as our education must be positive — for it is only
through accentuating the positive that we will succeed in making the Grinnell ex-
perience relevant and worthwhile in the context or total community in preparalion
for life.

 

Friday. Soptsmbor l5. l957

A STUDENT OPINION

SHALL THE S'l'llliEliTS ENGAGE Iii REiloLllTION?

by ERIC moit

There has been some discus<
llou lately regarding student
aspirations for the development
of die Gi'irulell College Com-
munity. As indicated in the
statement of SGA President Ric
MacDowell at the Senate meet-
ing Wednesday. these aspira-
tions are far-reaching, com-
plex, and certainly greater than
just the open issue or even the
entire matter of student social
relations.

I hope i may be forgiven,
then, for focusing merely on
the subject of social regulations.
The broad nature of our total
aspirations makes it impossible
to deal With them all at olice.
We ought to begin where we
can, and by a series or dis-
tinct decisions move toward
(treating the type of community
we believe Grinnell ought to be,
The social issue is an appro-
priate beginning because it has
received much attention ill the
past and student opinion is
clearly unified behind a basic
desire for liberalization.

The administrators, however,
have not been noted to be ad—
vocates of a liberalized opens
policy, Students feel, with some
reason, that if anyone is going
to initiate change, it will have
to be We, since a continuation
of the status quo (i.e.. admin-
istration passivity) would be a
defeat of our aspirations, We
have therefore been engaged
in a debate over tactics where-
by we might hope to initiate
change. Revolution and discus-
sion, “student power" and “le-
gal means," have been pro-
posed. The “legal meansers"
have prevailed and we antici-
pate a senate proposal on the
social situation within a week
or two.

I must admit that i tend to
doubt that opens will be ex-
tended through legal means,
Administrators have not indi-
cated any approval for such a
policy, and if the free and open
dialogue which is supposed to
exist between students and ad
ministrators is a reality, it
would seem that we should un~
derstand each other pretty well
by now.

But before we engage all our
hopes in the “legal means.” at
Student Government, we ought
to question the assumptions of
the system which delincs those
means, In our attention to the
question of under which parti<
Cular regulations we would like
to live, we have ignored the
broader question of who ought
to enact those regulations.
Should we request that the ad
ministrators legislate for us in
ii certain way, or should we
request that they cease to leg
islate tor us altogether? We
need some basis of knowledge
and theory upon which to pro-
ceed.

our legal system. as described
in the Student Handbuok, is
founded on a resolution 0f the
President and the Board of
Trustees issued in 1963, which
says:

“The primary responsibility
for making and arranging

for the administration of rules
affecting student life proper-
ly rests with the administra.
tive oflicials and faculty 0!
the colleg (pg. 24)
i see two possible objections to
this statement. First, it con-
tains an error in the use of
the word rule; this points to
a possibly larger philosophical
weakness,

A rule, says Webster, is a
“law," “guide," “regulation,"
or “bylaw," “governing pro.
cedure or controlling conduct.”
I would describe a rule as an
institutionalized response to
meet a need for control. For
example, our library has a need
for controls over the use of
library books, and rules are in-
stituted to meet the need. Sim-
ilarly, rules tunction on an in-
dividual level, A person recog-
nizes a need for control of the
use at his tune, so he institutes
basic rules regarding his sleep
time, study time, recreation
time, etc. A person recognizes
a periodic need for cleanliness,
SO he institutes a rule that he
will take the time to take a
shower at appropriate intervals.
We see that not all “rules af-
feeling student life" are or
ought to be or could be made
by the administration, (a fact
for which 1 assume they are
grateful) and that some rules
must be made by each student.

It seems only fair, then, to
ask how we shall recognize Whu
ought to decide what constitutes
a need for control, alld who
ought to institute the control,
in any particular case. Spccb
fically, if a student feels he
does not need to be Controlled,
or that he can institute his own
Control, and an administrator
feels that the student needs to
be controller], and that he (the
administrator), ought to insti-
tute it, how is the Conflict to
be resolved? This leads to the
second objection to the stator
merit of 1963 — ln declaring
that they would be the indis-
putable judge of all such con-
flict, the President and "frus-
tees failed to provide any jus-
tiiication ior playing such a
role. I rather doubt that there
is any justification available to
uphold so sweeping a declara-
tion.

We should not let ourselves
be awed by prejudices such as
tradition or power in lacing

'thls question. if there is sucll a

thing as “justice” or “right"
it ought to be applicable to an
actual case, As Rousseau said,
“. i . . force does not con-
stitute right, and . , , obedi-
ence is due only to legitimate
powers." (The Social Contract,
Pg» 9)

The question then becomes,
“What makes an exercise of
control legitimate?" At this
point, “objective truth" be-
comes nebulous if not nonexis-
tent, but there are some re-
spectcd philosophical principles
to guide us. i would say that
an individual ought to exercise
the greatest possible degree of
individual freedom. Restriction
of his freedom can be justified
only by the laws of the United
States, the State of Iowa, or

SCARLET AND BLACK

the city of Grinnell, or else by
democratic decision of an ap—
propriate group. while I realize
that in many areas of life at
Grinnell, “an appropriate
group" for such restriction is
the administration, in other
areas, it is not.

Regarding social regulations,
it seems that an individual's
freedom should only be re-
stricted if his freedoms were
in conflict with those of another
person. Then “an appropriate
group" ought to include those
persons and the other mem<
bers of their basic social (or
living) unit. At Grinnell, the
basic social unit would usually
be the members of a particular
residence hall, although on a
matter of wider concern, sev-
eral halls or the entire campus
might be the basic unit. If the
entire community were involved,
the iaculty and administrators
would participate also because
then they would be members
of the basic unit, Griimcll Col-
lege. Each individuals vote, in
any case, would be equal to
every other.

Perhaps other principles con-
flict with those I have sug-
gested. i would like to hear
them explained. But in the
past, the arguments I have
heard supporting the present
"legal system" have seemed to
be based on expediency rather
than philosophy, and l lind my
self believing our current rules
to have been made by force
rather than logic and upheld
by tradition rather than justice,
However, eacll of us must de-
cide for himself: 1 move be-
yolld this decision to a discus-
sion of the possible conclusions
about scltgoveriimcnt and strat<
egies ior change, and their im-
plications for Grinnell.

Some students may believe
that we do not have the right
to make our civil social regu-
lations. They might, if they de-
sired, petition the administra-
tion to be granted the privelege
of self-government.

Others may believe that We
have the right, but that We
should not use revolution or
radical action to gain the prac—
tical exercise of selfrgovern-

. ment ,There are a large num<

ber of things to be considered
about this. i think everyone
favors using the most peaceful
means possible for achieving
social change, but what if the
administrators turn us down?
What if there are then no
“legal means" left?

Judging from past experience,
I would guess that the majority
of us would continue to have
illegals as often as possible.
There would probably be no
more students practicing com-
pliance then as there are now.
We would still have to choose,
however, between a quiet non-
compliance aiid an outright rev-
olution.

Some would then say, as they
have in the past, that it would
be best to keep things quiet
and continue to have illegals
without really defying the sys-
tem. This would avoid the dis-
comforts of a revolution, but
has several dtsadvaiitages. 0c-

casionally, students are expel-
led or put on probation for
illegals, and it could be any
one of us in the future. At
present it is not possible to use
illegals for more than a very
limited range of activities.
There iS a chance that the
peace and quiet We have been
accustomed to will never again
settla over this issue. Probably
most important, 1 feel it is
detrimental to a student to live
in a situation such as Grinnell
has been and is, in which it
is presumed that all illegals are
held for sexual purposes, and
that the primary reason for
being alone in a room with a
person or the opposite sex is
to “make it” in private. Each
year's freshman class is be-
trayed by the upperciassmen
who let such a system continua.

Others would think a revolua
tion too costly in terms of
damage to our community and
our relations with the outside
world. it is true that a great
deal of bitterness might be
aroused by a student uprising
However, it may be that at
some point it becomes more
irresponsible to be silent than
to be obnoxionsly vocal. 1 think
those who speak of the neces-
sity of preserving our spirit of
community are well intentioned
but that they fail to realize
that there are some extents of
inequality and authoritarianism
beyond the limits of which the
concept and practice of com-
munity cannot be stretched.
Even a benevolent dictator is
prevented by his very position
from empathlzing with those he
rules. Perhaps the subject must
assert his dignity at the expense
of the ruler before they can
really engage in a community.

it has been said that radical
action at Grinncll would affect
the college's relationships with
outside groups such as parents,
alumni, trustees, potential stu-
dents, and donors. The implla
cation has always been that
this would be a damaging effect,
but perhaps we should not as-
some that unlll we have some
information on which to base
an opinion. And even if it were
to hurt Grillltell in terms of
money and public support, per-
haps the good a revolution could
do on campus would be worth
it. Money is vital to a college,
it is true, but there is much
more to a college than money.
Also, the way a revolution would
affect the outside world would
depend partly on how it was
treated by the administrators,
and if they were to permit
peaceful change, or to produce
satisfactory arguments against
student self rule, there would
be no revolution at all.

Some would say, or have
said, that a revolution could not
succeed. I do not see how it
could fail, if enough of us stood
firmly united. If enough students
truly believed it was their right
to be selirgovernlng, and if they
simply began to exercise that
right, the revolution would be
invincible. How many would be
enough? No one knows exactly
— perhaps if tivo or lhi'ee halls.
acting as individuals and as
,social, units. wera‘ to withdraw, .

J", .l v)- “iii

Page Flu

__._.

the system might be defeated“
perhaps it would require great-
er numbers, But I am confident
that if we decided we were gos
ing to have a revolution. we
would also have a victory.

t ALDRICH

Continued from Page 1
where her main concern won
with the development and priy
motion of automated health
testing.

Before movmg to Washington,
Steve had attended the Union
Theological seminary in New
York City, working towards a
Bachelor of Divinity degree.
While in Washington, he collect.
ed material for an as yet un-
completed thesis on Christian
ethics in the bureacracy.

When the Aldriches were on
fared employment at Grlnliell,
they were already considering
a change from their Washing.
ton positions. They were not
sure what they wanted to do.
but this opportunity at Grinnell
seemed to be a perfect interim
between positive jobs. They
were “delighted that the Dp‘
portuoity came along to be
closely acquainted with the de-
velopment of Grillilell,"

Myrna believes that her role
as Resident Advisor will bee
come whatever the people up
Volved will make it. She will
try not to get greatly involved
with politics of the hall or take
sides on issues, which “will be
difficult to do." She wants to
devote as much time to the stu-
dents and their problems as they
would like.

Myrna would also like to be
able to serve as a liasoii bes
tween the students and the fac-
ulty. She feels far enough away
from being a student not to
tliinli exactly like one, yet close
enough to remember what col<
logo was like. In this position
she feels that she can offer a
different perspective to plot»
lems.

So far, the Aldriches have
found their new situation very
enjoyable. Myrna has always
liked working with people and
enjoys getting out or the “ster-
ility" of government. Although
Steve is employed by the col-
lege as a traveling admissions
counselor, already several girls
have used the opportunity or
having an “older" man around
with whom they can talk over
problems.

) KRAUSMAN

Continued from Page 1
jobs: employment interviewer,
waiter, Yiddish teacher, toy
salesman, pepper-jar filler, Wells
Fargo guard, etc. In 1964 Kraus-
man went to U. Mass. He also
studied at Mt. Holyoke, the Val-
ley Film Center, Smith College,
and Amherst. His hobbies are
writing and talking. He holds
an MA. in playwriting whiclt‘
he considers more of a liabil-
ity than an asset (“If you have
a B.A. you may be able to
write, an M. A. it's doubtiul,
a PhD. is iatal.")

For more information call
ext. 509 and ask for Lope D’
Mould.

 

Photo by nick '{reumann

CARLET AND BLACK

Friday. splomloor I5. I961

v11“ ’ £4 3§

Photo by Nei| Fischcr

Weaving a web at mystery in her embroidered and
Thomas. strikes a relaxed pass by the college sigh. Tom hinged Pancho, hip Pai- o'cshhor. a Read tieshman
wears a conservative brown mil. breeder. and s paisley hem Des Moines. la.. worries over her venerable heads.
ﬁe, De spider open expression, Pat i. usually attired in
leans. turtleneck. and ihadax.

A good Joe hem Alton. lll.. Gates xophomore Tom Siaispangled "band guys"
Jerry Wimmer liighil displ-
asm sit the pole. Jerry. a La
Grave. Wisc., sports e {91‘
suii. boots. and a JFK medal
hem Cedar Rapids. lu., we.

a iimulaied leather raincoat.

GHRISTIE
0’LOUEEHLIN

'I’m impressed with the call-
her of the student body as a
whole and the variety of things
oiiered to Students at Grinnell,"
wmments Christie O’Luughlin,
resident advisor [or Medrs and
ltlain halls.

Miss O'Loughlin comes from
Boston, attended Smith as an
undergraduate, and received
her master’s degree in mod-
em Chinese history from the
Mniversity oi Washington in
teattle.

She learned about the posit-
lion open at Grinnell from Dean
’Alice Low’s daughter, a student
at the university

Considering studying tor it
Boctorate in guidance and coun-
Ieling in colleges, Christie want-
ed a job living with students.
She previously worked as a res-
ident advisor at the University
pt Washington.

in addition to her duties as
jovisor and counselor, Christie
is Working in the admission'
oitice. She feels her primary
duty is to represent the admin<
lstration in the residence hall
and serve as an intermediary
between administration and stu-
dents.

 

JAGK MILLER

Jack Miller, newly arrived ad-
visor to Clark and the Norrises,
is also a member or the depart-
ment of education. He Will teach
a course next semester; this se-
mester he is an observer of stu-
dents who are practice - teach-
ing in the Grinnell p u b l i c
schools.

Miller hails from Kansas City,
received his BA. from the Uni-
versity of Missouri (spent his
junior year at the University oi
Vienna) and an M.A. from Hans
vardr

Asked about his reaction to
Grinnell. Miller said that it ll
pretty much what he expected.
“1 had few preconceived no-
tions. although i did expect it to
be rather conservative" He
noted that the other advisors ho
had talked to seemed to have
expected Grinnell to be in tho
toreiront of Midwestern liberal-
ism—something akin to Antioch.

He 16615 that the atmosphere
he has encountered here is some-
thing ot a cross between that of
a state university and the ivy
League. The days he has met
are quite similar in interests to
those he knew as an undergradu-
ate at Missouri,

Miller sees his rule as an ad-

visor, not as a policeman. He
disagrees with those advisers
who feel that simply because
rules have been made, they
should be enforced. Rather, stu-
dents need to arrange their own
lives so that they do not bother
others. No other restrictions are
necessary. If he made any pre-
tense ni entorcing rules. Miller
suggests. he would lose the conii<
dencs of students and he un<
able to advise them.

Photo by Leigh Seacord

i BETI'E DAVIS

This year the girls of Loose
Hall have an enthusiastic new
addition to Grinnell’s faculty in
their midst. Miss Bette Davis
Miss Davis came to Grinneli
alter receiving her masters de-
gree tram the University 01
Washington and spending tilteen
months of study in Germany

Bette iinds Grinneli exciting
and demanding She is an as-
histant instructor in German as
well as a resident advisor.
Bette has had previous experi-
ence in couneling and is serious
and enthusiastic about iti Dur-
ing both her junior and senior
years at South Dakota State
University she was it student
adviser of underclassmenr

Bette approves of the ubolishr
merit of the housemother sys-
tem, which she experienced in

college ,and wants to be a
friend of the girls rather than
an "in loco" parent. she de-
scribes her job as one of making
life as "problemiess" as pos-
sible for the Loose girls.

Bette is the type or girl who
gives pizza parties tor iresh-
men and plays on swingsr She
is auditing classes and will be
singing with the choir. Bette
has always described her life
as being ”active or too active."
This year promises to be just
that for her,

Phoio by Dick 'i'retimunn

ZELTE GRAWFORIJ

“As a resident adviser i see
my role as still nebulous. This
is what makes the job flexible
and attentive. Structure would
restrict freedom and stifle com.
munication.”

Zeito Crawiord, resident ad-
visor [or South, North, and
Smith halls. sees this as an im-

rtant aspect of his counsel-
ng work.

Zelte gained experience in
counseling before his position
here working in a mental hos-
pital and for the Job Corps. He
also has a varied background
in the liberal arts. with con-
centrations in philosophy. so-
uiaiogy, psychology, English and
Il‘t.

Working within the context ct
ﬂexibility, Zelte hopes to es-
tablish a rapport with the stu-
dents so that he can communi-
cate with the people that need
help.

“These persons should be able
to bring in problems openly
and honestly because I'm not
going to be a rule enforcer.
The students must assume re‘
sponsibility tor their own ac-
tions.”

While having been here only
a short time, Mr. Crawford
closed with a comment on the
campus living conditions.
“North Campus is less hypo<
critical than South Campus be- ‘
cause North Campus seems
more concerned with making
ideas and actions synonymous."

ro-
Photo by Leigh seucnid

SUSIE ARGENTI

Mary Argenti (better iinown
as Susie),~ resident adviser for
Haines and Read, sees herself
as a liaison between students
and administration. in addition 5
to her counseling duties, she is
an assislam in the music de—
partment. with tour private
voice pupils As a member or
the college choir. she observes
Mr. Jones with a view. pose ‘
sibly. toward aiding him in the t
preparation of the Verdi Re<

 

Finlay 'ﬂepiembe‘r W, l967

Photo by Nell sciier

y Jensen lletll and
svenilsgging enthusi-
sophomore irorri Elm
blue-and-whiie Levi
enny. a James junior
ailiei knee-boots and

em for periormance during
vocation Weekend.
. native or Redwood City on
. Francisco Bay, Miss Argen-
ajored in music at Domin-
n College in nearby San
rael, where she performed
quently as a Soloist with their
lege choir.
-fter a year or study toward
l . A. at Stanford, she Went
Morence, Italy to study voice
I to do research for her dis-
-tation, which was to have
n a performance edition of
so solo cantatas by Alessan—
i Scarlatti. This project was
shed away when the Arno
as!” its banks last Novem-

or the next month, Miss
genti worked, along With
usands of other students, at
task, still not completed,
salvaging manuscripts and
iiitlngs damaged by the flood.
9 left Florence only because
had to return to Stanford
d begin another project to
fill the requirements {or her
gree.
ow does she conceive her
ie at Grinnell? “Certainly not
a disciplinarian." l-ler pri-
.ry responsibility is to be a
end to the girls and a mum
lpr with ,wam they can talk
ly. Their problems, she said
e handled in strict confidence,
th two exceptions: it a girl’s
alth is in danger, authorities
.y need to be alerted in order
protect her Well-being, though
5 will not be done without
r consent: If her hehavinr
ows a continuing pattern or
laviolations, the resident ad-
or would, alter giving lair
.rning, bring the matter to
- attention or the house pres-
llt. Since she is concerned
th supporting hall govern-
ent, she would not go direct-
(i the administration with-
L consulting hull ottlcials.

lCARLET AND BLACK

Photo by Dick Trenmaiin

A hard worksiliri who describes his dress as “law
camp.“ Essi sophomore Dick Kemp. tram Hyde rsrk.
lll.. cycles around in dirt. iearls, ssndsls, snd general
disarray. rlis bike is in Amid-Mustard coupe _ as

sprockets per cubic wheel.

Miss Argenti doubts, however.
that rule enforcement will be
come a major concern to her.

She hopes to become well ac<
quainted with her girls and to
take advantage other apartment
(the enlarged and newly-redec-
orated Haines housemotller’s
suite) tor iniorinal entertaining.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Photo by Don Horker

JOHN MARTELL

John Marlell, resident advisor
for Cowles and Dibble, [eels that
Grinneil’s main shortcoming is
isolation and the “small college
paternalism" that accompanies
institutional living.

Martell, who earned his BA.
and MA. in English Literature
at Western Michigan University,
tavors apartment living because
it enables students to set their
own standards as they must in
later liie.

increased open dorms would
be ai improvement over existing
conditions, he asserted, caution-
iiig, however, that opens and
women’s hours are trappings
that distract lroni the real prob-
lem: “that it’s institutional liv-
ing "

Unlortiinately, he continued, it
is apparently impossible in Grub
Hell’s ease to eliminate the insti~
tutionalism.

or present conflict between

student leaders and administra-
lion he said, “i don’t think it's
a matter of the administration
trying to suppress the students."

Martell sees his "somewhat
nebulous position of resident ad-
visor" as a counseling iunction
although “we’re not trained as
psychiatrists." He is available
to discuss problems with stu-
dents who don‘t want to talk
with administratinn or other
students.

”The resident advisur,” he
stressed, “is not a policeman or
a spy for the administration.”

photo by Leigh Seacord

MYRNA ALBRIGH

Two men are living in Cleve-
land Hall. The elder of the two.
Steve Aldrich, is the husband
of the Resident Advisor in
James and Cleveland, Myrna
Aldrich. The other is their two.
yearsold son, Jeffrey.

The Altlricbes, both gradu-
ates lit Grinnell came here this
tall (rum Washington, D.C.,
where Steve ivas serving in
the Bureau of the Budget re-
viewing programs and budgets
oi the U. S. Army Corps of
Engineers. Myrna was working
for the Public Health Service

ALDRICH—
Continuetl on Page 5

 

Page luv-n

Photo by Dion rreuiiiann

psri aerli Alexander. 5 Haines senior from Chicago, lll..
gets sri "A" ior excellence in her light-blue A-line dress _

and polka-dot bow.

Photo by Alan neriiliai-dt

10E KRAUSMAN

Joe Krausman, resident ad-
visor -in Langan, is a noncon-
iormist playwright and a mem»
her or the Theatre department.
when 5&3 went to interview
Krausman, he said, "Let's for-
get the interview, have a beer,
and talk. It you want some in-
Iormation copy the jacket of
this (The Ice Cream Parlor
and Other Mechanical Plays by
Joseph Krausman).

We talked, or rather Joe
talked. about many things. me
said he thought residents
were a good idea, especially
for the residents. About Grinnell
he had this to say: “There
should be more going on; 1
was amazed to see so little go-
ing on. The students are great.
In tact, the whole school would
be great it they put it on a dolly
and wheeled it off to Cam-
bridge." Joe has had some an-
nual stories published. When
asked it they were for Children
or adults, Joe replied, “or
course, they’re for adults. Kids
are too young [or animal stor-
ies; they should be reading
“porn" books. Adults already
know too much about sex; they

CAMPUS
FASHIONS

By 5&3 SOCIETY EDiTORS

Fut-ons are as important a:
take-olrs in college.

Eilt there is some controversy
as to what constitutes Suitable
suits and the correct (arm of
address on the Grinnell Campus.

Ranging trom conservative
styles to high Kamp, college
clothing retlects life’s variety
of niches.

Scratch a niche, however, and
you get a sartorial sub-culture.

Joe c o l l e g e, Betty Cured,
bleached blue \Vorkshirts and
“hippie lowa teeiiy-buppel‘” are
all parts or the central campus
scene.

A ﬁnal style of dress goes
by the name of “bandrgily
clothes’lrstyles that members at
i'llythmsandsbhles bands wear,

Posing as cerebral Grinnell
students, you can see them all
on a sunny alternooii.

llllllillllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllIIIlllllIIlllllllllllIIlllllillillllllllllllllli

should be reading about Enid
mals.”

He will be directing two of
his Mechanical Plays (each
play teatures some mechanical
device around which the action
takes place) in Arena Theatre
Sept. 26, 27, 28. Joe expects to
Write at least a few stories and
a play during his stay at Grin.
nell this year.

For those who are interested
in such things, Joseph Kraus-
man was born in Brooklyn
where he attended the local
schools. After two years in the
Arm y, Krausman went to
Brooklyn College where he ma-
jored in Chemistry and history.
Alter teaching history a num-
ber of years Krausman did odd

KRAUSMAN—
Continued on Page I

 

'agl Iighf

SCARLET AND ILAOK

Friday. September IE, ”57

 

IN THE BEGINNING . . .

Last December set the preo-
Odent, and now both the ad-
ministration and the student
body are reaping the results
of the turmoil which that in-
conclusive battle created. “Now
we must try again," is the
cry; challenge the stains quo;
go to the extreme to get re-
sults, action over reason, not
for the sake at, or in the ser-
vice of reason, but for the sake
of action itself. What is the
cause of this annual battle-cry?
What is the end in View? What
are the real motivations for so
aciing? Pleinly not everyone
feels exactly the some way, or
has the same end in view, but
at the same time. a large num-
ber of people are willing to par-
ticipate In a common action, or
common means to diverse ends,
How can this be?

The first confusion that must
he noted is one having to do
With ends, or what those peo-
ple who have originated the
controversy really want. That
is, are the ends which are
sought broadbased enough to
warrant such overt action, or are
they really too miniscule to
be allowed to assume the
proportions of principles
Worth fighting for? This
‘l‘Iistlncthn must be realized he-
tore any action whatsoever can
be taken The problem is that
too many activists are crying
for a change not in the form
of principles (from which rules
are derived) but are starting at
the wrong end with rules and
then trying to develop princi-
ples. This confusion can be
clariiied by asking, “What is
the longstange goal of any re-
iorm: principles on which to
set up rules which will then be
longrlasting. or the rules them-
selves?" The answer is an 0b-
.vious one, of course: one should
seek first for the principles and
then derive the rule from the
principle. This is the only log.
ical way of maintaining any
continuity in a community or
any sort.

But it, on the other hand,
one is led by a small number
of pseudwrational activists who
are verbal tor the sake of a

For School or
Typewriter
Supplies

Grinnell
Office Supply

GRINNELL. [OWA
Action from the Post om“

narrow point oi view, the only
result is e derensive and very
likely overt reaction on the
part of the party whose prin-
ciples or lack of principles are
challenged. To be blinded by
the emotion of the ‘ceuse', and
not to perceive the narmwness
of the aim ultimately leads to
a kind of selfrdestructiarl.

Again, though, what is the
reason that this type of thing
happens over and over again?
Is it because students are in
actuality irrao‘onal. or narrow-
m i n d e d, or overly-emotional
cause-seekers? Fortunately this
is not the case. But rather, un-
iortunatcly. the cause is larger
than this and stems from a
problem which is not as easy
to perceive. The problem is one
or a confusion on the part of
those who actually do deter-
mine the principles by which we
live on this campus; and from
which indeterminate principles
the rules are derived. The con
fusion boils down to the inabil-
ity to determine whether the
principles or this college are
ethical or political. And it one
or the other, what kind of eth-
ical or political posture is cor-
rect. The fact is that ethics
and politics are not necessar<
ily mutually exclusive. and that
in use this distinction as a
basis tor iustitying conilicting
decisions or viewpoints is only
rationalization and another in-
dication of the ambivalence of
attitude and belief an the part
of the administration, What is
the goal of this college any
way? To create happiness for
all of the Students equally, or
just tor the greatest number
possible? The problem is that
principle-making resolves itself
into an old and very diiicult

Headquarters For" .

HOUSES . SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRESSES

9

GRINNELL NEWTON

By PAUL JONES

philosophical problem: equall-
tarian ethics vs. utilitarian eth-
ics. That is, should principles
and then rules be set,up for
the sake of each individual
equally, or for the sake of the
greatest happiness or the great-
est number? The vacillation of
the administration IS, on this
whole, an indication that no de<
cisiun has ever been reached
concerning this dilemma. In a
sense, the attitude M the stu-
dent body is justified when put
into the light of the adminis-
tration’s indeterminacy, An ex-
ample of the result of this is
last December‘s debate con-
cerning ‘ilexible policy: Now
this phrase is a contradiction
in itself. (or a policy is a set
or determined principles and as
such is not tlexible. The prob»
lems which arose last fall were
not the result of policy, but of
a type or amoebic flexibility,

What is needed then? Per
haps the iirst thing to do is
to call for a statement of actual
policy or principles on the part
of the administration with re-
spect to the desires of the stu-
dent body evidenced by certain
recent activities; then it will be
possible to formulate rules in
line With these principles, and
it will be easier to judge when
and ii a principle is violated.
The next step is for the student
body either collectively or
through their representatives to
decide whether these principles
are “good" or “bad" and in
the presence or the administra-
tion. On that basis then lustb
iiable action can be taken. But
let us not be so blind and ir-
rational as to continue a pro-
cess which has led and will
continue to lead only to more
and more conluswli, and on
such a narrow basis as that of
rules. Let us be aware of and
seek for principles.

0

74°“ [Y -R ECORDS- EXPERIKICE

‘T : NATASHA 259.0193:
w" E l56 sth’ntg..mtc.

 

See R & J for your
Yarn Supplies

Colombia Minerva &
Brunswick Yarn

Needles & Kniiiing Bags

905 MAIN

 

BATES FLGWERS

ANIMAL BEHAVIOUR

By Nei Fischer

II' Walls at Gdnneil could speak, they wouldn't. They’d
scream. . . .

And they do, some at them. especially on North Campus.
Smith l-lall walls are, in tact, among the most loquacious, fluent,
dependable, resourceful, and coherent walls I have ever seen . . .
or is it heard?

The fellow who put them up must have added a little extra
something in the mortar because — unlike most students who
dwell inside college walls — they Stand up for something.

The ﬁrst piece of graffiti I noticed was a quote from. i think,
Alice in Wonderland: “‘THE TIME HAS COME,’ THE WALRUS
SAID, ‘TO DO AWAY WITH CHILDISI'I THINGS.’ ” “Fire up {or
opens!” was penciled in by a later author at the bottom.

Then they got better: “I'M HOMOSEXUALI A VICTIM OF
MY ENVIRONMENT." I always did wonder why such a protec~
tive, conscientious college still allowed boys In other boys' room:
late at night.

“I'M HETRO-SEXUAL (le) , . , HOW ABOUT YOU?" Well.
I couldn't say. You see, I've been here a couple or years and . , .

One graffiti) was an alleged Smith interview with the deans.
The summation: “The bastion of liberalism took a beating Imm
a seige oi conservatism . . . Please do not approach your illus<
trious hall president for a while; he is in deep meditation over the
fate of SGA.”

I'll bet you some ones there are who do not love that wall.

How about “SMITH IS READY . . . ARE YOU?" or “SMITH
HALL STANDS FIRM AS EVER.” I'm sure the building does, any<
way.

One last example. particularly interesting (and thet'eiote radi-
cal): “WE WILL NOT SETTLE FOR HALF-A-LOAF! RAZE THE
OLD REGIME TO THE GROUND!!!"

But please, guys, it you do. leave the walls. Stone walls do not
necessarily a monastery make, And anyway I believe in “Fon-
tastick” miracles: “Remember. you must always leave the wall."

I encourage administrators who Want to know What other
students are thinking to read the walls daily and not my column.

Some walls, of course, are less radical (and thereiore less in‘
teresting) than others. The one inside the Langan doorway. for
example, just exhibits a note telling tieshmen they can get new
light bulbs from the maid, It is so easy to be enlightened at Grilk
hell.

The top Iwo floors or Boiling Library have walls of booksi‘
walls in Burling basement ere notably devoid of utterances.

Other walls lecture quietly on American constitutional history
in ARI-I.

Walls are weighty matter to think over, and I must admit I'm
a little bewildered while writing this Column. Last week, you
know, all i iliouglit l was doing was quoting a few administrators
— in context for a change. A faculty member labelled that column
“a tantrum,”

When 1 urged the student body to act in its own behalt, at
least one administrator implied I was a “Iascist.”

So this week I thought I’d just write about brick walls, I hope
you all write in aild call me a Mason.

,, prawn/w

 

in).

,‘,_od‘¢l,’“m;5 ,
year-n5, ' .IS""l'IN-‘ .
ﬁnial 9&1: {up mm

 

Friday, September IE. I967

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

* euuius torts

By KATHY SHEA

Stuart Dempster, concert trombonist, will open the 1967.53
Grinneli College Concert Series with a recital tonight at 8 11ml
in Roberts Theatre.

Dempster will present iive numbers, all composed in very
recent years. The first is Barney Chllds’ “Sonata for Solo Trom»
bone.” written in 1961. The other four, all composed in 1966, are
Jacob Druckman’s “Animus i for Trombone and Tape,” Luciano
Berio's "Sequenza V,” Robert Erickson’s “Rieercar a 5 for Trom-
bone,” and Pauline Oliveros’ "Theatre Piece for Trombone Player
and Tape," with choreography by Elizabeth Harris.

Known nationally tor his periormances of and experimentation
in contemporary music, Dempster has also toured Europe and
Canada. He has premiered a number or new trombone pieces, in-
cluding the Eerio, Erickson, and Oliveros works he will be per-
iorming here.

The Forum Open House, this Weekend's entertainment feature,
brings the Pete Klint Quintet, an exceptional band tram Mason
City, rowa, to the North Lounge irom 9:30 to 12:30 on Saturday
night. The band is known lor their hit single, “Walking Proud,”
very popular in Des Moines right nuwr

Robert L. Short, author of The Gospel According to Peanuts,
the number one best seller 0‘ all non-fiction titles in 1965, will pre-
sent a color slide lecture on “Peanuts” at 10 pm. Saturday in the
South Lounge.

Mr. short, working on his PhD. in theology and literature
at the Divinity School or the University of Chicago, is also giving
the sermon at 11 am. Sunday in Herrick Chapel.

“The Mountain Jug Love Band," a ”terribly groovy group,"
according to Rick Exner, pertorms at 11:15 pm. Saturday in the
South Lounge. They play all kinds or music, but emphasize blues
and sophistication.

As part or the continuing entertainment, Rick Bresden is play-
ing ﬂamenco guitar music at 10:15 tonight in the Forum Coffee
House.

The Jam Session at 10:45 pm tonight in the North Lounge
fealures the “Soul Survivors"

“The Caine Mutiny” (1955), produced by Slanley Kramer,
directed by Edward Dmytryk, and based on the novel by Herman
Wouk, is this weekend‘s movie in ARH auditorium. Starring Hum-
phrey Bogart, Van Johnson, Jose Ferret, and Fred MacMurrayI
the movie will be shown at 7:30 pm. Saturday and 9:30 pm Sun-
day. The story deals with a group of naval otticers who rebel
against an irresponsible commander, Captain Queeg, portrayed
by Bogart and climaxes in the famous court martial sequence.

“Luv,” starring Jack Lemmon and Elaine May is still play-
ing at the Strand Theater through Saturday. “The Big Mouth,” a
Jerry Lewis comedy, plays through Tuesday the 19th and “The
Oscar." a movie with a variety oi stars, including Stephen Boyd,
Elke Sommer, and Jill St. John, about winning an Oscar award,
will be shown on Wednesday and Thursday.

Air Conditioned
SERVING I4 KINDS OF

PIZZA

Hours

Mon. thin Sat, __
4:10 p.m. tn 1 ﬂ.mi
Suit. — #:30 P.m. to Midnight

FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Serving lrnm 5 put to 9 [1,!”
Spaghetti

ALL
NEW
1968

Ben eraham (Biology) finds himseli in deep water at

the carnival.

CARNIVAL A SUCCESS

Good attendance and general
enthusiasm characterized Grin-
nell's carnival last Saturday
night.

The booths, in general, show-
ed imagiiiatioii and preparation.
However, they came no where
close to replacing the enthus
lasni and excitement generated
by iloat building at homecom-
ing.

The casino and d u n kin g
booths were expecially attract-
ive to those in attendance and

FM TABLE RADIO

Salad

Garlic Bread

Coffee

PHONE 235-5331

PAGLIAI'S

927 Broad —— Grinnell

PATRONIZE OUR

o Vtecilion Vernierionin. - zenith Quail

rho nAv NDTE . Model x309. New,
llim decorator styling. New advanced
Zenith FM tuner. Large 6”x4” weaken
Aulomati: Bass soost Circuit. Line
Card PM antenna, cabinet comes in
‘youv choice at 2 colors.

$125

PIZZA

ADVERTISERS

Zlidili’s ounsr T0 cuusr

Your Gift Headquarters

Where Savings Are Great
&,on|ily Even Greater

- Autamaiir Fluzuonty comet lot drillJru m unplhn;
sprain

only

$2995

Leeper Music Company

83! Broad Street

the rides, lights, and music ad
deal to the carnival atmosphere.
For those who made it over
[0 Seventh and P a rk , the
haunted (Conlelence) house was
enjoyable.

The cool weather and lack of
more variety made the carnival
slow down before closing time,
but as a whole, those working
on the carnival ale to be con-
gratulated tor the originality
and hard work that made the
evening successiiil.

Welcome
Students

We Have Exclusively
DllBarry
Mary Sherman
St. Johns
Men’s Line
Stutld
Men's Line

King’s Chocolates

Also Visit Our
Personal Prescription
Department

THARP
PHARMACY

817—4": Ave.

Milburn lnleriors

lug: _ Fillewx ._ onip
m Mai-

Page Not!

EX LOGO TO
OPEN TSMGHT

EX Loco Parentis, Grinnell'l
nllrcampus coltee house, located
on Broad Street next to Leeper’l
opens this weekend, giving stu-
dents a place to go {or attel‘.
hours entertainment.

Plans have been made for
the coitee house to be open
from 10 pin. to 2 am. every
Tuesday, Friday and Saturday.
There is no admission charge
but donations are welcome. All
programs and services are vol-
untai-y.

Entertainment this weekend
features the “Folk Process,”
headed by Rick Exner on Fri:
day night and the “Soul Sun
vivors” on Saturday night.

The coiiee house, entirely
student run and incorporated,
s not oiiicially connected with
the college. Sponsored by the
Board of Religion, EX Loco Pas
reiitis has also received support
from the Student Government
Association, the senior class
gift, and private donations.

Entertainment ranges from
iolk and soul music to poetry
and discussions Food include:
expresso coiiee, truit, crackers
and cheese. The coifee house
workers, headed by David Swee,
are always open to suggestions.

Swingliner

@333

Test yourself...
Whal do you see in the ink blotsiil

[I] A Japanese
iudo expert?
Just an ink spot?
Mounl Vesuvius?

 

 

 

A Gene Aulry saddle?
TOT Staplers?
(TOT Suplenli Villain...)

This is a.
Swmghne
Tot Stapler"

so"

(inrludmg tooo stapler),
Llrgcr him we mil.

sum. any 51,59

Uncundirimuiiy air-untied.
Al nny itltionery, vuiely, or book “are.

SW lNGi

LONG ISLAND CITY, NV. mot

'uuwsﬂux nidlls 10L 1
outdoor; pinaar nor minus 1.0:. our...
.2... urine/C :aippur Anny auao y a"...

or air-u . r. ov -, mat.

to an

pun-4.; . o. no: ,r teams“

 

raga Ten

SCARLET AND BLACK

NEW VENDING MACHINES

'As the forces or industriali-
zation and mechanization con~
time their vigorous stride
across the United States, they
[para not even such a haven
of rampant ruralism us Grin-
nell. Machines have become
dominant in even this apple
checked society. Computers ﬁg-
ure grade points and ruthlessly
mete out rates and no longer
will the cries 0!, ”Food, food”

he heard on South Campus as
vending machines follow in tho
time-worn steps at Honor G.
Dispensing r; a n d y, retrig-
erated foods, sandwiches, and
cigarettes, and assuaging the
bottomless pit and nicotine
habit which is Grim-tell, ma-
chines are or are being instal<
led in Loose laundry, Gardner
lounge, Cowles and Younker
cloakroom. The machines, which

will be serviced daily, according
to Director oi Residences Ralph
Pomerenk, are part. of a gen-
eral relorm movement in the
reiurbishing of residence halls.

To aid and reinforce the use
of the machines, a change
machine which will accept dol<
[31‘ bills, half dollars and quar-
ters Will be installed in thu
Activities Room at the Forum.

 

SWEIE’S GRINNELL LAUNDRY

GRINNELL'S ONLY HOME-OWNED

Serving Both North and South

Campus Agencies

Specializing in Shirts and Wash-Pants

236-6071

 

GOOD FOOD - PITCHER BEER

FRIDAY NIGHT SPECIAL:

Complete Meal — $1.35
TOM'S LONGHORN

 

When- should you wear this chukka?

How about camping, picnics, sports events,
birdwatching and yard work for a start?
Once you start wearing this good looking
chukka, you can make your own list. Bucks
comes in either Breathin’ Brushed Pigskin”
or Bonzc, in smooth glove leather. In brawny
outdoor shades. Moc toe styling. And steel
shank for walking comfort. Try a pair.

ON MAIN STREET — GRINNELL

} FAC U LTY

(Continued (mm Page 1)
ing several projects involved
with Frenchrlanguage printing
and publishing outsxds ot
France during the 18th cen-
tury; and Vanderpool taught
logic at the American Univer-
sity in Paris.

Dr. Debicki divided his time
between Spain and the United
States While researching and
writing a book on the poets and

Friday. 'Sepi'ember I5, m1

poetry or the Spanish “Gener-
ation of 1927."

Dakar, Senegal, provided the
location [or a study oi urban
development in Africa by Dr.
Belts.

Dr. Donahue served as a
guest lecturer, teacher, and di—
rector at San Francisco State
College.

Dr. Walker studied blochem‘
istry and radiation at the Uni-
versity of British Columbia.
Canada.

 

It’s Cunningham Drug

for Brands You Know

Chonel
Caron
Rubinstein
Coty
Bonnie Bell
Max Factor

Fanny Farmer
Hallmark Cards
Eastman
Argus

Faberge
Yardley
Lunvin
Marcelle
Shulion
Tussy

Pangburn
Candy
Norcross Cords
Polaroid

Sylvania

Nine Flags
Brut
English Leather
Jaguar
Chanel for Men

Yardley
Bath Tub Gin

Cricket
Jade East Coral
English Leather

Lime

International
Jade East
Pub
That Man
Lonvin for Men
Faberge
Moonshine
Max Factor
Old Spice
Teak
Villa Deste

GIGARETTES —- LOWEST PRICES

, GRINNELL'S Bus‘iesr D‘Ruo sro

 

ﬁlthy. September tl. I!" ICAIILET AND ILACK

I trims... ., TASTY PASTRY SHOP
”M "For All Your
ily responsibilities Ind envn-on-

merit. Perhaps the responsibll- Bakery Nee d5"

ity to family also partially ex-
plain: the one to tour ratio or
male to female students. 923 BROAD

English and education are the 136-4396
This '3 where YOU BUY colleges two largest depart~

merits. Many students go on to

teach alter graduation, usually

The Best for less in Tennessee, Due to the tear

of reaction {or future teschin

ITOIE HOURS: MONDAY 11w SAT. 1:00-8:00 positilms, many students in thii

“In” 9:00 To 9:00 ﬁeld did not march with other
students irom LeMoyne in a

protest of police bnitaiity early

"90"" & 390"” MS Grinnell State Bank
scone AEROSO sits: liliesisthmus:

or utherwise). The march stem»

DEODORANT med [mm a dismissal of
89C charges against twn pulicen-len

in an incident with u LeMayne

neg” Pd“ ‘1‘" ' ' student. All at the Grinnell
students at LeMuyne — Rick
Bair, Grant Crandall. Mary

JERGEN'S Gieysteen, Terry Poland, and

myself 7 witnessed the hearing
LOTION $ 09 on the case.
Nonetheless, LeMnyne is a 1
. small, quiet college. it, [00, is TER
Em" my "/f'" P"'"P' "0 5'" """ isolated. Though there was both

isolation-and protection in the l'l
ULTRA BRITE a is 4* Ave-

exposure tn the city's activities. Fashions
TOOTHPASTE 52¢ freewﬁinhiiniilféifﬁiia‘i

Grinnell's Complell
. . but a token amount on tickets
We tom-It me ~ in many prays. vocal groups, Shop for Women

orchestra, and iolk groups per—

GIBSON forming in Memphis. Mention "SOMEIHING NEW
STYLE PRICE should also be made uf basket- EVERY DAY“

HAIR SPRAY 6 6c Efr'é’riidiév‘él‘ibif’ieiiolii,‘?§§

certainly the most enjoyedl Ene
16 M. Rag or Had. $1.19 lb.

 

Welcome to Grinneli

 

thuslasm for this sport is tre~
mendﬂus and will nut diminish
despite the supplementatlnn this

NESTLES GIISON year at two new sports, swim-
PRICE ming and tennis.

Dedication was made, cun-

CREAM RINSE win. rm

this spring, or the new student
union This may provide a place
tar cnngregatldn and the ex-

GIBSON change of ideas, as well as
MENNEN “ICE mod, whist (ur pindchle) and

fraternity news until students

SKIN BRACER can live together in campus
C residences. When this happens

79¢ sin

 

51.10 size the signihcance oi the Grinnell-
LeMoyne exchange program
will increase turther,

The value, learning, and en-
ST. JOSEPH GPIESSEN joymeut of last semester were,
(or me, immeasurable Meet~ ~
ASPIRIN 57c ings with John Birchers, pule Clockmemhkm
ling vines trunr beneath the nut-

. . , mileage oi the car coat
100 s _ 473., 5," ‘ juttings ot the library on a cut to inth length and
heautiiul Sunday morning {or timed to pace leshiun

a iriend’s sister’s wedding. and ' with swiit new looks,
eating chit’lins, are all a part These clever any-weather

CANNON 66‘ or it. coats sport handsome
Perha s, since LeMo he has tailorin ,st k d t '1-
BATH TOWELS ,, y ,, W

adopted a calendar year sirni- ins. and special leatures
lnr to Grinnell’s, with enough such ass in tront, a
Special , interest and organization the fresh slant on when

program could he expanded to or a soil DeiL
include both semesters.

HELBROS We are all interested in shar-
ing these experiences and others

WATCHES $1888 with all oi you.

Values M $42.50.

. . t dent 'Ierestedin
Your choice this week . S u s In

working tor Cyclm 'sx,
Grinnell‘s yearbook, in my
capacity shuuld call Peggy

Everything Ai Discount Prices moms“- at a m"

as possible.

 

Page Twelve
élllillltlillllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllilllilllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllill

Es & B SPORTS

WW”llllillllllllllillilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllillllillllllllllllliilllllillllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllll

' GRAY MATTER

sy BILL GRAY

Well. welll It seems that some people have been slightly upset
by some of my recent columns merely because my facts are ins
Iccurate,

For example, I said there would be two instead of three
referees this year which is incorrect. I also said the Smith preps
beat the Clark preps while, in truth, they never made it past mid-
field which can hardly be construed as dominating play.

in any case, I find this insigniﬁcant as my journalistic motto
Is, “It matters not whether you tell the truth, but whether what you
say makes good reading.” In the future 1 will try to be slightly
more accurate but don't go betting the family jewels on the au-
thenticity of my statements

Having looked at the I. M. football schedule [or this year, I
notice that the games will be played just a hop, step, and jump

from the center of the campus. All games, that is, With the ex-
ertion of those played on Stable Field which is a hop, step, and
amp, . . . and hop, . . . and leap, . r . and two giant steps, . . .
and eleven scissor steps, . . . and four hundred and sixteen strides,
. . The reason for this is that Mac Field is going to be turned
into an aboretum or something and therefore we must not tread
on it, This is about as sensible as putting up Keep on the Grass
signs in a national park I wouldn’t go so far as to say Stable
told is out of the way, but at the last game, four aborigines tried
eat our footballr As a famous English poet once said (or was he
l'ench?), “We’d gladly give up girls and meals /lr you'd give us
ack our football fields.” or was he Persian? Chinese? , r .

 

OPEN DAILY
5-1 Mon. thru Thurs.
5-2 Fri., Sat. 8: Sun.

AHRVANO'S

"The Garbison's" PIZZA Tom & sen.
Phone 235-6222 for Free Delivery

 

HANSEN’S
DANISH

MAID
BAKERY

Meyer Shoe Service

Next to Grinnell State Bank

Harold Meyer, Owner

THE VARSITY

Paperbacks
Magazines
Greeting Bards

Smoking Supplies
Newspapers
Records

SCARLET AND BLACK

HARRlERS SET
FOR SEASON

The cross country season
opens tomorrow with a dual of
three miles against Coe. it is
scheduled to start at 11 aim.
at the Griiineli cmss country
course, which begins on the
Ward Field track, goes across
the soccer fields to the golf
course and back again.

Coach Obermlller expects his
harriers to have a fairly suc-
cessful season if everyone stays
healthy. The team is led by
captain Doug Dray with Bob
Asbille, Bob Grant and Spen-
cer Clark mentioned as other
outstanding runners. Asbille is
a sophomore and the rest are
seniors Other members of the
squad include senior George
Potter, juniors Bruce Luecke
and Phil DeJong and sopho-
mores Eric Thor, John Siekert,
Steve Siegel, and Glen Brown-
ing.

A cross cﬂuntry team race is
either three or four miles long.

The official varsity distance is
four miles and the official
freshman distance is three
miles. A team consists of seven
runners with the top five {in-
ishers on each team scoringl
The runner iinishing iirst gets
one point, the second finisher
gets two points and so our The
team with the lowest score
wins. Thus, the man running
fifth {or the learn is as es-
sential to the team effort as
the number one man on the
squad.

Also running against (Joe to-
morrow, but not included in
the scoring, will be the fresh-
man team,

SUGSESSFUL

SOGSER GLUE
WANTS STILL
BETTER YEAR

Soccer, the most popular form
of athletic competition in the
world, once again takes its
place among Grinnell athletics.
Coached by Kojo Kpordze and
led by president Richard Marz,
the thirty members of the Sec-
cer Club are optimistic about
improving last year’s 46-1 rec-
0rd.

The Soccer Club is a student
organized and coached enter-
prise, With financial assistance
and team sport credit granted
by the Athletic Department.
Faculty siipewision is provided
through the services of Mr.
Worley.

The club practices on Mon-
days, Wednesdays, and Fridays
from 4: 15 to 6:00. An ilitersquad
scrimmage has been scheduled
for September 24 on stables
Fields The first game will be
on September 30 against Carle-
tan with matches against Knox
and Central included on the
roster.

President Marz stressed the
fact that the Soccer Club is a
teaching organization. Approxe
mately half the players have
had no previous game experi-
ence. All prospective players
and all spectators are urged to
support this winning team.

Friday. September [5, WAT

TiiE lilo ITZER

By JOHN RA:

The change of suit preference
signal is a useful deiensive sig-
nal which may give partner the
key to the defense of the con-
tract It is used when one is
free to lead one of several
cards in a holding and one
wishes to direct partner to lead
one of two questionable suits.

In the following hand, after
the six of spades opening lead,
the queen was played from
dummy, which was taken by =
East's ace, as Declarer dropped ff,” prff" 332°“
the seven. Not fooled by De- 4H p,“ p,“
clarer's raisecard, East re- Opening ind, xpads six
turned the jack of spades which
West ruffed, West realized that East was free to lead any card in
his spade holding and that the lead of the jack might be a change
of suit preference signal. Of the two suits other than trump (in this
case, diamonds and clubs), at high card signals partner to lead
the higher ranking of the two suits, while a low card signals the
lead of the lower ranking suit. East returned a diamond, the higher
ranking suit hoping that he found an entry to East’s hand. East
cashed the ace and returned a spade to defeat the contract

of course, before this convention is used it must be agreed tips
on by the partnership. The signal has wide application in no—trump
as well as trump contracts, and again is based upon two condi-
tions: one must be able to lead any card in one’s holding and the
card must be recognized as such; and there can be only two suits
to be distinguished, a high card signaling the higher ranking suit,
a low card signaling the lower ranking suitl

$0619
”a .. ..

09;!
dose

npzy new

7
o

a

K 0

Ens!
pan
pa"

 

Photo by Don Hacker
i WANT you . . . for Orchesis. Grinnell's modern
dance group needs men. Contact Judy Mendelsohn {or
intormaiion.

 

Wayne’s Steakhouse

”the Rex“

cocktails — Beverages — Fine Foods

NEXT TO THE THEATER

 

partner's

AIM/AVE ”FIST GUN-mt

GIRLS

Get Ready for Fall
This Weekend Thru Saturday Only

WOMEN'S NYLON HOSIEBY

REDUCED THIS WEEK
Regular Price 3 pr. for $2.95

NOW THRU 3hr . $234

SATURDAY

 

