 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FORMER GRINNELL STUDENTS Mark Schorr; Barb Shivley and Steve
Tilly (hit at man carrying Iign) in Iarf Saturday'r Vietnam war pretert
march in New York. The march war claimed to be the largeit anti-war
protert ever held in the U.S. 5.. additional pictures on page: 5.1.

New York march
is nation's largest

By Richard Schnelrov

The nation’s largest peace march,
held in New York City, was composed
of a wide variety of people. Partici—
pants included Women for Peace,
“Black rower” Negroes, 5.9.3. mem-
bers, Quakers, Teachers for Peace,
ciergymen, and local hippiesr Young,
bearded men carrying flags of the Na.
tional Liberation Front walked beside
well dressed couples from suburbiar

The march originated in Central

*5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Park in the “sheep meadow,” at 1
pm, April 15. Before the march about
7|) young men gathered in the park to
burn their draft cards. One of the
draft card burners was wearing the
uniform oi the Special Forces Unit,
commonly known as the “Green Ber-
etsr"

The march consisted, in part, of loose
groups or demonstrators. One of the
first group: to lead oft was a contin-
gent at college professors from colleges
in the northeast. Tho professors wore
their caps and gowns, and instead of

See NEW YORK on Page 8

GRINNELL'S ANNUAL DRUNKEN SPRING RIOT
took place last Tuesday night with less than the
usual amount at damage. This may have been the
last legal "riot": the deans plan to issue a state-
ment next week which will ban all future legal
riots. See more photographr on page 4. letter on
page 3 and editorial on page 2. Photo by my: Neuman

Senate continues
committee revisions

Phil Berenthal presided over his first
senate meeting. son president Ric
MacDowell rose to read a statement
from the dean’s offices announcing the
elimination of hours for all women dur-
ing the 19674968 academic year.

The senate formed a study group to
recommend any changes in lounge and
campus building hours. This group will
be comprised of members of the C of
HP, AWS board, and senate.

MacDowell his 0
announced President
Leggett is creating
a special faculty
committee to review
proposed changes in
the court system.

The senators con»
tinued to establish
committees. Berton-
thal announced the
senate would con
tinue the counseling
3 rt (1 admissions
committees. T h a
senate also created
a SAGA Committee
to serve as a clear
ing house for food
service grievances.
Any student m ay
belong to one or
these committees.

Coil-KP president
Bill Fligeltaub an-
nounced L a n g a n
will be loaned $100
from North Campus
social funds to buy
furniture from this
year's seniors to IE‘
sell in the fall. Flig-
eltallb justified tilts
action on the grounds that Langan’s so-
cial activities were hampered by a $180
deficlt in hall funds.

20 Phi Beies named;
Siauss gives address

Provost and Dean of the College
James ii. Stauss congratulated the
new members of Phi beta Kappa in
Herrick chapel Monday.

Named were David R, Dillon, Jen-

 

See PHI BETES on page I

The Grinnell
REPORTER

 

Volt 74—Grinnell College. Grinneil, Iowa SOIIZ. Sat..Aprii 22. I967—No. ZA

 

ill Grinnolilans march in BM.

By Phyllis Murray

“Restrained" was the byword of last
Saturday's peace demonstration in Des
Moines. A group of too marchers, about
100 from Grinnell, walked through the
downtown area to a rally at the Iowa
Statehouse. The Grinnell delegation in-
cluded 16 demonstrators who had
hiked 15 miles from Mitchellville to Des
Moines,

The controlled tone of the march was
set initially by its organizers (the Drake
University Committee on Non-Violent
Alternatives), who passed out mimeo—
graphed statements saying, in part:

“Let us not give the press a‘chance
to cloud over the central thrust of
our demonstration with extraneous irr
relevancies, be they outbursts oi pro-
fanity, Viet Cong flags, smart re-
marks or whatever else.”

This written warning was reinforced
with a pep-talk about the dangers of
violence and the importance of a peace-
ful protest.

As if to corroborate these admoni-
tions, at small group of hecklcrs cap
rying‘ signs proclaiming, “The only
‘good' Red is a dead Red," ”Hughes
backs Red traitors," and, “Get out of
U. N., not v. Nam," accompanied the
line of peace demonstrators, Carrying a
Confederate flag as “a symbol of re-
sistance", the counter - demonstrators,
most Di Whom Claimed to be members
of the American Constitution Party,
spent their time shouting "peace
creeps!" at the marchers. The leader
of the group, identified by the Des
Moines Register as Lee Andre, carried
a gasoline can and a sign with the
words: “Free gasoline and matches for
peace groups.”

A small Grinnell contingent led by
Greg Robinson also demonstrated a-

s R I N N E L L
s T u D E N r 5
AND FACULTY
accounted tor
a large part at
the 400 people
who marched
in Der Moines
Saturday in
protest at the
war, The march
went through
downtown Der
Moines a n d
ended with a
n u m b e r at
speeches on the
capitol steps.
Hecklerr ap~
peered along
the m a r e h
route: x o m .
carrying sign.
each a! "Free
9 a 5

matches

peace creep
Larry Frank. a
Grinnell r t o.
dent. was hit
in the mouth by
a p r o . w a r
hecklsr and is
planning t a
press charger
againxf t h a
man. '

gainst the march, but this group was
overshadowed by the more extreme
and more vocal American Constitution
Party representatives.

The peace demonstrators themselves,
most of them conservatively dressed to
avoid any “hippy” associations, re-
mained, with a few exceptions, aloot
from the hecklersl

Aside from the pro and anti faction:
of marchers, iew others were present
at either the rally or the march. Com-
ments from occasional sidewalk specta-
tors ranged lrom enthusiastic approval
to complete condemnation of the mobil-
ization effort An elderly man fully
supported the demonstration, saying,
“I'm against war because war is bad.
and I’m against anything that’s bad,u
Another man objected to the march,
stating that it was “useless" because
“every generation has its war." Most

See DES MOINES on Page 12

Student assaulted;
to press charges

By John Milne

A Grinnell student encountered difﬁ-
culty not only from hecklers, but also
from policemen and people showing
badges at the Des Moines demonstra-
tion against the War in Vietnam Satur-
day, April 15.

Lawrence Frank. a freshman, stated:
“A boy, I guess he was 16 or 17, came
up and said, ‘Dn you pay taxes in
lowa? if you don’t pay taxes, why
don't you get out at here,’ Then he

See ASSAULT on 'Page 12

[note In Lu Mutt

 

Page Two

Editorials . . .

Protests — but only more war

The recent peace demonstrations in Des Moines, New York
and other parts of the country have been overshadowed by the
bombing of Haiphong and the prospects for a continuing escala—
tion of the Vietnam war. Most Americans did not need the words
of an anonymous military oiiicial who said the Haiphong attack
was a “tremendously important intensification of the air war"
1(quoied from the Des Moiner Register, April 21), As the war grows
in seriousness and the numbers of casualties mount (this year prob-
ably more American soldiers will he killed than during the peak
of the Korean War) the possibilities for peace seem very dim,

Most Americans still go along with the war effort and Congress
in as willing as ever to provide the billions of dollars needed to
continue the conflict. Yet, as the recent demonstrations indicate,
more and more Americans are willing to take some positive nation
to protest of the war. We were greatly encouraged by the num-
ber of students (and even some faculty members) who went to the
Des Moinen march. While it may be effectively argued that protest:
"don't do any good" it may also be argued that larger and mom
militant protests might cause some moderation of the Johnson
policy. And it is also probably true that active responsible protest
is the only means of effective expression left open to those opposed
to the war effort and the current direction of American foreign
policy it is easy to despair of the present situation, but a moral
commitment to peace precludes giving up protest and yielding
to those in power.

— K. N.

The ”Riot” — only oi symptom

The excessive drinking and property destruction which occur
on “Spring Riot" night are symptoms of a Grinnell social problem
which differs only in degree and not in kind from Lhe usual. The
administration‘s decision to abolish the “Riot” may indeed be jus-
tiiied by the very intensity of these symptoms, but fails to come to
grips with Ihe problems which are not peculiar to that night and
were, in fact, less severe in this year’l "Riot" than in previous
years!

"Riot” night was only one additional indication that Grinnell
men and women do not lmow how to meet and enjoy one another
when the social iormalities are removed. Instead, as on this Spring
night, they drink excessively and wander forlomly around the cam-
pus waiting for a seasonal miracle to sweep them off their feet

Grinnell is a difficult place for many people to meet members
or the opposite set. The physical separation of the campuses. along
with the separate dining rooms, force them to rely on formalities.
In a school this small it should be simple and natural for men and
women to meet casually. While the elimination of women’s hours
and someday the extension or dorm visitations may someday ease
this situation, they cannot remove the obstacle presented by segs
regation of men and women in opposite ends of the campus

Because of our fear of tampering with North Campus traditions
and because of the imminenoe of joint dining faciiiitec, we have too
long postponed the issue of integration of the campuses. This is
perhaps the single most important issue to raise in the search
tor a real Grinnell community — M. M.

“Four-letter“ words

Last week Th 11W printed the word “shit" when quoting
the former lowa State University Itudent body pmident. The year
before last when the Itudeni newspaper printed a "fotmletler"
word the Publicltoim Committee [inhibited Editor John Wolf
tom ever doing Io again. We were heartened this year. therefore,
to luiow that tho present Committee realized that accurate re—
porting sometimes necessitates the priming of . “fourvletter” wordl

——K. N.

The Grinnell Reporter

(formerly the Scarlet i! Block)

Grinnell College
‘tiunll. Iowa Salli

A weekly newspaplr published emu Friday or
the college yclr by tho Grinnell Committee on Stu-

BPS

Member of "I.

Colkqlch
Press Service

mlron ,,
nusmcss tumour
mucous. nan A

non: E11111)! _
nuns rnomonarnn
con EDITOI .

SCIENCE consunrnur _— _ Joh- Wolf
Immune ours 7- nuns. m, l.- Elk, A-‘y Isl-cl.
he calm, Mary Ideal-n. no. mar, uni. noun-i,

lt-vo Dill-n. nil Guy. rum nu

dent rubliutions.

Represented ror national silver.
tisinz by

.iioriul Advertlllnz service. lllc., college
Publish nepnsentative, it as: both street. New
York 22. .v. Second cllsl pori-u paid ll Grinnell.
fowl. subscription rm ratio per school rm. ratio
wild subscriptions.

nrynvu Noun-n
nu.- mil

tin-old rm. rtolllr win-lo
or m Ilm Sch-rim:
"— Imv ml
im x-eser

- n Sub-mi

TECHNICAL lurnvrso- ______._snmy winch-

The Grinnell REPORTER

ssivrdny, Apr" 12. m7

Eastmanmiiyivillucalion l

By George Eastman
(Education)

Education is not schooling. The latter is what
almost all students acquire in public elementary
and secondary schools. it consists of acquiring
iniorrnetion that remains external to the pulse
of feeling, thinking, and experiencing that marks
the real life of the learner. To be schooled means
to be able to recite names, dates, and events in
history but to be insensitive to their significance
for one’c personal life and the contemporary
scene; or in be able to distinguish among hedo-
nistic. utilitarian, cmotivist Ethical theories but
'0 be insensitive to the reasons for and justifica-
tion of one! own behavior.

The process of schooling tends to be based
upon assumptions, generally implicit, regarding
the nature of the learner, the subject»matter, the
teacher, and the school. The learner is an im-
mature person who needs to be “completed." His
proper place is to absorb what is extended to
him from without. Learning consists mainly at
passive. but hopefully efficient, absorption of
ready-made facts. At best the learner might be
an apprentice — an imitator of the master — at
worst a compliant sponge.

Subject matter is assumed to be reflective of
an underlying reality structure independent or
time and place. Continuities in the development
of human life are stressed, discontinuities ignored
or minimized. The present is largely a new ex-
pression of old truths, The teacher is the privi<
leged repository of these unchanging truths, His
training and status establish him as the chief
giver of information and passer of judgment. l-lir
task is to begin with a partially filled receptacle
and to end with having added to it appreciably.
The school is a systematic means of ensuring
cultural continuity and compliance with the fa-
miliar, tried, and tnle. Its function is to encultur-
ate: to fill-up the learner with the current values,
conceptual categories, facts, and attitudes.

The process of schooling produces a person in
us. culture who possesses a body oi received
information at best tangential to the pulse of his
real life, who is driven by compulsive competi-
tiveness and frenetic acquisitiveness, and who is
gripped by an acute sense of dissonance between
the requirements of coniorming to a tackedon
superstructure of behavior and values and the de
mands of genuine elmeriencing. To be schooled
may, at best, mean that one is ready to be edu—
cated, at worst, that one has been handicapped.

The process of education is also based upon
generally implicit amumptlons. The learner is s
person in transit. as complete at any moment I:
he can be, c dynamic, acting agent who struc-
tures his world in the very process of perceiving
in Learning consists of I vital [rindic interaction
among learner, subject, and teacher. It is an ac-
tive process of discovering and relating, particu-
larly of relating received abstractions to men
gut-sense of reality. The learner is an active,
inquiring agent, performer and spectator at once,
partner in the Continuous process of coalescing
external and internal realities.

Subject matter is relative to the perceiver.
to time, place, to context. Meanings ate relative
to conceptualrlinguistic frameworks that may or
may not — 8 matter to be individually deter-
mined _ themselves be rooted in "fundamenml,"
“universal,” “unchanging truths." Knowledge is
continuously restructured, progressively by each
generation, dramatically in response to drastic
change. The present is a pastiche of the novel,
the worn, the absurd, the beautiful, the erroneous,
the tragic, and has sign' icanoe tor the educated
person in direct proportion to the extent to which
be has made the present part of his genuine ex-
perienclng.

The teacher is in a cohort, one of I legion an
tively but cooperatively seeking to know and to
experience the world. The teacher seeking to edu-
cate is first of all caught-up in the continuou-
task being himself educated. He, too. is I person
in transit and, depending upon his ricer“, and the
conditions of the teaching setting, may be learn-

ing more than he is teaching. Teaching is a co-
operaiive venture to which both learner and
teacher contribute in an attempt lo share inter-
nal realities and to relate these to the "outer"
world with which they are in the process of inter-
acting. The school is an instrument through
which the human being is both aided in incor-
porating the conceptual categories, values, and
attitudes of his own and other cultures. and in
scrutinizing these critically in the light of his
developing sense of reality, truth, and goodness
The school is, therefore, no more a preserver of
the past than a purveyor of the futon. it is an
instrument for establishing and furthering I
process of critical, active experiencing, the out-
come of which cannot, Ind ought not to be, pre-
determined.

The educated man knows himself, and through
this, knows borers; is emphatically sensitive to
those immediately around him, and, by exten—
sion, to all mankind; whose knowledge is a genu-
ine part oi his ongoing, real life; who has mas-
iered the basic techniques for acquiring and
processing information in an era of information
explosion; and who, above all, realizes he is A
person forever in the process of becoming.

What of Grinnell College? If one holds that
Grinnell freshmen have yet to be educated, may
be handicapped by their prior schooling, and that
being educated is a continuous task extending
throughout line’s life, the College has two main
tasks: remedial and preparatory.

it is unlikely that “New Student Days" at any
limited period preceding freshman year is ade-
quate to remedy the defects of schooling or even
to alert students to the difference between being
educated and schooled. The General Education
program might be viewed as a type of crash pro-
gram that'could assist the student in making the
lmnsition out of schooling to Education. But.do
the Historical Studies, Humanities, Foreign Lark
gunge, Science, Fine Arts requirements do this?
Or do these courses largely give more of the
same — more schooling; or confuse the issue by
serving up both in an unplanned misalliallce? Do
the General Education courses stress education
as a preparation tor a life-long process of critical
and passionate experiencing? is taking forty-plus
hours in one's major or iocusing upon graduate
work and advanced degrees more conduiuve to a
schooling or to an educating attitude? How is tho
leanier viewed at Grinnell — passive recipient,
Ipprenﬁoe, imitator of the learned master? is
it conducive to being educated to feel that one'l
task is basically to mishap on intellectual-Cultural
fare made available It s predetermined rate in
n master-Ipprcntfce context; or miyrt not s re-
lationship of shared, Wrative lanIlry into
matters that mslte a personal difference to both
teacher and learner be more conduclve In lchiev<
ing education for Ill concerned? Will one who
view- himself Is I passive receiver or previously
established truths known best by u privileged
class be prepared to enter upon the life-long
process of becoming educated?

L! the altered nature of lmawledge reflected
in department and division structures, in course
otierings, and in staffing policies of the College?
And how does Grinnell view itself as a school?
is it an instniment through which students and
faculty are aided in the continuous process of
coming to know themselves and the world, or is
it mainly preoccupied with perpetuating a learned
class, learned pmiessions, imitators of the mas-
ters? How often do the rewards go to the schooled
rather than to the educated? High grade point
average may represent adeptness at schooling,
but is it an indication of having been educated?

Still, there Ire students who leave Grinnell
more educated than schooled; but is this the
rule, and, when achieved, the mull of sellcon-
scious planning? There are outcroppings of edu-
cation at Grinnell that occur with it frequency
sufficient to recommend it as an irstitutinn genu-
inely striving to educate; but these outcroppingc
project horn a plain or schooling that urgently
needs weeding if such outcmppingii are not to in
covered like some lost temple.

 

April If, H"

The .flﬂﬂ ll REPORTER -

President approves proposal to eliminate

Leggen on education

Ed. Noleil

This space, alongside the
essay by George Eastman (eds
ucation), hits been reserved lot
President Glenn Leggett since
before Spring Vacation. After
hearing President Leggett at
ten advocate I “master-laps
prentlce” philosophy oi educa—
tion, we Asked him to define
this concept to students in an
essay ior The Reporter. At the
same time, in the interest of
debate, we Asked Mr. Eastman
it he would prepare an essay
on s iundamentally ditterent
educational philosophy — that
philosophy which says that “we
are all learners together."

Though President Leggett
worked on the essay (or several
weeks and promised to submit
it beiore leaving on vacation,
he embarked on his trip thin
week leaving word through
Presidendsl Assistant Henry-
York Steiner that he could not
meet his commitment, Accord-
ing to Mr. stelner, President
Leggelt had decided that his

Letters . . . .

"Fun' 1 ”It rim

To the Editor:
Sotlte weeks ago, one oi us charged
in these pages that “North campus is
a spurious community.” The events
which we witnessed during “Spring
Rial" only coniirm this observation.
Going to David's room in Cowles otter
dinner, we were contnuatly harrassed,
(bombarded with water balloons) and
virtually driven irom the hall, (In the
process, the room was invaded by iorce,
while Adrienne was later grazed by an
egg thrown at her inside the ladies'
restroom). Three students share prime
responsibility tor the whole series oi
incidents: Jim Stewart ("E-Brow"), .lini
Drasdo (“Flush), and Ken Adeiman.

The trouble began as soon as we
entered the room. bciore David could
secure the door, “Flush" had pushed
himseli partway through, water balloon
in hand. By a combination oi shoving
and caioicry, Drasdo was urged back
into the hallway, so the door could be
locked. He then walked through the
ciuiiroom door to the outside root. and
tried lo re-erlter the room through line
window, At this point David asked him
not to spoil other people’s fun — to
let them have a good time. Instead, a
crowd gathered, repeating taunts trom
the outside,

it quickly became apparent that we
needed paper cups, and David also
wished to buy some cigarettes. Staning

out tor the Forum to pick mom up,
he received near misses irom water
balloons, aimed on the root. Upon rc-
turning irom the errand, he had Ad-
rienne let him in, siter which site went
to sit down. immediately iive or six
guys, led by Adclman and supported
by “Brow,” iorced their way into the
room. despite the eitorts oi both Ad
menus and David to resist them at
the door. Shouts went up. “Party in
bat's room," “Free booze!" This re4
mark reierrcd to a pint oi bourbon
which has been given to Adrienne ior
tier twcntyiirst birthday. Meanwhile,
tour mcn stood outside the window with
balloons, as a stream oi people rushed
through the door. Ken gaily asked,
"Do you mind it We use your room as
a passageway?" Following his sugges»
tion, thc crowd slowly milled their way
to the window and crossed over to the
1 As “Flush" was among the last
rc, David iinaily shouted to him

in era pcration, “Get the luck out oi
beret" Esplaining to Adrienne, he

discussion or educational phil-
osophy would be too “rhetori-
cally deﬁnitive," would “close
debate."

Earlier this year, during The
Chelrs censorship controversy,

the student newspaper Asked
Mr. Leggett to express his
views on censorship in an srtl~
(:19 N be published in the pa-
per. After making several Its
tempts to write the article and
alter having several discussions
with newspaper stall mem-
bers and others on the subject,
Mr, Leggett requested that he
would rather discuss unsure
ship directly with the senate
than write In article. The
newspaper not: agreed to this
plan; the senate discussion
was supposed to take place in
the near future, it has yet to
take place.

President Leggett has an ob-
ligation to discuss the issues
that are iundamsntal to opera—
tion or an educational institu-
tion. president Leggett, when
will you respond?

noted that “this it the only way to
communicate with those people.” And
then s parting shot: Adienne was
nearly hit with a water balloon thrown
through the window. when the iiood
began to subside, we locked the door
and windows, expecting to have a drink
and enjoy a smoke. Before we could
begin, a mixture oi water snd beer
slowed into the room from a waste
baskct which had been iilled and then
overturned outside the door.

Upon discovering that the cigarettes
purchased earlier had been stolen,
David decided to go get another pack.
Starting out ior the Forum a second
time. he was again struck with a hat-
loon. Adrienne, remaining behind,
heard such calls as “There goes Dave
Dillon down the stairs," “Is Dave in
thercz", ”Is But in there?" “Hey,
Dave, i want to ask you some ques-
lions." Aiter coming back, we were
able to keep everyone out, but not to
avoid the noise and disturbance.

About 7: 5, we decided that it we
were to enjoy the rest of the evening.
we would have to leave, We made rare-
iul plans, Adrienne, with the bourbon
concealed in her purse, was to hurry
to the restroom on iirst ﬂoor and wait
tor David there, She did this, with Da-
vid following perhaps two minutes
later. l-lit with two more balloons on
the way downstairs, he was conirontcd
with yet another barrage irom Stewart
and Adeiman after reaching the
groundrﬂoor lounge. In iact, two of tire
balloons shot by Ken rebounded irons
his body and fell to the iioor without
breaking. Commenting that “the water
balloons sure hurt" David tried to draw
the two men away irom the hall door,
so that Adrienne could leave the rest-
room, “Brow" remarked that it the
balloons did not hurt. he would go get
an egg, and added that Adrienne had
already been hit with one. When the
coast seemed to be c ar, David called.
“Let's go, Adrienn We both rushed
for the door, being just missed by yet
another balloon as we walked into the
loggia. Aiter getting outside the door,
Adrienne described how one of the as-
sailants in the lounge had entered the
restroom and tossed an egg at her.
linking our way to South Campus, we
were finally able to enjoy the evening.

We are not chiefly concerned here
with the conduct of Slewal‘t, Dl‘asdo,
and Adolmnii. They are first Victims,
than contributor to a declrsct pathol-
ogy. But the burden which they have
imposed all other: for Hire years i’er
ﬂeets a flaw in the residential syslelll

Women's hours regulations by next fall

Statement from duns‘ Office

The Faculty Committee on Student
Affairs, working with the student deans,
proposed to the President that warm
en's hours no longer be regulated, on
a coilegewide basis, at Grinnell. Thu
President, after necessary consultation
with the Trustees. has approved the
proposal which will become eiiactivs
u oi the fall term 1961.

This approval rests on the beliei that
my regulation or college women’s
hours. either by the College or by the
individual, is a matter of security rath<
er than morality and that reasonable se-
curity can be assured within the wom-
en's residences without the necessity of
the College maintaining an arbitrary
“hours" system,

The College is Aware significant
changes have occurred over the years
in Ittitudeu And pracliou which affect

— a rooted indiiisrenoe to personal
relationships. Until Grinnell is ready
to set its house in order, its intellec»
ttul aspirations remain e manic delu—
tion.
Adrienne Lomonl
David mm.

M, not .

Dillon hu pressed chnlel unit!“
the three Cowlel man. The use will
be trlod nude! in the Interim
Conn.

Mme blasts [WITH

1e the Editor:

Typical ot us stodgy, over-30 types,
1 was sorry to see the name oi our
great college paper changed Reverenca
ior tradition was part oi this regret
but 1 also telt the title was s rather sc-
curate description oi the content. Cer-
tainly the picture painted week aier
week is “black" enough, and certain
connotations of “scarlet" seem appm-
prinatc (although the idea oi The Yet.
low and Black does spring to mind).
But i was unprepared im- the ilicreds
ible gradeschoolish banality oi the
title chosen. Still, 1 did hope that, as
promised, we would now get reporting
on criniiell. Imagine my surprise, then,
on iinding most oi the important space
in the April 14 issue given over to
Donald s ith, Henry Wilhelm, and
.lohn Fill lps’ impression ot Friends
World institute.

0t course the Smith caper is inter.
esting copy and I certainly — vicar}
ousiy 7 enjoy participating in ilr.
Willllm's deserved recognition as the
fine photographer he is. Since the
FWI is one oi the charities my wiie
and i have contributed to in the past
two years, stories on it have a certain
inerest. But none ot this is really
“Grinnell reporting.” 0h, 1 know Mr.
Allin had a try at relating Donald
Smith to Grinnell in a rather naive
edito~'al but this was not very con.
vincing, (In tact, it his is what Mr.
Allin has gotten irom his political
science major, tine is tempted to sug«
gest that he ought to ask ior his money
back)

Aha, you will say, “Mr, Out” has
missed the whole pointi These articles
are directly related to Grinnell. The
Wilhelm piece reminds us that the col-
lege does not produce people oi real
talent and throws out those who have
it anyway. The Smith piece demon-
strates that the lack oi such a phenome-
tion at Grinnell shows how hopeless
we are and, at the same time, that the
ioi-ces now alter Smith are the same
kind which control students—in league
Win the administration — at Grinnell.
The Full story is really to he read as
a denunciation oi all that Griliriell does
and stands ior.

Okay, but the demands on one's atolls
ity ior dialectical exegesis which is
necdcd to relate these stories directly
to Crrlilllcll is severe. Couldn't thc edi-
tors have done the job more simply?
\vcre thcre no iacuity members to be
inicrviowedi No statements liy deans
to be torn out ot context and miscon-
strued? N0 articulate Slldcllts to call]-
mcut iorcctiilly on tho ivittcmicss of it

the social regulation of college women.
These changes have been reﬂected in
I gradual relaxation of time limits im-
posed on women students. It has there.
tore become increasingly diiiicult to
justiiy regulation oi women's hoursti
neither contemporary parental practic-
es nor educational philosophy tends to
support such regulation.

For instance, how a student uses hi!
or her time clearly has an eiteet on the
individuals academic success and st»
cial life, but this effect varies with the
person, the time, and the place, From
en academic point oi view it seems
likely that sell-regulation, necessitating
the development or sell-discipline and
sensitivity to priorities and proportion,
has a iirmer educational justiﬁcation
than an arbitrary system or hours.

Seltrregtilation or women's hours will
lpply without regard to parental per-
mission. The responsibility must rest
with the individual student and with her
parents in their normal izmily tel»
lionship.

To enable the College to assist the
student in case or emergency all stu-
denu will be strongly advised to use
sigiwut forms (or outotrtown trips or
overnight Absence from the campus.

Though the College atiinns that basic
responsibility ior himseit rests with the
individual student, it will provide ed-
vising end orientation oi freshmen
which will emphasize the practical oo-
cessity oi an intelligent use or time and
freedom. Beginning with New Student
Days and continuing through the iirst
semester, this program will be csna
ducted by the Student Deans, the real.
dent hail advisers, and upperclassnien.

Ten elected Friars

Ten junior men have been elected to
Friars, the men’s senior honor society.
01d members selected the new Friar:
on the merit or their intellectual
achievement (a 3,25 cumulative grade
average) and their interest and contribu-
tions in school affairs. Richard
Heilbmn. president 1966-1967. described
this last qualification as subjective; it in-
voives both an active and curious intels
lect, and the evaluation the current
members make of each candidate’l
value [a the college community. The
Friars are primarily an honor group,
but because of the nature of their else.
tion they are interested in pericrming
some services tor the college’s intellec<
tual life.

Those elected for 196771968 are; Ray
Horn (president), Ron Cngswell, Dale
Dreyiuss, William Fligeltaub, Russell
iieuckendori, Roger May, Guillermo
Mendoza, Richard Segimi, and John
Wiles.

111? No uneniorced saiety regulations
to be revealed? No administrative pro-
posals that reveal newer and darker
thread to community liiei Well, one
can’t have it all his own way, but ior
the wider community who, because oi
infirmities ot vision, pei~ceptioii and
age, have tiouble “tuning in," a slight
concession to our obtuseness would be

welcomed.
James Magee

(political science)
ED, NOTE:

We would like to thank the Pro.
iessor itlagec ior his thoughtful
suggestions on way to improve The
neporter and ior his astute aiisly.
sis oi the last issue. We are heart-
ened that ilnally a iaculty member
took the time to not merely Com-
plelely condemn the paper but to
do it iiisuch a lucid writing style.
Our only regret is that such a neu-
coustructive outburst cuiue irons
Professor Magoo — we sort oi like
him you know; he isn't all bad.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

m: DANCERS anouem SUPPLIES or mean along Wm. mm to {he
parfy in CowJes Hall lounge. A "pow party was held in a men‘s hall.
Some “men“ "passed om" from 000 much ce‘ebraﬁon. In many re-

.specis me Tuesday “riof” did m mar greaHy from typical Ncrlh
Campus weekend drunken mm

son: counss roox ADVANTAGE of "Rio!” nigm rule relaxaﬁon h:
avail mmelm o; a rare momm of privacy during ”illegal vIsIfafiom."
Alﬂlough {he ﬂudenf planning commiHee ‘or Hue xocial acﬁviﬁex 0‘ H1:

:Rid" raquesfed colleg. lancﬁon 0‘ "open dormx”. pormluion wal n-
ma.

GRINNELL STUDENTS CELEBRATED unusually mild
"rife: of spring" ihis week The hadnional ”Spring
Rm" caused minor prcperfy damage as compared +0
previous spring upheavals bu? Tuesaay nigm" dance m
the music or "The Prophefs" carried the spirii‘ of wild,
drunken abandon charmsrmi: of paxf "diam"

ﬁ?

; A? ,
TRADITIONALLY RULES GO UNENFORCED on "Rm" nigm; house
presidenk are kidnaped and deans look Hue my way. Men and women

use +119 opporiunify to venlure to m opposile campus and visit in each
cfher's dorms.

Even thaugh mod :qu Wm unenforced, dudenl‘ hausl presidenk pa—
mnod we camput prlvenfing violenc. and propeny damage. The deans,
howevar, Ioahd Ikepﬁcally upon a aliuaﬁon which m m or Meir
ham .nd H.- and day mud that mum 1,,ng "celebrayionw uf m:-

nor! would in .bolishd. Photographed by Krystyna Neuma.

 

saturday, April 22, m1

The Grinnoll REPORTER

Page Fivo

 

Paul Goodman attacks ‘Greai Sociely'

By nanlr Ballkov

Labeling himseli a populist and cone
munity anarchist, social critic Paul
Goodman told I Grinneil audience, via
tekphonic airways Wednesday after-
noon, it is somewhat arrogant to term
any society “Great" that would ulti-
mately have to pension off over half
its members to achieve this adjective.

Goodman is a playwright, novelist,
unofficial philosopher lot the free
speech movement, and the author or
Communlttis.

Goodman pointed out that his brand of
community anarchism does not deny that
man is communal, but does see many or
his present institutions as often alienating
him from himself. His ideal community
is one or unity oi purpose and effect,
where “a premium is placed on techni-
cal improvement. . .where workers are
technically educated and have a say
in management. Where no one drops
out of society and there is mobility be-
tween classes. Where the community is
planned as a whole with an organic
integration or work, living and play.
Where production is primarily for use. .
Where people are not afraid to make
friends. Where sexuality is taken tor
granted and where education is con—
cerned with fostering human powers as
they develop in the growing child.”

in a manner that recalls c. Wright
Mills, he blames dominant power struc-
ture for the difficulties of ownership in
a decent society. The military and in-
dustrial complex thinks only in terms
of Gross National Product and Mr.
Goodman questions whether what is
good for GNP is necessarily good for
America. For example. he estimates by
1935 an adequate number of cars were
present in this country, but the num-
bers have needlessly increased to the
detriment of the city, the countryside
and the living standard at many Amen
icons. Goodman also questions the san-

NOTICE

Grinnell College — I966
(the Cyclone)

is now at the printers.
Those who have not yet
purchased a (copy will
have an opportunity to
do so in lunch lines next
week. A well - photo-
graphed and hard - hit-
ting «my on Grinnell
life — worth buying.
Price: still only $7.00

ity or having hall or all investment
since 1948 in military areas.

Our lives are becoming more and
more regimented, claims Goodman, and
education is his prime example of this.
Early and continuous pressure for
preparation tor high school and col-
lege is on an accelerating scale. Good<
man would like everyone to have at
least two years outside of school he-
tore entering college. “Most oi the
brighter people would be better outside
the ‘babysitting’ or college

Goodman’s major criticism or the
Great Society is that in order to be
great it must eliminate more than half
of that society. He said the old and
young as well as many of the minority
groups have been either pensioned oil
or otherwise eliminated lrorn legitimate
participation in our society,

In order to get this half back in
society Goodman advocates mass pro—
test. ln the conilict between corporate
interest and the will at the people.
Goodman sees this method the must ef-
Iective. He points to its increasing use
in areas ranging irom action against
recalcitrant school boards to super
markets.

Part at the cure that Goodman pro-
poses is a diversilicatton or the econo-
my not only in types oi products and
services oiiered but also in the style at
their production. Corporation c o n t r at
should be modiiied so that everyone,
including the individual craftsman, has
all equal opportunity. He also suggests
that living conditions as a whole should
begin this diversification. We are laced
with a present situation that is exces-
sively urbanized. Urban costs increase
geometrically with population increases.
This affects the moral and aesthetic
state or a society. Rural living should
be subsidized to make it as attractive
as the city. Goodman points out the
amount paid for public housing in cltiei
far exceeds that needed for his rural
project.

Goodman closed his remarks by say-
ing he would be in iavor ot a moderate
form at world government that would
be kept {mm the excesses or present
nation states. He suggested the United
Nations Still provides the most eiiec-
tive means for creating this world goV<
eminent.

} Phi Beles
(Continued lrom Page a)

erlul means of ‘liberating’ its students
toward the commitments expected at
them. It i may express the matter sym-
bollcally: let the college in its seal de<
Clare itscll for ‘truth’ and ‘tiumanity'."

ii small liberal arts colleges are to
survive and blend their dualistic datum,
they must attain truth nnd humanity.
Dean Sinus: milled tho priorities that ho
felt Grinnell must establish to survive:
“adequate faculty salaries and adequate
support or the proteasiooal lilo oi the
iacuity, instruction department aim
compatible with the large demand: on
time and energy, scholarshiporicnted
teaching, curricular provision for

} Assault

(Continued :rorn Page 12)

really did not expect him to show up
at the police station, and in tact he did
not show up there,” he said.

Frank continued that an oliicial
at the police station said it might be a
deputy badge given out a dime a dozen
to certain people with jobs in the police
department. He said it really meant
nothing.

Frank telephoned the Polk County at-
torney's oiiice on Monday. He spoke to
a man named Bergeson. He said “The

large responsibility oi students for their
own education, and an exciting intellec—
tual climate."

He also included as prio les the ap-
propriate distribution of finances within
the institution and a lessening ol diver
slonary organization “The problems or
divisionary organization beset adminisA
trative affairs, inculty ailairs, and stu-
dent affairs, At the present time, mesa
problems retlect prevalent ideas and
ideals of ‘community' and of ‘student
involvement,’ both of which are relevant
to the weltare of the surviving college. . .
If we stick to the inevitable tacts we
should be talking about the college in
terms of a ‘pluralism or communities
in appropriate coordination, rather than
in terms of ‘the community’. . . Let us
be aware . . . that the nerve centers of
the college in its main educational busi
ness are the teachers individually and
the academic departments, not faculty
committees or ‘tho administration.’ Let
us be aware, too, that students speaking
{or students in education decision-making
would not be equivalent to speaking
competently tor them. It the student is
an expert in his view or the learning
situation, and I think his is, it is an
especially singular matter."

year-round
Service see . . .

GOLLIIM’S

attorney told mo unless I had Lilo
nama oi my assailant I could take no
action and even went so tar as to say
no action could be taken in order to
get his name from the individual who
picked him up."

Frank was later told this was not cor-
rect by Val Schoenberg, a Des Moines
attorney. He has written that bed
Moines chief of [Solids and went there
to speak with the Iowa Civil Liberties
Union.

C. Edwin Gilmour (political science)
said of the case: “I am a member of the
board of the Iowa Civil Liberties Union.
I intend to take What Frank told me to
the board Saturday. It the board decided
there is a case, we will help all we can."

Air Cond ned
SERVING H KINDS OF

PIZZA

HOURS
Man. "I". Sat —
‘ p.m. to I .
Sun. — 4 leL to M lghr
FREE DELIVERY

TO rooms
SPECIAL
Ssnghsza’m 5 pm. to 9 on.
Garlic liread 3‘25

Coffee
2 Free repsis
warh Each Large rim
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA

wsnnssoav ONLY
Salad
Monday Only
PHONE 235-5331
921 Broad _ Grinnell

We make
delicious

-._

EM /

sillilo

Wahmhmpeopl-uy.lnn

our competlhu. "'I in! that our
product II so good. You know VIM

we mean. If somebody also had
our recipe and we had their:
we'd dry tool

This Weekend
NEED CANVAS SHOES?
Men's Convc

oxronos W" “3"9 3350
If SLIP-ON styles
Women's Contra $250

pxronos' . w. 32”" "5'

' ‘ All‘ Color: Size: 4‘/z‘lo 9 ’

Penney!

ALWAVB Floor uuAurv

Allrvano's Pizza

Free Delivery 235-6222

5“,:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

   
     

is

THE PARADE ROUTE wenl {ram a gathering poinl’ in Central Park its file
Fine in lrcn’: of the Uniied Naiions building. New York police eslimaied llioi
Hiere were aboui‘lZSﬂOO person: in lilo U.N. Plaza ai any given lime and
march oﬁicialx claimed that boiween 300‘000 and 400.000 peopll parficiplied
in ill. demcnalrafion.

    

Photegruplmd by Henry Wilhelm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ie’tnum War Prote

N.Y. march links peace

and civil rights groups
By Richard Schnelriw

NEW YORK, April 15 — Last Satur-
day’s New York pence march spectacu-
larly marked the linking or the civil
rights movement to the peace move
ment. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of
SCLC; Stokely Carmichael of SNCC; and
Floyd McKissick [if CORE all spoke from
the same platform calling ior an end
to the war in Vietnam.

Dr. King, key speaker at the rally
and now the main spokesman for both
the ewil rights and the peace mnve~
merits declared, “The war has divert-
Ecl attention from civil rights, The
Great Society has been shot down on
the battlefields of Vietnam. . .I would
like to see the Iervor nf the civil rights
movement imbued into the peace move-
ment. 1 think that everybody has the

 

duty to be in both Ihe civil
peace movements."

The peace march, estil
lice at. 125,000, was Organi
Spring Mobilization to End
Viet nam. The idea for the
originated with the late Rev
te who was looking for a
volve the many antiwar
single mass demonstration.
Bevel, aid to Dr. King’s sc
agreed to serve as national c

As the campaign ior th
demonstration gathered
various radical groups jni
ing communists, anarchist,
tes, and Maoists. Thls caus
easiness among the mo.
group such as Women Strik
but only the National Com
SANE Nuclear Policy [0
drew its support.

The mobilization soon gai
port of civil lighters as
sized the great burden t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

COLLEGE s'ru-
DENTS A N D
F A c u L 1 Y
were the larg-
esl group repl
rasenled in ﬁle
march. M . n y
+ r a v e l at] lo
New York lar
me evenl lmm
colleges 3 l I
over Hle easl.
am pm of {he
asunlry. There
w e r e a I s o
counfless oiher
o r g anlzallons
and gloups in
he march, ln-
cJudlng sixable
groups of New
York ally wel-
fare workers,
public school
leachers. doc-

lors and nurses‘
_, p s y chologlsls,

refurned Peace
Corps Volun-
leers. reach-
els. an labor
union member‘s

in New York

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ts and bearing in the war anon. Bevel also
stated, "Whne Americans are nol going

y po- to deal la the problems of the colored
by the people when they're Exterminating 3

ar ln whole nallon of colored people.”
lzation Dr. King ilrst joined me peace move-

. Mus— ment in Chlcago March 24. In both hls

to in. Chicago and New Yark speeches, he

in a called for me stopping of the bombing

'arnes of Vietnam as an immediate step to-
ugram, ward negonanons. In a “Face the Na«
an. tion" telecast last. Salurday he urged a

H] 15 unllateral ceaseﬁre and a retreat to en-

mum claves ll necessary. Though King’s view

includ- of the war was unduublenlly the major

otsky'l- ity’s al the peace march, there were
me un- other vlewpomts.

derale Stokely Carmichael, a d V o c at e of

Peace, black power, called the war in Vietnam

for a a “racist" war. “When the colored

with- peoples of the world look at this war

they see only one thing: the United States ‘

he sup- mll'ltary in Vietnam represents interna— A "FILM-IN" AND DISCUSSION of the war wax larga turn-out in New York h) balh increased con-
empha- tinnal white supremacy." Carmichael held at Vale Universlly ln New Haven Hm nighl [19- earn over ”In escalafion of lb. war and lo mar. in-

wnl called tor immediate withdrawaL {on eh. march. March leadm unlibulud lha my lamiv. :{fcrh lo arganix. people agsiml lh. war.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page Eight

The Srlnnall REPORTER

Saturday, April 22. no!

 

} New York

(Continued {mm Page 1)

the usual medal hanging in front,
many wore yellow daitodilsr

The march was soon joined by a
number at “floats." One consisted of
three, huge, grlmucing skeletons. On
another was written the words, “This
Is the portrait of people who let women
And children be burned,” The portrait
was a mirror.

In a truck with loudspeakers folk-
linger Pete Seeger led about 100 young
ohildren singing peace songs. A sign
on the truck said, “Children are not for
burning."

Though there were a large number at
older people, the majority or the march-
ers were of college age, So were the
pro-war protesters A group or about lilo
teenagers, members or the Neo-Nazi
American Renaissance Party, ranged
up and down the sidewalks shouting in-
sults at the marchers, and “Better
dead than Red." They all carried A-
merican flags. Their leader, who was
carried in tha air, wore an American
flag in place at a shirt.

Many of the peace demonstrators
carried signs as they marched—some
printed, some original — “Slop the
Bombing," “Bring Home the Troops—
Now," “War Veterans for Peace,” No
More Veterans," “LBJ (limited Vietna-
mese History," “Black People, so per-
cent Dead — 2 per cent of the Bread,
“Nu Vietnamese Ever Called me Nig-
ger," “Burn Pot, not People," ”Love
No ” “Wipe Out Poverty Not Petr
pie," Bobby (Kennedy) Would Try,"
“Be," “The First Casualty of War is
,Truth.“

Though most of the marchers walked
Illently, a highly vocal minority chant-

SHAMPOO

Head & Shoulders

lunily Sin Tub.

ﬂ.“ Vdin 93’

SECRET

Aerosol Deodorant

ﬂ." Vain 77¢
LISTERINE

14 0: Sin

‘1 09 Value 69‘

KODAK

ed slogans and sang songs. The invar-
ite slogan was “PeaceNow,” repeated
over and over again. When the prowar
demonstrators yelled from the sidewalk,
the marchers drowned them out with
this my

Some of the more prevalent chants
were: “Hey, hey LBJ, how many kids
did you kill today; ” “l, 2, 3, 4, 5- bring
the troops horns alive," and “Hell no,
we won’t go.”

When the march passed the arch-dio-
cese of New York, the cry wan
raised, “Cardinal Spellman, stop bless<
lng bombs," Spellman had previously
endorsed the war in Vietnam.

There was no major violenco during
the march. though there were a num<
ber of minor incidents. As the marchers
passed down Park Avenue, paint and
bags of plaster were thrown down tram
skyscrapers. No one was seriously hurt.
Later, eggs were thrown at the march-
ers.

Prowar spectators on the sidewalks
heckled the marchers as they passed
by. The comments ranged: “Traitors,"
“Commies,” “Queers," “Kill em with
a machine gun.”

Late in the march, a contingent of
Harlem Negroes lncludlng Floyd McKis-
Sick 0! CORE, broke down police barri-
Caries and left the march, shouting Slo-
gans and disrupting iraiiic.

Probably the most conspicuous peo-
ple at the march were Iho hippies.

Foreign Student's Fund

Charles Pierce, 1966-1967 chairman of
the Foreign Students' Board, announced
a net balance of over $7,000 in their fund.
This money, coming irom pop machine
proﬁts, will be used ror the support at
three or four students in the coming
year.

Suave Hair Spray

49‘

Stick Deodorant
49‘

Polaroid Film

Black ‘r With.
Type ")7

$221

”1 Value

In Vain-

“Let the college in its seal
declare itself for ‘lrulh and humanity"

} Phl Betes

(Continued from Page i)

Flad, Jaimie Fuller, Richard Heilbron,
Kathy Jagow, Kathleen Kelley, Steve
Kent, Marcia erldeil, Susan Morita,
David Parks, Doug Pearson, Scott
Railsback, Charles Schnell, Margaret
Sharp, Steve Shender, Anna Spraguei,
Paula Stephan, Jan Thomas, Vicki War-
red, and Beth Whitmore.

The fall semester Sophomore Book
Award was awarded belatedly to Eleih
noro snicgel

Dean Strauss, a 1936 Phi Beta Kappa
graduate or Grinnell, speaking to the
question “can the Liberal Arts College
Survive?”, discussed the ability or
small, private baccalaureate colleges to
maintain or high quality education, not
their ability to avoid extinction.

Stauss said that the most pressing
problem threatening the retention at
high quality education in the liberal arts
college is the dualistic characterlzation or
its goals. it must be both a liberal arts
and a prcpmiessional college.

In the past, the emphasis on prepro-
fessional training was not so great and
the demands were easily met. Presently,
the demands are vigorous and the pit-
ialls oi the dualism have become appap
ent. Dean stauss predicted that this
inability to cope with the dualism would
eventually lead to “a pluralistic, sprawl-
lng curriculum . . . a headstart theory
or pre-pmlesslonnl specialization without
a well-developed, Viable rationals of

what the uollege can do in this area
that the graduate school will not do, A
random neglect of patterns of under
graduate education in the major field,
and only modest attention to . . . general
education in the arts and sciences; and
this modest attention limited mainly to
the structure and content or the general
requiremeniu ior graduation." Thin
leads to a general education that pro-
duces intelligent amateurs, which falls
short u! the ideal “tree but responsible
mind.”

A truly liberal education emphasizes
three prime commitments of the indivi<
dual: “to humane understanding, to in-
formed and responsible citizenship, to
sophlstlcated entertainment or himseli
and his friends." Proficiency toward ah
iaining these commitments Is “an in.
dispensable condition of survival: but
not a static condition, as the ideal is not
static. For let us recall, with Justice
Holmes, that ‘the present has a right
to govern itself so far as it can; and it
ought to be remembered that historic
continuity with the past Is not a duty,
It is only a necessity.’ . . r But the ‘lib‘

gel'al' college must do more: it must

speak to the restless, freedom-conscious
temper or man; to his tastes for human
dignity. irccdom, and responsibility. It
must urge vital attention to the relevant
moral concerns and judgments ex-
pressed by the ‘humane past' and tho
‘hiimane present.‘ These, too, are pow

Sec PHI BETES on Page 5

WHERE YOU NEVER

PAY RETAIL!

EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE

8I6 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa

NOXZEMA
41lt
CLEARASIL

Medlum SI:-

44‘

SWINGER FILM
$141

75¢ Value

"chut

STORI
HOURSi

1 run. to 9 p.m. Friday
1 mm. to a pm. Mon.. Tues.

Wed Thu Sat.

SUPER STAINLESS

Gillette Blades

15':
SI." Vdul slog

TONI

Home P rmanent

Callin-

$3.50 Value $1“

WALL PLAQUES

HAND PAINTED

77"

From

CREST TOOTHPASTE

With Free Tootsie Toy
Family Size

59‘

POLAROID CAMERA

Model 210

, $4557

INSTAMATIC FILM

no MM sn.
Black 8. White _________ “.57:
Color — l2 prints _______ ___97c
Color -— slides ,,,,,,,,,,,,, $lr5l

$47.95 Value 95d Value

 

Irlurdey. April 22. m7

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

.ID'S RESTAURANT

Elevated—at 922V: Main.
Glinneli

srnme DAY followed the Rich
classes were canceled. a picnic
end other outdoor activiiies ieolr
place and sludents had time to
sleep off their hangovers.

Pham hy Susan Kaeser

REPORTER BUSINESS MANAGER

Applications for business manager
or The Grinnell Reporter are due by
Monday, April 24. Letters of applica-
tion should he addressed to ur. Benja-
min F. Graham (biologyti chairman
of the Board of Publications. No spe-
cial term is required. Fur runner in-
fm‘mation see Susan Will (Ext. 349 or
240).

iii tips in he lotiay

Social Events

Ray Still Will be guest artist for this
year’s final Lenox Quartet concert in
Rubens Theatre at s p.m. Mr. Sill
plays ﬁrst oboe tor the Chicago Sym-
phony Orchestra. The Quartet‘s violin-
ist, Paul Hersh, turns pianist for
Eraham‘s “Quartet in A Major tor Pi-
aim and Strings.

Arnie Goldman's band is perfurming
at Ex loco pai'elttis, the oil-campus coi-
fee house, tonight and Mr. George
Young (Russian) will read poetry there
Tuesday night. The coffee house is open
from 8:30 p.111. until hours.

The Strand movie Special teaturing
two Peter Sellers’ flicks, “Fink Pan—
ther” and then “Shot in the Dark” be-
gins at 3:50 pm. Saturday. Anyone pre-
senting an activity ticket will he admit.
tetl tor titty cents.

Songs ranging from spirituals, Simon
and Garlunkle and barber shop harmu~
ny to Lehrer and Bmadway show tunes,
will be presented at the Scarleteers’
annual spring concert beginning at 10
pm. Saturday night in ARI-l.

“The ipcress File," an English spy
muvie starring Michael Cnine, is show-
ing Sunday at 9 pm. in ARI-l.

1961 SUMMER JOB CATALOG

Start your career thii iuninier with a
maior u.s, oerperriion. Excellent releriri.
Catalog lists ever lo.ooo opening:
.vsilahl. THIS SUMMER (or men and
Womln students. Send $1.00 today to:
Amer. Assn. at College Students. so
North LaSalle, Chicago, lllineii 50502.

Looking Ahead

Michael and Grainne Yeats, visiting
the United States irom Ireland, are
coming to Grinnell next Friday, April
28. Michael Yeats, the son at the poet
William Butler Yeats. is a prolessional
music critic and a senator in the Irish
Parliament. He will speak an the music
of the works at W. B. Yeats and his
wire, Grainiie Yeats, will present a con-
cert of Irish folk tunes and Yeats' lyrics
set to music on the Irish harp in the
South Lounge.

Non-violence highlighted

The relevance of nonviolence as a
way oi lite and a means to promote
social change will be. spotlighted at tho
Midwestern Conference on Nonviolence
scheduled for April 2&29 at the Uni-
versity at Iowa.

The program will teature Rev.
James Bevel 0f the Southern Christian
Leadership Centerence and three other
authorities on aspects of non-violence.

Off-campus women okayed

All 24 women applicants tor encam-
pus housing next year have been given
the administration’s approval to make
Lhe move, Because of a shortage of
space, the GMD male applicants on
file will have to Wait until this Sum-
mer for the administration’s decision.

Have you clone it yet?
There’s still time.
Do it before i’r’s too late.
Do if in the Spring.
The enol is in sight
Do it now, avoid the

May rush

GRINNELL’S SAFEST STORAGE VAULT

SprinB niot was

Grinnell College - 1966

One of the very few great college yearbooks ever produced in this

1. It's Sol-
2. It's Convenient

3. N's Economical

Serving Both
North and South
Campus Agencin

l6lll'lA':
CLEANERS ’

uuntry. A limeless book — 514 superb photographs by John Phillips

and Henry Wilhelme You will want I: own one. Price 57.00

 

The Brlnnell RRPORTER

a.

News Briefs

Writing awards

Poet Robert Huff and five faculty
members selected eleven Winners in the
conipctidon ior this year’s Steiner
Memorial Prizes for short fiction and
Selden L. Whlicomb Prizes (or poetry.

First prize for short ﬁction went to
Freshman Lao Barensialn, with second
place going to Junior A. Jon Megioow.

Sophomore! Daniel Chciietz and Eleni
larant tied for first place in the poetry
awards and Freshman Lynn Adams
and Junior Paul Jones were named
third place winners. Senior Jenn Cook
and Sophomores Robert Coon. Bruce
Grant, and Mary Malcolm received hon-
arable menﬂom.

Hamman’s Ilppml
Mioc- {or You
mi Hudqumm lor a Luge
Solution of Smart Sporhwur
Skim — Bloom —- Slush
“one — Tops
ALI. IRAN! NAM“

In. .0- Mlm 01 Calif.

In TH! WI Line
New You lily
’10.” II‘ ".9!

The Tusliesl
Pastries
in Town!

Mortar Bodrd names eighi

Eight junior women have been elected
to membership in Mortar Board, the
senior women’s academic honor socio-
ty, lor the 1967-68 yEnr.

Elizabeth Alexander was named pres~
ldent oi the group. The seven other:
are Janet Deyo, Judith Johnson, Nan—
cy Linder, Cindy Nngel, Patricia Samp-
ron, Susan Towner, and Susun Will,

Sludenl art exhibit opens

Grillnell’s annual exhibition ol stu-
dcnt an opened Thursday at the Scheab
fer Gallery in the Fine Arts Center.

The exhibition. which includes draw.
lugs, paintings, prints, ceramics. sculp—
tures, and jewelry, continue: thmugh
May 4.

Scheduled in conjunction with tho ox-
hibition is the selection at winnm at
th. 1967 lnez Henely Memorill Prize tor
painting and tho Henry-York minor
Memorial Prion ior creati iirt.

BIG power shut all

An unknown person climbed war a
protective win tenor Friday night to
shut 0“ the power to the EEG building.
Evan H. Walden, physical plant direc—
tor. believes till culprit lntmded to shut
oii tho power to the anti" campus.
HI succeeded only in turning 0“ till
power to the BitG building INCH.

Wuldon's primary concern was for the
saiety of the prankster, n 4160 volts
are involved in the operation of th-
B&G building alone. Neither 3&6
employees nor college operations were
inconvenienced,

We Have 72 Pairs of

PIERCED EARRINGS

Special 52.95 pr.

PIERCED EARRING BOX

will Hold Your Entire Collection

Only $3.00
KRAMER JEWELRY

MI .( Broad

For All Your

SMOKING
SUPPLIES

Hustle Down To The

VARSITY

7| 7 Broad

l-Iurdsy, April 11. I967

Reporter Sports [

Balsmen win:
heal Cornell 8-4

The Grinneli baseball team won in
tlrst gains Tuesday, beating Cornell 84
in the first gums M n doubleheader
here. Dave Sella", going [ha distance,
was tho winning pitcher. Greg Dean
led the Pioneers At bat hitting three for
four, including two home runs, and tal~
lying live R.B.I.’s. The tightened crin-
neli defense committed only one error.

Cornell won tho second game, H.
Dick Schneider was the lasing pitcher.
Gnnnell's scoring came in the first Ind
third innings. In the first, Dean singled
home Ken Engel Ind Schlitz. In th-
third, Schulz doubled Ind Dean singled.
Bob Geller'l hunt was played to lint
on the ilelder't choice, scoring Schatl
and advancing Dean, who scored on
Schneider’s sacriﬁce ﬂy,

The Pioneers werl blanked HI Sat-
urday when Knox'l Goebel hurled l
perfect game.

The bztsmen end their home stand
with - glme Igainrt Simpson It three
pm Wodnosdsy.

Golf

no rioiim golf team lost a Knox
ill/ply, st Ginsburg, lil.. Snturdly.
Dave Shcusiihsipr was the only
Grinneil winner. with ii 15. The goit-
oni tar. on Clrleinn here on Monday,
and travel to in. Dl'lkl invitational
Friday.

PPPE iealures
Manches’rer book

William Manchester’s The Death 0'
A President, one D! the most cuntruver-
sial books of the generation and des-
tined to be all all-time best-Seller, has
been selected as [he PPPE Political
Book-oi-ihe-Monlh lor April and May.

Manchester was invited by Mrs.
John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert
Kennedy to record the history or the
pl'esldential assassination oi November
22, 1963, and the days immediately pre-
ceding and followmg it. Operating out
of the National Archives, Manchester
worked twelve to ﬁfteen hours a day
lor two years conducting his investiga-
tion throughout Texas and the US. He
was invited by Chief Justice Warren [0
be a privileged observer of the Warren
Commission's inquiry and findings.
Altogether, he accumulated forty-five
volumes and portiollos of transcribed
tapes, shorthand, documents and exhib-
lts, beiore he began writing.

The publisher, Harper and Row, con.
siders Death oi I Presidum to be “both
a Significant contribution to history and
an eminent literary achievement." Most
reviewers, however. have assessed tho
volume to be a grealer success as a
Illerary work than as history.

A copy or the book may he signed
out at Burlillg Library or at the Caucus
Room in Carnegie Hall, with two-week
circulation privileges.

Pioneers poor
at Cornell Relays

ly Bury noon-

The Grinnell track team made an un-
imprcisivs showing at the Cornell Ra-
lays Saturday, taking only a points.
Placing tor the Pioneers were: Doug
Dray. iourth in the mile with 4:30
Rich Weeks, fourth in the jaVelin will!
172'5"; and the distance medley team
of Bob Watt, Sieva Brinlnall, Ric Mac-
Dowel] and Doug Dray, ﬁrth with
11:09.0.

Other Grinneil efforts included: 6' in
the high jump by Thor Evenson; 41'8"
in the shot put by Tom Russell; and
“'10" iii the tripll jump by Jon Bus-
well.

Thl trackmen will run It the Ar!
Dickinson Relays at State College of
low: today, and meet S.C.l. in A dual
on mesdny. They will in at the Duke
Relays next weekend and will run It
Grinnell hunt on May 2.

Mistake delays match;
tennis team loses 5-4

The Pioneer tennil team came iu
closest to Victory this selsvn in s H
delezt at the hand! of (Joe. The start
of the match W” in doubt for I while:
II the Kohawkr travelled to Grinnell,
the Pioneers headed for Cedar Rapids.
The mistake was rectiﬁed. and th-
games began, somewhat behind sched-
ule, on our home courts,

Winning lor Grinnell in the singles
were Rich chool (e1, so) and Ralph
Brant (s2, oi), Segool and Ralph Clay-
mall (75, ($3) and Brant and Jeff Elli!
(6-4, 63) were doubles winners.

Ellis ls a new man on the tennis ros—
Ier. He joined the team earlier this
week. along with Jonathan Fern and
Don Soulhwurth. John Porter, who had
been out, was declared ineligible, be-
cause he was in his filth year of un-
dergraduate study. Although he entered
Grlnnell last year as a junior, Porter
had had three years oi college previooe

1y.

For School or
Typewriter Supplies

Grinnell Office Supply

GRINNELL, lOWA
Amsi naiii rh- post om;-

WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE

"the Rex"
restaurant —cockiail lounge

sieuks
Next to the Theater

 

Saiurdsy, April 21, i9“

The Grinnsll REPORTER

 

I. M. Sports

By Bill Gray

Spring has almost come to
Gl'lnllell and with it, the I. M.
softball debacle has begun
anew. As usual, it is impossible
to determine anything until the
season is over but, since I am
lacking in self-restraint, l will
make some brash and totally
unfounded predictions.

I. J. JENSEN. 0.0.
OHOMIVIIST

Eyu Examined
Contact Lenses
Auou tron. Poll out“

Headquarters For:
W

o
- u... u...‘

ILOUSES - SKI"!
$WEATEIS - DRESSES

9

SRINNELL NEWTON

Dibble and Clark shared the
championship last year and
therefore draw some considera-
tlon tor this season. Clark has
lost to Dibble already, however,

and they don’t appear to have
the material of last year. Dibble
has also lost an extra inning
affair to East. a team that
must be regarded highly. now-
ever, East has lost to Rawson,
a team which apparently has
nothing.

Rationality never was one oi
the stronger features or North
Campus softball. This, then,
leaves Cowles (Cowles?) as one
or the major threats. Their hon-
eymoon will soon be over,
though, as they have yet to play
any of the strong teams,

South, North, Langan, West
and Gates seem relegated to
the middle or bottom of the
standings although the rule of
spoiler is a favorite softball oc-
cupation. This leaves Smith as
the team to beat. With many
huldovers from last year's team
and some additions from the
ltesilman baseball team, Smith
seems to have both the person-
nel and desire (they have not
won a major sport this year).
Letters oi refutation may be
addressed to the editor who will

summarily dispose of them.
Monday night, a crowd esti-
mated at live jammed the

swimming pool to watch the
umpteenth annual women’s 1. M.
swimming meet. Naturally
enough, chaos and contusion
reigned supreme. In addition to
the usual variety of races,
points were scored for term and
for certain unorthodox events.
Included in the festivities was
one race in which walking
rather than swimming was the
order at the day. The sweatshirt
relay had to be seen to be be
lleved. It consisted oi a four-
length race with each girl
swimming one length and then
taking off her sweatshirt and
putting it on the next girl. Need-
less to say, with wet sweat-
rhirto and wet girls and tren-
ried rumbling, interesting re-
sults toolt place. it ls a safe
bet there will be more than
live people there next year.
Last week, the Grinnell girls
swept to lirst place in the lows
State College Girls’ Meet at

Ames. Linda Arret was a double
winner while Betsy James,
Michelle Sweeney and Nancy
steinson were single winners.
Debby Epstein, Kim Lauridsen,
Peggy Stice and Val Budig took
points in their events.

Over Spring Break, Peggy
stlcc, Ann Harkey. Sue Krause,
Linda Railsback, Miss King and
Miss Buck went to Madison,
Wisconsin for the national con-
terence of the Athletic and
Recreational Federation of Col-
lege Women.

Page Eleven
Patronixa Our Advertisers

“mos: WHO HAVE worm hardest
nnd mi nroductlvrry lar [no dink
inuh'on ol suns-n misery .nd 1:

that the preconditions m 1) political
unhimy, nrtd 2) economlo Imam.
win be diupnointcd not nr ths
goals, exquisitely described so rho
Pope hi hi. new oncyclical, but by
the ruptured means, Illusory
.nd sail-deleatlnn, which ll lol-
lowcd would hnva the contrary
ollzcl in that
duimd by this
imam .nd holy

t... any at rh.
luv. at m.

ar nrvtsw. am.

to noon. cm. 1505.
3: at. N. v: u. N. 1

New Sunday Hours—8 am 'iii8pm

 

If you're graduatlng

this June,

here's your chance to get
a running head start
in a successful career.

____————-

‘nicre's only one hitch: it will take eight months of your time.

Half-price to
college students and
faculty:

the newspaper that
newspaper people
read. . .

At last count, we had more than 3,800 news.
paper editors _on our list of subscribers to The
Christian Science Monitor. Editors from all
over the world.

There is a good reason why these "pros" read
the Monitor: the Monitor is the world’s only
daily international newspape . Unlike local
papers, the Monitor locuses exclusively on
world news — the important news.

The Monitor selects the news it considers
most signiﬁcant and reports it, interprets it.
analyzes it in depth. It takes you further into
the news than any local paper can.

If this is the kind otf paper you would like to
be reading, we will send it to you right away at
half the regular price of $24.00 a year.

Clip the coupon. Find out why newspaper-
men themselves read the Monitor -— and, why
they invariably name it; as one of the ﬁve best;
papers in .the ‘world

The Christian Science Monitor

1 Norway Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02115

Please enter a Monitor subscription run the name below.
1 am enclosing s _ (U. s, funds) for the period
,choclredu 1 your 3 D 9 months so El 5 months 36

a College student W.-. Year of graduation
,3 Faculty member

But measured against results, these eight months could be the most advanta-
geous ones you'll ever spend.

lf you have the right qualiﬁcations—a BA. or 3.5. degree and a genuins
interest in succeeding—you may be one of a select group or young men partici-
paling in the new Management Internship Program at Saranac Lake in the
Lake Placid area of upstate New York.

This unprecedented program starts in early September and is sponsored by

the American Management Association — the World's largest and foremost
nonproﬁt educational organization devoted to advancing and sharing the
principles of sound management throughout lhe entire management oom-
muniiy. Last year alone some 1,300 separate AMA educational programs wen
attended by more than 100,000 managers representing such diverse ﬁelds as
business, education, labor, government, religion, public health, and the com-
munications media.

Everything about the Management lnternship Program is unique. The
Management Center where you’ll livc and study is oquipped with every recent
technical advance in educational methodology. The tlcully is drawn from
III: nation's most gifted and successful practicing managers. And the
curriculum is tailor-made to the knowledge every beginning manager needs
but tew posseSSrincluding well-developed leadership skills. ..a sophisticated
understanding of the interrelationships between business and other social and
economic organilarions. . .a thorough indoctrination in the various phase.

or management. . .and a ﬁrm grasp of practical business techniques.

In addition, you will have the invaluable opportunity to associate with the
company presidents, lahor leaders, government officials and other lop-level
administrators who panicipale in AMA’s regularly scheduled meetings.

It's unlikely that there is a manager at work today who would not have
welcomed aoomparable opportunity to gel a practical orientation in manage-
ment before embarking on his demanding career. Can you aﬂ’ord to pass it up'l

For further details on the Management luiernship Program — including
intormmion on scholarships and fellowships—writ: to:

Dr. Rob-d l. Brighlll

NHIYIGIII Management Aowcllllon, Inc.
The Amorlcnn Mlnlgemnnl Asloclltlon Building
135 W.“ 50th Shoot, le Valli, N. V. 1002.

-_——-——-—-

 

Page Twole

The Grinnell REPORTER

Saturday, April 21, I967

 

i
a.

3'

Student . Opinion

On irresponsible protest

By bond Fuulweii

‘ Politically I have always found my-
lelf allied with the “liberal wing" of
the Democratic Party. At all times I
have attempted to put my beliefs into
ractice. This included such things a!
troducing into the student senate two
years ago a resolution condemning Amer-
can involvement in Vietnam. I have
ulnce found it necessary to repudiate my
‘ariicr position. Consequently, I feel that
{should speak out on why I modified
my position on Vietnam and objected to
aspects of the April 15 Mobilization.

The campaign of Mr. Richard GDtt for
British Parliament last year was
instrumental in changing my beliefs on
Vietnam. Mr. Gott, the candidate of the
Radical Alliance, ran solely on the issue
or Vietnam. Every day on my way to
Hull University I had to pass his head-

uarters decorated with pictures of al-
_eged American atrocities in vietnam.
What struck me most about these pic-
tui‘es was their blurred condition, so had
that it was impossible to tell whether
the people pictured were male or female,
It was then that 1 finally began to real-
Ize that i might be caught up in a “lily
eral dogmatism.” I resolved to approach
the war with an open mind, for a “lib-
oral dogmatism” is no better than any
other type of dogmatism,

Consequently, Itried to attend all the
lectures and discussions on the Subject
I possibly could. One that particularly
stands out was a three hour program
on the BBC. On this Show were Tory and
Labour M.P.’s, an American journalist
ust returned from Vietnam, 3 Reader in

ielnamese Studies at London, and
Staughton Lynd. in their discussion the
United States position certainly came
out better than the antiwar position. I
elleve the primary reason for this was
the expertise of the pro-war people, With
the exception of Professor Lynd, who
had only been in Hanoi, none of the
anti-war people had been} in Southeast
Asia recently and none of them spoke
Vietnamese. The Labour and Tory M.i>.'s
who supported America, however, had
just returned from a junket throughout
all of Southeast Asia (including India
tino Pakistan).

The most impressive testimony was
by the expert on Vietnam who supported
the American policy, because this sud-
denly made me realize perhaps the aca-
demic community was not so solid in
its denunciation of the United States as
1 had been led to believe. The testimony
made me begin to scrutinize the profes-

sional qualifications of those academic:
speaking against the war. 1 discovered
the overwhelming majority were from
such disciplines as biology, chemistry,
and English. Those political scientists
who specialize in international affairs
and communism at such international
research and training centers as Harl-
vard, MIT, Tufts, and Yale, are Con-
spicuous in not speaking out against the
war. So on the “elipert” score I fear
that the anti-war people are often guilty
of the fallacy of argumentus ad Vere-
cundlami Freed of this fallacy, I found
myseli able to rationally examine the
issues and. 1 find myseli largely in
agreement with our present foreign pol-
icy.

AS far as the Mobilization is concerned,
I do not object to the right of dissent.
for I believe this right fundamental to
our system. However, I do believe a
right Carries With it certain responsibili-
ties. Chief among these are the use of
sound logic and the fair treatment of
the issues at hand, rather than clouding
the air through the use or emotive laden
words. i am sure those who speak out
against the war despise being labeled
by the Right as “pinkos” or “com-
syn'ips,” Yet, what do they contribute
to the dialogue? Unfortunately, I fear
the antiwar people are as guilty as the
radical Right in substituting emotion and
cliched phrases for sound argument.

By way oi example, take the state-
ments made by obviously reputable
people in the Mobilization. In particular
I refer to such wild statements as Amer-
ican troops are Nazis, that this is a war
“against colored people,” and that the
war is “betraying the dispossessed."
There was much more in the statement
about the reasons for the Mobilization
which I think any free-thinking individu-
al would ﬁnd distasteful at best, I would
suggest in the iuture anyone who wants
to align himself with a protest move-
ment find out in advance what the posi-
tion of that protest movement is, be-
cause there is a difference between
reasoned dissent and the uttering oi'
heckneyed phrases.

As far as the “Speakout” at Grilinell
was concerned, I found it on a higher
plane than the national Mobilization.
However, the tenor set for the meeting
was uniortunately the same as that of
the national protest.

Nevertheless, Grinnell's “SpealeDut”
was saved from mere repetition of tired
rhetoric by several of the speakers. In
my opinion, those speakers who dealt
with such issues as whither Vietnam is

A M o N e
r H o 5: AT-
TENDING ilie
D a 5 Maine:
March w . r e
ll-rl L y n n e
Sussman, Al
Hanawelt and
former student-
Mimi Anderson.

Photo by
Trip Kennedy

} Assault

(Continued from Page 1)
said, ‘i'm gonna punch you in the
mouth.’

“I said to him, ‘Try it.’

"He hit me. I made no move to retel-
iate, and immediately said to him, ‘I'm
going to charge you with assault.‘

"One of the men who was also picket-
ing and shouting insults attempted to
restrain me.” This man was later iden-
tified as Russel Julian Lavina, of 2703
Columbia, Des Moines. "I was warned
by Levine that I'd better watch it or
“I’d be in trouble.”

John Hemingway, another Grinnell
student present, said the man later
identified as Levine grabbed him by the
arm as he approached the scene. “He
said something like ‘Don’t get involved;
we'll put you in jail: " Hemingway said
he could not remember his precise
words, though “He constantly wanted
us to know that he could put us in jail.”

Frank climbed the Capitol steps
where a police car waited. He said he
intended to report the young man for
assault.

Frank said that he aroused little in~

in our national interest, if our foreign
policy needs revision, if we have a legal
right to defend Vietnam, and whether
our actions are in the long run interest
or the Vietnamese seized upon the prop-
er areas of dissent. Though I may dis-
agree with them, at least I can under.
stand and respect their reasons. I feel
confident those individuals dealing with
the issues oi our fore gn policy recog-
nize the logical possibility of either side
being right ~— Vietnam is a matter of
probability.

In conclusion, I would like to reiterate
my belief that dissent is a cherished
right of our nation. But I do not feel
that irresponsible dissent as seen in the
Mobilization can do anything but aid the
enemy (see Newsweek, April 9, 1967).
Responsible dissent, however, concem<
ing itself with the basic premises or
foreign policy. cannot help but strength-
en us. it would have been my hope the
war protestors, at least at Grinnell,
would have seen fit to try to provoke
rational discussion rather than to at-
tempt to reinforce themselves with the
timeworn phrases or radical dogmatists.
Because i see the importance of a thor-
ough examination of the war by all
people, I have taken it upon myself to
contact the State Department in the
hopes oi arranging a talk. Perhaps if all
come with open minds, we may see an
end to dogmatism at Grinneil, and the
appreciation of “grays” instead of
“blacks" and “whites." With our friends
and relatives dying, it is the least we
can do.

} Des Moines

(Continued from Page 1)

or the bystanders interviewed, were un<
decided, ieeling, in many cases, “we
don't know enough truth about the war
to be able to judge."

At the Walk through Des Moines, the
rally held on the Capitol steps was as
careiully non-extreme as the march it-
self. Competing wim shouts from the
hecklers L‘if “Death to traitorsl” and
“Communist dupes!" the speakers em-
phasized the destructiveness of the
Vietnam war and criticized American
policy in general and the drait
in particular. Although the statements
were sharply critical, there was no
draft-card burning atmosphere. Even
the mass chanting oi “Get out of
Viet Nam” was well-organized and lim<
ited to six repetitions.

Following the rally, most oi the
marchers dispersed rapidly. Argu-
ments between hecklers and peace ad-
vocates did produce a few near-fights,
but only one propeace student, Larry
Frank from Grinnell, was struck.

Back at Grinncll, I student who
marched, over-hearing herself called
“a peace creep," returned to her desk
in the library and found a dead and
bleeding mouse placed there by other
Grinnell students.
E

lerest when he reported the incident to
the two policeman in the car. “The first
policeman did not seem interested at
all. He told me I would have to talk to
the sergeant, sitting on the other seat
of the car," he said, “I told the ser-
geant what was happening, and he con-
tinued to stare through the window."

Frank continued: "I was going to try
to take the policemen to where he (Mich-
Ael Penzner, another Grinnell student)
was—he was following him. The ser-
geant finally got out of the car. I asked
him, ‘Would you follow me to where
this boy is: The sergeant said, ‘Yes.’ I
ran down the hill but none of the police-
men followed me.”

Hemingway and Penzner followed
the boy Frank claimed hit him. Frank
went on to say, “I followed him across
the Capitol lawn onto a Street. He again
threatened me and tried to get me to
fight him. He even tried to start a light
with Penzrler.

"The man who tried to restrain me
before, one of the hecklers, drove up.
He warned me that I would get into
trouble He Said that I would spend the
night in jail and told the boy to get into
his car,

“I took down the license number of
the car, 77-1206, I asked him his name.
He very arrogantly said it was Lavine,
He pulled out his wallet and showed me
a badge. He told me to meet him down
at the police station,"

Hemingway stated he was also
shown the badge. “I-Ie threatened to put
us all in jail for something like disor-
derly conduct. I asked him if he had
the authority to do that.

"He said, ‘I have here,’ and showed
me a gold and silver badge."

None of the witnesses stated this man
ever precisely identified himself as an
officer of the law. Frank said this man
said something to the effect of “See
this badge,” and Frank further said “I
thought it said ‘deputy,’ or ‘sheriff,’ or
something.”

Penzner said the man identified as
Levine asked him “if we wanted to
spend the night in jail.”

Frenk went to the police station. ‘I

See ASSAULT on Page 5

ADDRESS HEREl

aotggo suctsaiea orrqnd

 

