GRINNELL COLLEGE

. SCARLET 8: BLACK

THE STUDENT,
NEWSPAPER

 

Vol. LXXVl

Grinnell, ice... Friday. April 4. loss

 

» Faculty

At a faculty meeting March ll), History
prolessor Gregory ouroii introduced a
{notion to withdraw academic credit
irom the Alf Force ROTC program
on campus. Guroii’s motion, it passed,
fould possibly mark a pivotal point in
he lsyeor relationship between the De-
artment oi the Air Force and Grinnell
; liege.
ilt‘i 1951, during the Korean War, the
college asked the Department or the
Air Force to place a ROTC detachs
inent on campus. This request was made
{g slow the drain of male draitees. N:
:(at time, the ROTC curriculum was

ept under strict control by the depart—

No. 27)

Considering ROTC Status

merit oiiice in Washington. However,
these reins were gradually released and
the local detachment was given increas-

ing control 0! its curriculum in the
period beiore 1964, the detachment of»
tice was able to work iairly closely With
the college. Many suggestions were made
and incorporated and regular college
proiessors helped a great deal in the
teaching. In 1964, to replace homogeneity
lost by giving them more autonomy, the
Department reinstated its toll control
over the curriculum. Officially, that
control is still maintained.

However, since 1967, the iaculty has

A Justification \

ll Liberally Educated oilioor

py PHILIP C. PURDOM, Capt. USAF
Assistant Professor of Aerospace Studies

The Air Force program in its aca-
demic program is designed so that stu-
dents may familiarize themselves with
the instruments of national defense poli-
cy, with particular reference to the Air
Force, and the ways in which these
instruments are used in support of na—
tional policy. These studies range, dur-
ing the four years, from consideration
of the nature at war, to astronautics and
space operations, to the nature and
meaning of military professionalism, to
the efforts being made by the us. Gov-
ernment to find a Viable peace.

To me the chief value of hav-
ing a ROTC program on campus is, in
fact, the opportunity students have to
see the interrelationships of their stu<
dies in political science, history, econ-
limits, and the natural and physical scie
ences to the study of national detense
policy and problems. To the cadets in
the program, there are of course other
advantages in being in AFROTC. Schol-
arships and the opportunity to plan their
graduate education before military ser-

vice are probably two primary consid-
erations to many students. The quality
and variety of experience derived il'om
service as an officer in the Air Force
are perhaps the most signiiicant bene-
fits which most of our graduates will
value highly atter their period oi mili-
tary duty.

To the Air Force, however, the oppor-
tunity to obtain young oliicers with th-
verse backgrounds and viewpoints, who
have had occasion to develop their knowl-
edge and analytical ability as they were
receiving education toward a commis-
sion, is important to being effective as
an element 01 national security. The
problem raced by any organization is
to provide a continuing intlux of new
ideas, backgrounds, and concepts. This
is certainly true of the Air Force because
only through Willingness and capacity to
change can the organization be respon-
sive to the requirements of the civil
society. The Air Force has therefore de-
sired to maintain this voluntary rela-

PURDOM—
(Continued on Page 4, Column 4)

A Defense \

A Question of Alterndliv it

By BRUCE ARMSTRONG

The issue of removing academic credit
(tom ROTC courses must be seen in its
proper light. It academic credit were
removed from ROTC courses, students
at Grinnell would drop ROTC, I have
found that ROTC takes up more time per
uredit than any other course i have
taken at Grinnell. it would take a highly
exceptional student to carry 16 credits

lus ROTC as an extracurricular acti~
vity. I seriously doubt that any students
would undertake that type of workload.
Therefore, the attempt to eliminate aca-
demic credit from ROTC is actually an
attempt to remove ROTC from Grinnelll,
perhaps mt by design I admit.

Commenting ﬁrst on just tho retention
issue, there is one basic reason lor re-
taining it. There are three fundamental
choices available to the limit system.

1. Canada or jail — the first is a cop-
out, the second appeals to very few.
and neither is substantially used.

2. Being dratted — the most common
choice.

I. Becoming an nitrous.

There are two main avenues for those
of us not already in military academics,
leading toward a commission. One is
post-graduate olilcer programs such as
DCS and 0T5. The problem with this
method is that preferred status lnr erl<
trance to these schools is given to those
coming up through the ranks, not college
graduates. Consequently, these schools
are hard to enter because they are usual-
ly full. The other avenue is ROTC, redd-
lly available, and tor most of us, the
only one available.

One of the goals or this college is to
prepare students for a useful career.
Only the individual can decide what a
useiul career is, and as long as some
students at Grinnell decide that. the mili-
tary is fl useiul career, than it is con-
sistent with the goals of this college.
and perhaps incumbent upon it, to pro
vlde ROTC in a viable manner, meaning
with academic credit.

ignoring for the moment that academic
credit is directly linked to retention of

ARMSTRONG—-
A (Continued on Page 1, Column 4)

maintained its effort to offer curriculum
suggestions. Last tall, a faculty commit<
tee on Aerospace Studies was iormed to
coordinate faculty suggestions, though
this committee still had no controlling
power. The college remained on the de~
fenswe.

Gurotf commented on the reversal of
this defensive position in explaining the
rationale ior his motion. "1 believe the
ROTC program is inconsistent with
the established college standards for
granting credit. In the present situation,
it stands outside or the college. i am
also aware of two simultaneous move-

ments. One is the Air Force’s movement
away from local autonomy; the other is
the movement or U.S. colleges and uni-
versities toward greater control at the
curriculum. These are movements in
opposite directions." Guroii expressed
the hope that, if academic credit is with-
drawn. the Air Force would retain the
campus detachment, but change the
ROTC curriculum requirement to in-
clude a choice (it regularly scheduled
courses. Guroff concluded, “whatever
action the Air Force takes, at least Coll‘
tl‘Dl would be placed back with the col«
legs, which is our purpose.”

Three Levels

’ Faculty Ended on now

By ROBERT GREY
Instructor in Political Science

Two proposals are now being consid-
ered by the Grlnnell laculty: (1) termi—
nation of the college-ROTC tie, or (2)
removal of academic credit from ROTC
courses, and removal of professional
Status iol‘ ROTC instructors.

There are three levels on which the
argument is being conducted: that too-
using on national issues, campus issues
and that iocusing on advantages to stu-
dents. The level on which one chooses to
argue seems to largely determine one's
position on these two proposals.

Some of those who argue on the nation-
al level leel that Grinnell should, in how4
ever minor a fashion, contribute to the
liberalization of the military by “inlil-
trating” liberally educated young men
into the military. Those who make this
argument assume that either because
or our selection process or the “Grin-
nell Experience,” Grinnell students are
more liberal than, for instance. Air Force
Academy students, and are therefore
capable oi liberalizing the military. This
argument also assumes that subsequent

military experiences will not reduce these
Student's liberalism to the level of the
average Air Force Academy graduate.

Others. equally opposed to the role oi
the military in American life, [ind these
arguments unconvincing, being unsup«
ported by any relevant evidence. While
few of these feel that Gl‘innell's termi-
nation of the ROTC contract would rep
resent a devastating blow to the military,
they nevertheless feel that. Grinnell
should terminate the contract. Their are
gument largely rests on the symbolic
grounds that this act would represent
an explicit attack by a relatively pres—
tigious institution on the morally dis-
astrous policies and politically danger-
ous influence of the military in Ameri-
can policies. They also feel that substam
tial pressure irom the academic com.
niunity might aliect the military's role.

The iew laculty members who con-
centrate on the national level are those
most likely to support termination oi the
GREY-—
(Continued on Page 4, Column 1)

A Challenge

ll Limit to Freedom

By RICHARD SCHMlECHEN

it is argued that removal of Credit
for ROTC is the removal of the freedom
to take this alternative. Within this limit-
ed context, there ls the removal of free-
dom, but in a more subtle but more real-
istic and important context; academic
credit ior ROTC limits freedom to: all
Grinnell males.

ROTC is included in the college cata-
logue, in all the general inlormation on
Grinnell. This is a subtle and often not
so subtle encouragement by not only
ROTC but also Grinnell to join the pro<
gram. Neither the college nor ROTC en-
courage: the other alternative to mili-
tary service. No [acuity ls hiled, no
space provided, and certainly no aca-
demlc credit is given to those interested
in the other alternatives. This is neither
tree nor equal nor liberal. Filing a CO
form is just as time consuming as a
ROTC course, and it takes a great deal
more thinking. Grinnell type thinking.
Not military thinning.

All the departments at Grinnell Col-
lege am in some way preproiessional.

My objection to the ROTC program is
that it is preprciessional in a particular
way, antagonistic to the Grinnell policy
of freedom of academics. The ROTC boys
will often argue that the program will
help them in their careers, that ROTC
is no different than teacher training or
journalism. The teacher training pro-
gram at Grinnell has its curriculum con-
trolled by the school and the faculty
hired by the board of trustees. ROTC
iaculty is hired by the military, and
ROTC curriculum is not subject to any
kind of review.

To get a clearer view of what thll
means, one needs only to imagine what
Grinnell would be like, would General
motors move an executive training pro«
gram into Pine Tree and the Saturday
Evening Post move 3 Journalism school
into White House. Such a program may
have saved the Saturday evening Post
but it would certainly harm Grinnell
College and its students. Grinnell would

SCHMIECHEN—
sconunued on Pay I. Column in

 

Page Two

EDITORIALS

We Ain’t Gonna Study War No More?

“The only thing necessary to the trlumpll or evil is that good
men do nothing.” Edmund Burke

Many defend AFROTC as merely another course of study, its presence war—
ranting no moral decision. We disagree. ROTC, in any form, is an integral part of
the American military complex, which is in turn olten the instigator and always
the instrument of violence in American foreign policy. A moral stand must inevitably
be taken. Even those who disregard the issue because Grlnnell is small and few
students are involved, are taking a moral stand — that ol silent complicity. The
very existence of the Armed Forces must be either morally supported or con-
demned, and those who remain silent unavoidably give their tacit agreement to
this military complex.

The popular defense of the well-educated soldier, the set-called “liberal linger
on the trigger” hypothesis, is based on the assumption that the power of the
military will be used justly and humanely by intelligent men. There are at least
two weaknesses in this myth.

First, this idea may very Well have been valid back in the middle ages when
a man was a gentleman first and a soldier second, but this is no longer the case
Today’s army makes soldiers, pure and simple, who all fit the same, well dis
plined mold. Individualism, whether a result of education or any other factor, is
discouraged to the point where, atter military training and indoctrination, the
difference between a Grinnell soldier and a Texas Tech soldier is doubtlully Very
great.

A second weakness is that, given the structure of military life and the simple
directness of the chain of command (I say, therefore, you do), it is reasonable to
assume that, even if a man tried to implement. the lessons of his liberal education,
he would very probably prove to be utterly ineffective, (and has proved so, many
will testify).

It is apparent that, whatever the future status of AFROTC at Grinnell, our
decision here will not shake the world: we will not insure the success or the demise
of the military by what we do. This frees us to consider the principle involved in
the question, and allows us to act: morally upon what we decide. The sides are
drawn. will we symbolically demonstrate our aversion to both war and the military
by refusing to admit the compatability of an obvious instrument of violence with
the teachings of a liberal education, and discontinue any college ties with a
preparation for that violence? or will we, by remaining silent or continuing our ate
filiation with ROTC, become accomplices to that violence, in essence condonliig.
the existence and actions of the military, and affirming the proposition that any.
liberal arts graduate is only half a man without a few notches on his gull handle?

The decision is ours, and it is too important to be ignored or taken lightly. The
principle ’nvolved, complicity “All! the military and consequent support rendered
its basic policies and even its very existence, is too iundameiunl a contradiction to
the philosophy and beliefs of this college for us to be content with hallrway measures.
0ui- position must be made absolutely cle . all ties with ROTC must be immediate-
ly and completely abolished. Rather than hopelessly concentrate on Council Col—
lege‘s liberalization oi the U.s. Air Force, let us constructively concentrate on our
llbeidlizatlon of Gl'lllnell College.

S.K., an, KH.

Now is the Time

This weekend one of the most tragic events or our time, the assassination of
Dr. Mai-tin Luther King, will be commemorated. This is not the time for ninking
it a long weekend in Chicago, or starting your drinking a day earlier, or even
spending an extra few hours in the library, just because classes have been called
off for Friday. This is not Just another Gl‘lllllell Weekend. This is a time for taking
a long and hard look at ourselves, both as individuals and as a total community.
What did this man stand for? Why was he killed? Who killed him? And maybe
most importantly, how can we develop ourselves and our community so lliat he
will not have died in vain?

D.s.

So Happy Together

Some time in the near future, the Student Ailalls Committee will meet to decide
the status of next year's dormitories, their gender and distribution. This is the
perfect opportunity to examine the resulls of the Younker Experiment, with an
eye to both perservmg this coed dormitory and instituting others of the same type.

The increased social mobility and case of campus lite which has resulted from
this year's integration of campuses has been obvious. but equally obvious is the
fact that there is still room for enormous growth in this area. The overwhelming‘
success of the Younkers has shown us that, rather than be content With the halt
and half division of the campuses, the entire dormitory system should be modeled
as much as physically possible on the idea of coed dormitories. Alternating men’s
and women’s dorms and formation of shared-lounge dorms would insure the evolu»
tion of this natural living situation into maturity.

There are at least two other hall complexes on campus which offer possibilities
for a Younkeretype shared-lounge situation: Loose, and East and West Norris, both
of which should be made functional in this way as soon as possible. Arguments such
ls cost and the possibility of puritanical public outcries pale beside the enormous
benefits the addition of these complexes would provide. Ari institution which can
lavish money on such luxuries as unnecessary reception centers and multimillion
dollar game rooms can certainly, with a little planning, find the funds to dismantle
a few urinals and install them someplace else. And since when has Grinnell been
lfraid to step courageously and ambitiously in new directions and, despite close-
minded public sentiment, forge new paths toward truly liberal education? We
urge the Student Affairs Committee to act positively in this matter, and proVide
Gl'innell with the mature social structures it needs to become the ”experience" it
professes to be.

K. H.

SCARLET AND BLACK

l talk of the town l

by fredrlcka nelson

I wouldn't say that grinnell has n
ditterent aspect alter break, though the
smell of spring moisture is in the air
and the grass is hinting from its grey-
ness that it just might turn green and
surprise us all — maybe give us a sniff
of new life inside. . .

though places can go through seasons,
they do not have the kind 0! changes in
the middle of somewhere and sometime
that are characteristic of people. i think
many of us have returned, fulfilled by
new relationships or renewed by confron-
tations, to look around again at our
places in spacetime and dream or
change. i think many know that dream-
ing is funny and fantastic until it is
tumed into doing. we need to learn to
make what We ﬁnd into what we want.

>0! * III l‘

a friend of mine shared a fantasy with
me just yesterday. we agreed that this
country with its colleges of various
kinds and its multi-Various peoples is
long overdue for its apocalypse. the
friend had seen a horse in the sky draw-
ing a chariot of doomechange. the horse
was an omen and the people who saw
it tried to interpret its meaning, was it
had or good?

it was a stallion beautifully free With
no reins binding it behind the doomsman.
its hooves were drawn out into the
clouds behind it and its head was strainv
ing for the blue openness. there was llei—
[her Chariot nor l‘ltlel‘.

among mundane things the horse is
rare, but lmlteethe-less real. omens are
all around [or those who travel to notice
if they Wlll. places don’t change, but

April 4 m9

The Scarlet & Black

Grinnoll College,

Grinnell, lowa

An independent news»
paper published weekly.
during holidays

null
titer.

and examination periods.

a by the Grinnell Com-

Qd more on Student roari—

‘iy/ chums. Suhsnlptlon

MWNSE rate 35.00 Der school

yea
suslw mssm
.nnucr: STROM

Editor .,.._
nurlnm Manage

questions oi travelers and relate our
own experiences in such a way that we
will further our abilities to understand
and to make our dreams into realities.
these shared experiences help each of us
interpret the places we call our own.

enough. . . .

not because enough has been said, but
because i cannot say these things as
Well as they should be said.

* 3k * )0!

friends of ms. king will be glad to
know that i am no longer misinforming
them when i say that she has returned
and her shop is quite open.

also

the friendly freaks of 3271/; broad, in.
eluding the cat and {our beautiful kittens,
and their other people friends want to
wish mr. earl brown the best of luck in
his new business. the varsity will never
be the same, though young mr. daniorth
tries very hard. readers, stop at paglai’s
pizza in maryvills, missouri and say
hello to mr. brown.

=l< * * >l<

readers and friends,

you are cordially invited to come and
visit our kittens and look over our col<
leCtlorl 0i oddities that We are selling as
“furniture.” (kittens not for sale)

directly overhead dr. terguson’s office

on broad street and the stairway is on
the leIlh side.
good day.

people in new places are able to see
what isn’t so apparent to the natives.
hopefully each of us will be able to ask

 

 

iii Saul State

The swords of lawn Attorney Genet-n1 Richard Turner have been slashing away
ill Grinnell for seveial monllls now, and so far most of tls have managed to keep
our pl‘ovelbial cool. But the latest stab by the Des Moilles Crusader has cut a
bit too deeply to be ignored.

The Turner investigation of the disrbbing incident at Gl'ilinell was so ludicrous
that It llaldly melited editorial comment. The latest Turner fiasco is so outrageous
that it merits all the wrath that can be squeezed out of a typewriter.

As Griiinellinns were happily packing up for their annual Spring jaunt into the
real world, Richard Turner attempted lo castrate the already feeble Movement
at Grinliell by cutting oil iis organ of communication. On March l3
slate agents Hildef the direction of Turner — without a warrant m conﬁscated ma-
terial that was to have been printed in Ptel'odnctyl, Grinnell’s “underground” paper.

The Des Moines Register called the actions of the Attorney General’s Diilce
“shocking" and “totalitarian.” We would Call them despicable and intolerable.

Fl'lor restraint and censorship arc Concepts repulsive to anyone concerned
with protecting the righls of free press and free speech. But such total disregard
for due process or law, such blatant suppression of the freedom oi expression,
should provoke even the most apathetic Grinnellian.

The elltlre altair Smacks Soul'ly of hookburning, and if the values of this in-
stitution are worth anything at all, Grinnellians had better wake up and do some
firefighting. The book you save may eventually be your oivn.

Tile Iowa Civil Liberties Union should be commended for volunteering its
services to the Pterodactyl stair members whn have filed an $11,000 damage suit
against the Attorney General’s office in an effort to regain the confiscated material.

Turner’s testimony in the Case has been rather amusing. He claimed that
Ptera is “obscene” because ”it appeals to the prurient intelest,” despite the fact
that there has been no judlCial determination on the matter. Can We presume that
Mr. Turner meant to say that Piero appeals to his prurient interest? That would be
quite Et feather in the caps of the Flow staff.

Turner also claimed that no seizure Occurred, since the printer volunteered to
give Ptero's material lo State agents. it is clear. however, that the material was
volunteered by the printer only after the Attorney General had requested it. In any
event, Turner's relusal to retul‘ the material to its rightful owners on the Ptero
staff makes him solely responsible for the paper’s suppression, regardless of
whether or not all actual seizure occurred.

It was also amusing that after condemning Ptero as “obscene trash,” Turner
testified that he hadn’t read the copy completely. (Perhaps this is a inanisfestation
of the “blind justice” we hear so much about.) Turner explained, “It's too dis<
gusting.”

The storm trooper tactics of Richard Turner are what we find disgusting.
They appeal to the Puritan interest. They are utterly without redeeming social
value. And, to use Mr. Turner’s phraseology, they are mere trash.

Hopefully the courts will act rapidly in restoring Pterodactyl to its higheflying
position by dulling the sword of Richard Turner and pulling him back in his place,
wherever that may be.

l-lopefuily, even here in Nowhere, U.S.A., the pen is still mightier than the
sword. ll it is not, the sad state at Iowa is in a sadder state Lhan many of us had
feared. MB.

 

llridiy. April 4. lm

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Threo

 

lETTERS

Test Your Relevance

To the Editor oi the Scarlet and Black:
Students have expressed, ol late, some
dissatisfaction with the present system
of Senior Comprehensive Examinations.
We feel that academic institutions should
be responsive to student needs and sen-
timents. It would seem, therefore, that
a general interdisciplinary comprehen-
sive examination, designed to allow the
sludent to interpret the Grinnell Exper-
ience m his own way, might prove more
valuable in his educational development
than the traditional method of academic
measurement in current user
Herewith we submit a model comple-
hensive examination, well suited not
only to the capacities oi the average
liberal arts student. but also to his chns<
en iields Of interest. We make no claims
as to the universal applicability oi the
model. we do hope, however, that it
may suggest a new direction for those
dedicated faculty examiners who are
truly concerned with the maintenance

oI Grinnell‘s high Standards of moral,

athletic, and intellectual achievement

1. Write a brlei essay on “Law Eli—
iorcement”, without usliig the word
dingo.

1. Define briefly:

a) Clark l-lall

b) the Scarlet and Black

c) the Attorney General oi the state
of Iowa

d) mystery meat

, Draw, label, and explain a campus
dog.

. Give a synopsis of the Crossett Theory
oi Virginity. Do not. retcr to autumw
biles.

. Justiiy Chief Peters

. What is Saga Chuck’s real name? Be
sure to take into account both sym-
bolism and imagery, particularly as
these relate to function and structure
in the first tour chapters. Your ans-
wer should display ability to synthe-
size critical theory and empirical
evtdence.

7. Discuss dormitory living in {our let<
iers or less.

a. Examine In depth, the sociopolitical,
quasiebotanciol deriviations oi the
“hotbody” concept, as concretized in
Gates l-lall Lounge Coniroiitation at
5 February, 1969.

ll. Examine and document the ontologi-
cal argument {or the existence oi
.- especially as interpreted by
Pierodactyl. ..

ll). It has been said that: “The College
Bookstore is a viable alternative."
Comment.

Barbara Wolf '46
Julie Wolf '70
Molly Wolf ’71

STORY'S GULF

II Featuring

NOW:
Lawn Seed &

Fertililer,
coolers 8i

Gallup Equipment

1003 MAIN

Supression is No Alternative

To The Editor

It has become a Springtime tradition
{or certain segments of the Grinnell
student community to wage some kind
of war on the socalled “military-ilk
dustrial complex.” This year is no ex-
ception. Unfortunately, while the usual
bickering is at an innocuous, non-sub-
stanuve nature, this year’s ioray is
plainly deleterious. deleterious to those
who voluntarily choose the option oi
AFROTC.

Here, one notes that persons who
espouse the inalienable nature of indi—
vidual rights are reneging on their own
philosophy. Apparently, the pendulum
swings lrcely only for those who agree
with the proper channel of thought, In
short, one must think as he is told; i.er
one must be repulsed by any aspect of
the military whether it be General Le-
May or the Grinnell AFRCTC unit. And
if one does not agree that the military is
bad per Se, that “ideal" will be com
veniently eniorced ior him. indeed, each
individual should teel privileged to have
persons actrng in loco parentis for him

This coin, however, has two sides
(Iancy thatl). Certain individuals who
are planning their futures may decide
that an AFROTC Program is the solu-
tion to their military commitments. i
would suggest that these persons are
not ‘Fascists" or “militarists” a priori.
They may be puople who want to iultill
their military obligation in a way that
may enable them to use their college
educations to best advantage,

5.G.A, President Tom Thomas implies
in a recent statement that OCS pro-
grams are readily available to desirous
graduating students. What drivel! To
enter Air Force oiticer training. one
must be physically acceptable tor pilot
training. To enter Army ocs, however,
I do concede that one need only desire
to go to Vietnam as an intantry oiiicer.
Rumor has it that the majority oi grad-
uation seniors might not be interested
in the Army’s “generous" offer.

Ill View of the limited alternatives
presently available to graduating sen<
iUl'S. undelclassmen may be interested
in the AFROTC Program. Moreover,
some students may be interested and
some may not be interested. But my
point is this: if some individuals see
AFRDTC as a reasonable way to solve
their own particular problems, why
must others issue il directive that would,
in sheet, deprive the rights oi persons
seeking AFROTC as an alternative to
the draft? Why?

My theory regarding this question is
that some people at Griiinell College are
appalled that a iew people in their com-
munity wear uniiorms and drill. Some
people in other communities are ap-
palled that a iew people wear beards
and long hairl Perhaps the optimal so-
lution would be to abolish AFROTC,
beards, and long hair.

precious is each in lvidual’s right to
decide for himself —— even if it does not
conform to the decision that the ma-
jority would make.

Stan Wezelman

Step Up To

JD‘S RESTAURANT

mvi Main
Mon. . Sci. 5 la in pm.
Sunday — Noon 0- in pm.

“Don't Come Back Ci Honky"

By HELEN GLOVER
and BARBARA PARTEE

Before leaving Le Mayne-Owen COL
lege and embarking on this great cul-
tural (the beautiful aroma ol feet in ARI-l
during a movie and GeOlgc oi the Jungle
on Saturday mornings) and aca-
demic (the time and eliort placed
into independents, ha!) experience, an
admonition was heard popping up in
every conversation with the young peo—
ple our age, students or not, and it was:
“Don‘t come back a honky.” We just
weren't suppose to leave our “Black Irr

/

YT Issue Unclear

To the Editor of the 5&3:

During the week beiore Spring Recess
the campus mail was handed with
memos and countermemos concerned
with whether academic credit should be
removed from ROTC courses. while
about equally divided on whether it
should or should not be, they were alike
in falling to delineate the exact issue he-
tore the Faculty. In this letter I Will set
out my understanding or the issue and
my position on it.

Let‘s look carefully at the "Young
Tulk” (YT. the stage between YD 01‘ YR.
and VFW) motion which started this
controversy; more particularly, at the
reason given to "dis-credit" ROTC
courses. it was that the Faculty could
not Control the ROTC Curriculum, as it
does other curricula, the former being
prescribed by tlle Department ol the Air
Force (DAFL In the ensuing discussion,
it became apparent that, while there is
a provision in the College's contract with
the DAF which technically seems to im-
city the YT claim (see Tom Thomas'
memo of March l2), in practice the DAF
regards the alleged "prescriptions” as
guidelines.

Now, in tact the present ROTC in-
sti'uctors do {allow these guidelines, but
they maintain that they are under no
compulsion to do so. Thus, it seems to
me that whether or not the resulting
courses are good or bad (and I will
not be so presumptuous as to judge this
issue) reflects on the individual ROTC
instructor; not on the contract provi<
sion. as is implied by the YTs. For it a
course were bad, say because its in-
structor iollowed DAF guidelines, the
College Could dismiss him and require
that the now (me not follow them. (That
this latter course at action is possible is
coniirmed by a March 14 memo trom
the Department oi Aerospace Studies to
the Faculty.) it this line or - soning
is Cogent, both the Lindblom Criticism of
ROTC courses as “Simple‘minded”
(5&3, March 7) and the Armstrong et a1.
answer that they're not “at the bottom of
the Grinnell barrel” are irrelevant to
the YT motion. even it they are relevant
to an assessment of the ROTC program
on other grounds.

in response to this argument the YT's
(would, of course, seize on the letter of
the contract. But to do so seems to me
to beg the question at hand, since they
could just as well seize on the spirit
of the contract as recently communicat-
ed by a visiting DAF official. Further,
there may well he an explanation tor
the apparent divergence ot the letter and

stitutian" and come here and try to assi-
milate or else we would lose Contact with
the black people at home.

The soctal atmosphere of Griniiell is
indeed diiierent [min Le MoylierOwen,
but lots or the problems that exist on
this campus are quite the same. For in-
stance, idst semester the students at Le
Mayne-Owen rebelled against the stu-
dent government and it took several
mass meetings to get things straight
again. Our underground newspaper was
very eilicieht in criticizing the relation<
ship between the faculty and the stu-
dents. The president of Le Moyne70wen
is getting ready to retire and last Novem-
ber, the students gave him a big sur-
prise. Tliere were demonstrations against
such things as senior comprehensives,
mod in the cafeteria which ill the end
caused the students to go on strike
against all pay facilities on campus, the
grading system, the attitude of the col-
lege towards the rest at the community,
and anything else that deserved a good
demonstration There were large dis—
cussions between our president, the ad-
ministration, and the students. The most
important grievances were settled and
the others became promises of the Cu-
Lures

From the beginning we have been
treated as it we really belonged to Grin-
nell. We feel that more students from Le
Moyne—Owen did not participate in the
exchange program because most of them
Wanted to attend a small college which
wasn’t too far from their homes; a
semester at Griiinell meant a larger
college without a homey atmosphere.
But, aim being here tor halt a semester,
we think oriniiell is very cozy since our
'best buddies are our roommates and
the “folks" that live in our halls. We are
enjoying our experience at Grilinell and
we sincerely hope the exchange students
at Le Moynecwen can say the same.

___/

the spirit of the contract. As Mr. Frid-
lund, the visiting law processor, has
pointed out to me. the contract provi-
sion may he worded as it is to mollity the
budget-minded congressman who is an-
xious to see that the Government gets
its money's worth lrom an expensive
ROTC program.

ObVlously. one cannot inier from the
above considerations that there are no
grounds whatsoever for disecredlting
ROTC courses. Indeed, I think that
there are some very plausible ones. now-
ever, it is uniortunaie that they haven’t
been introduced in Faculty meeting as
supporting the YT motion,

Peter Bowman, Physics

and Philosophy at Science

——’:;=

} Schmiechen

Contlhued from Page 1

no longer be free or liberal or even me
main 3 “Good" school.

Such a prerproiessional program may
ostensibly increase alternatives for stu<
dents at Grinnell, but in reality it would
be repressive and destructive,

Such programs are not only limiting
in the students who take them, but un—
tair to those who don't. it certainly gives
no credit to the college.

 

DANISH MAID BAKERY

The Finest In Pastries

Usual and Unusual.
din FOURTH AVENUE

 

Page Four

} Grey

Continued from Page 1
relationship rather than its regulation.

For most faculty members, the college
level is the most important level of dis-
cussion. The important questions at this
level tend to he: does the ROTC program
conform to the standards applicable to
all other courses at the college, and if
not, can it be made to contorm to these
standards.

The argument has been made that both
the contract the school has signed with
the Air Force, and the laws establishing
the ROTC, provide that the contents of
ROTC courses are to be determined by
the Air Force, and the books used in
these courses are to be prepared by the
Air Force. it is further argued that
the staff members who teach these

TASTY
PASTRY

Bakery
Goods

263-4385 923 Broad

Friday, April 4, I95!
m

Poveriy Conference Program Announced

courses are proposed by the Air Force.
although the college may reject them.
Thus, some Grinllell professors mama
tam the ROTC program is independent of
the College. Unlike other courses, the
ROTC courses do not receive divisional,
executive council, and faculty approvals.
Since faculty can control neither the
Contents nor the Standards of these
courses, they should not be regarded as
acceptable academic courses deserving
academic credit.

There are two basic objections to their
argument: (1) that Air Force control,
although provided for by the contract
and the law, is not really exercised, and
(2) that the faculty doesn’t really control
any courses. However, the Air Force
does set goals and establishes limits on
the contents of these Courses, and if
at any time Washington officials Should
chose to pay attention to Grinnell, they
have the legal authority to exert control
beyond what the faculty normally has
over courses. Thus ROTC independence
of faculty control is a qualitative step
greater man that of any other course
or department.

It is the independence of faculty con-
trol that is the main basis of the move-
ment to deny credit to ROTC courses.
There are other less central arguments
motivating this movement. Some de—
scribe ROTC courses as advocating the
specific political and military viewpoints
of the Air Force, and thus proselytizing
rather than promoting a dispassionate
search for the truth.

For those who argue at the college lev-
a], there is no question of termination
of our Contract with ROTC. The question
at this level is how independent ROTC

 

For Your

Shop Poynier's

FOR YOUR
SPRING

FORMAL
Smarlly Styled By
Lorrie Deb
and

Lanz

Poynters 4th Ave. Fashions, lnc.

GRINNELL'S COMPLETE STYLE SHOP FOR WOMEN
SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY

Store Hours:

Noon 'Til 9 Mondays; 9

“m 5 Tuesday thru Saturday

The committee planning the Student
Symposium on Poverty has announced
the names or the conference speakers
and the topics of the panel discussions.

On April 22, Robert Coles, research
psychiatrist at Harvard University will
give the opening address providing an
overview of poverty in America and a
general definition of the problems in-
volved in reducing poverty. Also on
Tuesday, Grant Crandall, senior politi-
cal science major, will moderate a panel
on Urban poverty with panelists Craig
Beverly, administrator of the Milwaukee
inner City Development Project, Robert
coles. and Philip Hauser, proiessor of
sociology and director at the Population
Research and Training Center at the Uni-
versity of Chicago.

We panels and two lectures will take
place on Wednesday, April 23. Dick
Hartz, junior anthropology major. will
moderate a panel on Rural Poverty
made up of Harry M. Caudill, attorney
at law and author, Robert Coles, Hurry
Huge, attorney at law and participant
in the southern Center for Studies in
Public Action, and Tom Sasaki, associate
prolessor of sociology and anthropology
at Johns Hopkins University. Roy lnnis,
Executive Director of the Congress on
Racial Equality, will speak on the (actor
of black subcultures in American pover-

R

is, and whether this independence is so
comparatively great that we should deny
them credit. Some faculty are concerned
that the denial of academic credit would
have the same effect as termination of
our contract even if it would take longer.
However, there are now six institutions
which give no credit for Army ROTC
and 3 which give no credit for AFRoTC,
and in none of these cases has the ROTC
program been withdrawn by the military,

Finally, there is a group which can
siders all the above questions irrelevant,
and quibbling about trivial principles. To
these individuals, the most relevant faCA
tor is that no students are being harmed,
and that some are being helped. They
favor the retention or the ROTC contract
on the grounds that some could not at~
tend Grinnell without ROTC funds.

This appears to be a horribly narrow
perspective to take on this issue, Surely
Grinnell is not so poverty stricken that
it must depend on the Air Force to ii~
nance the education of deserving stu<
dents.

ty. Wednesday’s schedule,is completed
by a lecture on the role of community
organization in reducing poverty by saul
Alinsky, Executive Director of the InduSn
trial Areas Foundation, followed by a
panel on the same topic led by Diane
Ruvﬂelaere including Saul Alinsky, Edv
win Beriy, Executive Director or the
Chicago Urban League, Stoney Cooks
administrator of the Southern Christian
Leadership Conference, James Lowry,
New York social worker, and the Rev
erend Calvin 5. Morris, associate Direc<
tor ot the National Operation Bread—
basket.

On Thursday, April 24, the final panel
will deal with governments role in re
ducing poverty. Howard Ward, a senior
political science major, will moderate
the discussion among Anthony Downs
evaluating present attempts to eliminate
poverty and attempting a prognosis o!
poverty in America.

During the Symposium several com»
munity action and social welfare groups
will be represented on campus. The stu-
dent body is encouraged to look into
these constructive organizations for
summer work. Throughout the days of
the conference there will be many small
discussion groups for students to dis-
cuss iurther with the speakers the prob
lems and conflicts brought out by the
panels and lectures.

} Purdom

Continued from Page 1

tionship with a wide range of college:
and universities.

A student in the Air Force pro-
gram on this campus is consistent-
ly challenged in his ideas, his
beliefs and his conclusions. He should
1 think, be more perceptive and sensitive
citizen and officer as a result. By the
same token, so long as AFROTC main<
tains a position as an integral academic
department, the Faculty, Administra-
tion, and students have a better oppor-
tunity to exercise strong influence over
the kind of education given to future
officers. For example, the AFROTC pro
gram has met, and will continue to
meet, all requirements established by
Grinnell College for review and approval
of curriculum and instructional staff. Ac-
tions which loosen the bonds between
the academic community and the Air
Force ROTC program are therelore, i
believe, regressive.

 

Your Spring Formal

Representatives
On And Off Campus

Roger Roe

Ralph Chri

Murry Nelson

Cowles Don Peterson
North ..
Loose
Nomi Campus Mary Stuart

. Dave Hodgman
Rick Vraner

South Campus Nan Lower

on Campus .. . Tom Lower

CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVE

Tom Lower — Ph. 236-3232

BATES FLOWERS

1012 Broad

236-3197

 

Friday. Apia 4. low

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Fin

 

Leggett Letter Explains Events of Playboy Incident

Editors note: The tollowing
letter is being sent by President
Leggett to alumni and parents
in order to make clear the hap-
penings concerning the Playboy
incident. The letter is being
run here in order that students
may be aware or the kind ol
explanation being made by the
administration.

The “disrobing” incident at
February 5 has been the sub-
ject or a great deal or pub-
licity and comment, with some
corresponding misinter-
pretation, and I believe it would
be useful it 1 gave you a plain
account of the matter.

On Wednesday, February 5,
Mr. Brice Draper, the college
promotion manager of Playboy

magazine, was on campus for
discussions with students. He
was one oi a series at persons
who had been invited, at dif-
ferent times, by a committee
of students and resident ad-
visers to present a point of
view that would speak to an ass
pect of “The Social, Psycho-
logical, and sexual Aspects of
interpersonal Relation-
ships.” Among the other invited
speakers had been Dr. Lester
Kirkendall, an expert on iam-
ily lite; Dr. William Roy, gyne
cologist; Dr. Evelyn Gendel, an
expert on child care and ma-
ternal health; Dr. Zane ParLen,
psychiatrist: and the Reverend
Mr. John Hedger, Episcopalian
priest. However individuals on
the campus might ieel about
Playboy, the committee lelt

 

 

THE
RING
BOOT

We don't know who started it . ..
the guys or the gals But Dexter
has a solid hit on their hands.

The sole-less ring boot. .

in bulb/Bronco Hide leather.

MEN'S
And
LADIES'

Brown's Shoe Fit Company

CHARGE ACCOUNTS welcome

Your Bank Amerinard Welcome Here

that the magazine had a wide
circulation, that its philosophy
was widely promoted, and that
a thoughttul and open discus-
sion of this philosophy would
be desirable.

The discussion in question
took place in Gates Hall
Lounge, starting about 4
o’clock. According to the evi—
dence given me, about 75 per-
sons were present, including
two or three resident advisers
and the president of the student
body. Mr. Tom Thomas. Mr.
Draper made a briet opening
statement about the "Playboy
Philosophy” concerning rela-
tionships between men and
women. After his opening re-
marks, there was a discussion
for 10 or 15 minutes. Then six
women and four men, all stu—
dents, who had been sitting on
the ﬂoor 0“ to one side of the
lounge, rose, disrobed. resumed
their seats, and sang “You‘ve
Got to Walk That Lonesome
Valley." During this period,
some other students (they were
dressed) passed among the
others in attendance, handing
out the following statement,
entitled “Playboy Magazine ls
a Moneerilallger in the Temple
ol the Body":

Playboy claims to espouse
a philosophy that asserts the
body is good and the body is

beautiful, but Playboy de-
means the human body. Pre-
tending to appreciate and re-
spect the beauty of the naked
human form, Playboy in ac-
tuatity stereotypes the body
and cammercializes on it.

Playboy substitutes fetishism
for honest appreciation oi the
endless variety or human
forms.

Playboy says the body is
good, but posing as liberator
it offels us a sexuality of

“subjects" and “objects" —
of those who desire and act,
and those who are desirable
and acted upon. Thus sexual
activity is dehumanized and
depersonalized.

We believe that the human
body is good and beautilul,
but a sensual and aesthetic
appreciation ot the body can-
not be divorced trom an ap-
preciation of and respect for
persons, or both sexes, or all
shapes and sizes, We protest

Playboy‘s images or lapdog
female playthings with ideal-
ized proportions and their
junior - executive - on - the -
way - up possessors. The
Playboy bunny is an aiiront
to human sexual dignity.

While this statement was be-
ing handed out, several other
persons who had come with
cameras photographed the dem-
onstrators and some others
present. Some of the nude dem»
onstrators did stand, but at no
time did any oi them posture
or walk around. Aiter the brief
period of singing, the discus-
sion between Mr. Draper and
the audience continued. Some
of those students who had dis-
robed participated in the dis-
cussion, challenging Mr. Dra-
per over the View of women
represented by Playboy, that
sexuality can be divorced irom
personal meaning. After some
lilteen minutes, the students
who had disrobed put their
clothes back on. The discussion
then continued ior about thirty
minutes longer.

Within an hour and a half,
a local “stringer" had put the
story and photographs in the
hands or the Des Moines news
media, one or which was a wire
service, which distributed one
or more or the pictures on its
national wire. There is no point
in our saying that the news
media “sensationalized” the
case. The incident did happen,
and we are all aware by this
time that what makes front-
page news is “newsworthiness”
and is not subject to our own
notions or tair play or can
science.

When the student deans and I
met the next morning, we
agreed that the lirst step was

 

Your last Check
From home
just bounced? '

Think it over, over coffee

TheTllink Drink. ‘

unummn onn tm
fhlnhDilr-htdu', Duyrl N, -

M7!£lnlymnnmundndlullb¢
luﬂs. sumo, mmoou in. llllemltlon-i Coll-IDq-mlllipn.

to get accurate identilication oi
the demonstrators; then talk to
them individually and notity
their parents. Accordingly.
Deans Low and Thompson talk-
ed to students and resident ad-
visers who had been at the
meeting, secured the names or
the demonstrators, and then
sent copies or the following let-
[er to them:

You have heen identiﬁed as
one or a group at students
who dismbed in Gates Lounge
on the Grinnell campus last
Wednesday, February 5, with
the stated purpose at protest-
ing the visit of 2 Playboy
magazine representative and
his magazine’s unsavory com-
mercial exploitation or worn-
anhood.

By a pmcess or reaction
that by now has become very
ramilisr to college campuses,
Ihe incident has dime harm to
the college's educational el-
iort by damaging its public
reputation. M o s t probably.
your action will ﬁnally have
less impact on the problems
you describe than it will in
continuing many in their be-
liel that appearances no
count, that the college “looks
bad,” and that when its good
action is publicimd, even that
will be somehow suspect. At
any rate we do make the
point that your action has
left the human issues less
usefully defined, and in some
quarters has generated a re
action antagonistic to the col-
lege and to its educational
goals.

On a personal level, we
note that the problems gener-
ated by a conﬂict oi this sort
(that is, problems created by
doing impulsive damage to the
institution that you presum.
nhiy are beneﬁting from are
becoming steadily more com-
plex.

We are sending a copy ol
this letter to your parents
and would invite you and/or
your parents to discuss the
implications of this incident
with us.

The process of talking indi-
vidually with the students took
some time. Several of tile stu-
dents resented (lte fact that
their parents had been sent
copies of the letter. But the
College is clearly obligated to
inform the parents of students
who may be involved in a dis-
ciplinary action; this obligav
tion is particularly urgent if
the national news media are
publishing an account (and a
picture) pt what the student
has done. While the deans were
talking to the students involved.
several other students began

LEGGE'IT LETTER—-
(Continued Page 5, Column 1)

"LIKE 'Povlsx'rv’ And ’ci'vil
rights) and ’inregrarl'on’ belore
it, 'hungef is n slippery, vague,
open-ended ward, loaded with
emotional impact. Typicnlly,
newspaper coverage begins, in the
headlines, with ’hungei’; only well
into the ilory doeril become clear
lhntwhnl is usually it issue is mil-
nutrition, disease or ignorance. It
in, [nee it, easier and more excite
ingrainzk about is. a i... may .r
'hunger‘ rhnn Wm. r. lucid-V’-
nbonr malnu- l “r

m‘tion," r. loo 2. as. it
* N. 1. limo. "

 

Pugs Six'

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday, April 4, lm

 

} Leggeil’ Letter

(Continued from Page 5)

to circulate petitions questione
lng the method used by the
demonstrators and to express
concern over the way the news
media had handled the delilOn‘
stratioii.

In the meanﬂme, the Grinllell
demonstration, along with some
troubles at other campuses in
Iowa, led several members at
the Iowa legislature, then
in assembly in Des Molnes, to
speak out their thoughts on col-

logo and university “disorders"
on the ﬂour of the General AS-
sembly. The Attorney General
or the state, Mr, Richard Tur-
ner, was reported in the news
as saying that he was “inquir-
ing into the nude demonstra»
tion at Grinnell and the use or
obscene language at lowa City
and Ames to see it any laws
have been violated." Shortly
after this report, I was called
upon in my office by an Assist-
ant Attorney General who ex-
plained courteously that he and
several of his associates were
visiting the campus and the

 

liddiiihh’d JEWELRY

Corner 4th & Brood
Grinnell, Iowa

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Being with each other, doing things together . . . know-
ing that your affection is growing into precious and
enduring lover Happily, all these cherished moments

will be forever symbolized b

y your diamond engagement

ring. if the name, Keepsake. is in the ring and on the tag.
you are assured of fine quality and lasting satisfaction.
The engagement diamond is flawless, of superb color,
and precise modern out. Your Keepsake Jeweler will
assist you in making your selection . . . He's in the yellow
pages undor'erelers.“ Rings from $100 to $10,000i

Illustrations enlarged to show

detaill'Ttade-mark reg.

A. H. Fund (30.. inc., Est. 1892.

Keepsake»

DIAMOND muss

__.__. ______ -_____..1

HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDlNG

Please and new zooms booklet.

"How To Plan Your Engage-

ment and Weddlng" and new 12-pagc lull color lolder, both lor
only 250. Also, Send special ﬁller cl baaulllul 44-17398 Bride's Book.

Name
R

M
Slate—K‘ﬂpﬁ

l
I
l
l
l
Audra" i
R
l
I

KEEPSAKE DlﬂMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, N. Y. 13201

community to inquire him the
matter, They understood and
approved of my desire to COW
fer with the legal counsel of
the College hetore talking at
any length with them about the
matter. Alter such a cDIlier~
ence, and after further discus—
sion with the student deans, I
decided to halt any turtlier col-
lege procedures, to advise the
students to seek legal counsel,
and to consult with their par
ents.

(Both the College and the civil
authorities have standards 01'
behavior they expect from per-
sons within their communities,
and each authority has the
right to its own function. But I
do not believe that in this case
these functions can be operable
simultaneously.)

Tile presence at the Assistant
Attorneys General was imme
diately widely known on cama
pus through the wonders of
those communication devices,
more psychical than real,
which all Small cummunities
have. The Student Senate pass-
ed a resolution calling tor stu-
dents not to cooperate with in-
vestigntors, and those students
who had been circulating
statements and petitions disap-
proving ot the “demonstration"
ceased their ellorts. Part DI
the news account of this reac-
tion went as follows:

(A Grinnell student) said
plans to circulate petitions

denouncing the nudity inci-
dent were dropped because
state officials “intruded” on
campus.

He said he believes n ma-
jorily of Grimlell students
would have signed the potl-
tions but “now the campus is
really united against the at-
tomey general's ofﬁoe."

“They are not defending
the demonstrators,” he add
ed, “but rather themselves."

Thomas (Tom Thomas,
president oi the student body)
said he tell the majority or
the Student Senate agreed
with the principles or the pro-
test but not necessarily with
the tactics. l-le paraphrased
the sentiment this way: “I
might not have done it that

way, but I‘ll delend
right to do It."

The incident continued to be
the subject of news reports.
special features, and editorials,
and letters to me and staff per-
sons irom alumni, patents, and
interested on-lookers. In a few
days it became clear that the
investigators had identiﬁed the
demonstrators who would be
summoned belore a local jus-
tice oi the peace tor a prellm-
inaiy hearing on the charge of
“indecent exposure," a misde-
meanor under Iowa law. The
preliminary hearings were held
in Gl‘lnnell; the justice or the
peace then remanded the case
to the district court, which at
the point of this writing has
not yet met to hear it.

Attitudes toward this whole
case have been characterized
from the beginning by strongly
expressed and diverse opinions.
These opinions exist not only
in the student body and among
the [acuity but also in the com
munity, and among alumni and
parents. The following selec-
tions from letters addressed to
me by concerned alumni illus-
[rate the point;

Does Grinnell have extra-
ordinary success in recruit-
ing neui-otics, psychotics, and
exhibitionists, or are the lac.
ulty and administration ex-
ceptionally skillful in trans-
torming tairiy normal stu-
dents into kooks and jerks?”
Another questioned

“May I ask WHY a repre-
sentative oi Playboy was al-
lowed on campus and WHY
there was no one in authority
there to break up the meeting
when it got ‘out of bounds’?"
.siime toured for the college

“i hope the students can
see that the embarrassment
to the college tar outweighed
the damage to Ylaybay. ln
lhe meantime you can con-
sole yoursell with the tact
that at least the students
were not joined by iaculty
members, and classes were
not interrupted — nor did p0-
Iice have to he called, C01“-
pared to many other college
presidents you have much to
be thankful tor."

your

Be the Belle
of the Ball

Choose the most

bewiiching dress
ever danced

that

Cl oi prom from
Virginia’s Spring

Collection -—

Sixes 3 to IT

still others sought to under-
stand the motives

“Grinnell students have
typically avoided any means
or protest which gives a lie
to their ends. Thus, recruiters
don‘t get locked in cars or
barred frum buildings, but

are confmnted with a mili-
tary cemetery in the middle
or the campus. Buildings
don't get burned down at
Grinnell when students dis-
agree with rules. Instead,
students energetically attack
the problem with more con-
structive means like discus<
sion groups, meetings with
administrators, symbolic rule-
breaking, and persistent per-
suasion Though students at
most colleges are very sus-
ceptible to the contagion oi
adolescent-type rebellion, pro.
Iesting the mast minor annay<
ances, the few Grinnell stu«
dents who saw lit to speak
out against the graduation
titual (last May) had the ma-
turity to see the reasonable.
ness in their president’s
gentle chiding, so that instead
or demonstrating over caps
and gowns, Grinnell seniors
made better use or graduae
tion by taking the opportunity
to protest against a fearful
and disgracetul war. A white
drive (pigeon) being need
from a graduate‘s gown was
a beautiful gesture, typical oi
Grinnell Ihiliking and prior-
ltles.

“The Playboy philosophy is
alien to everything that a
progressive coeducational col-
lege like Grimell stands for.
But it is so seductively put
forth in all the mass media,
that many men and women,
even at a college like Grill‘
nell, are subtly inﬂuenced by
it and blind in its implica-
tions. Therefore, 1 was great-
iy impressed that Grinnel-
Iians showed an awareness of
the significance of the Play-
boy representative’s partici-
pation in a sex education dis
cussion, and made a cour-
ageous 17 u b I i c criticism
against this hypocritical phil-
nsophy."

As I Write this letter, the stu-
dents involved are going
through the painlul, and expen.
sive, process associated with
legal action. I think it the
better part at wisdom for the
rest of us to remain concerned
but not impatient. This kind of
incident, like a few others that
have occurred on the campus,
is particularly susceptible to
the kind of attention the new!
media wishes to give it. We
have a lively, colicemcd, artic<
ulate student body (with an une
common number of talented
photographers aild ioumalists),
and the inevitability of occa«
sional sensational publicity is
a misiortune the College must
live with and must ask its
alumni and friends to under
stand.

The revolution going on in
American educational institu~
tions is real and pronounced,
and the constructive part of it,
which is the result of unglam-
orous and sometimes palniul
procedures, is not going to re-
ceive the same public attention
as does the exhibitionistic or
the generally sensational. Col-
leges can only hope that alum-
ni, parents, and friends will
continue to be supportive and
understanding.

 

'Apiil 4 I969

AILET AND BLACK

M

Lew: “Optimistic" SEA Future

Jim Lew. newly elected SGA
president, presented an opti-
mistic outlook on the future of
Grinnell's student government
at a recent interview with the
“:3.

Concerning the Council of
Thirteen, he said that it was
“based on a good concept if it
could be truly representative of
the whole campus." and that
hopefully since the senate‘s lic-
Lion concerning student apathy,
more students will be stimu-
lated to participate in the up-
coming elections.

Lew‘s biggest plan that he
would like to see put into action
is the calling of a general as»
sembly four times a year, at
the beginning of each semester
and after each midvsem break.

The purpose of these would
be to provide an open forum
to present different viewpoints
on what has happened and
what will happen at Grinnell.”
Speakers representing different
factions of the campus will
present programs, and com-
mittees and administration will
deliver progress reports, “state

neon

WiTH SUPER
$1.05 5i

DiSCQUNT
mac 5

Complete
Home
Permanent

$1.69 SIZE

STOP
SHOP

of the college" addresses.
“Hopefully,” Lew commented,
"this will stimulate participa-
tion and new committees may
form out of the general as-
semblies."

Lew would like the Senate to
have much more contact with
house presidents and student
advisers, particularly the latter
because of their convenient lo-
cation on every floor. He also
suggested that certain son of—
ﬁces should have a salary in»
crease, but declined to mention
which ones in particular he was
referring to.

Another program Lew has in
mind is one where representa-
tives from other area colleges
would visit Grinnell, with
Grinnell doing likewise. Ha
thinks that this would probably
benefit the public image of
Grinnell as well as provide a
better perspective for all col-
leges concerned,

Lew said that some of his
policies will “mirror his per-
sonality” but right now he has
no definite image of what a
leader should be. He said that

816 5TH AVEN UE

GL-N)
ZE

Shoulders

$1.55 LOTION
$1.85 JAR
$1.65 TUBE

YOUR CHOICE

YOU ¢
no 93
ONLY. ..

41111:?" ’ SAVE

Pterodaotyl Discussed
Behind Closed Doors

l-lenry Wilhelm and Lawrence
Frank, two Plerodsctyl staff
members, appeared at the
March 17 meeting of the Grin-

nell City Council and requested
copies of the minutes of a
closed—door executive session
during which councilmen dis-
cussed the underground papers

Wilhelm and Frank referred
to a March 10 editorial in the
Grinnell Herald Register which
charged that the closed session
called by Mayor Floyd Beaver
was illegal under the Iowa
Code. The editorial said that
the executive session w as
called to discuss Pterodactyl
and the possibility of assign-

he would probably define his
role of SGA president as he
goes along, working “for the
good of the student body, not
necessarily for the preserva-
tion of the college system.”

EISQ®UNT
CEWWER

CONCENTRA‘EED
$1. 45 512E

ORAL HYGIENIC
MOUTHWASH
AND GARGLE

SUPER SIZE

$1.98 SIZE

GIBSON
DISCOUNT
PRICE. .

A0

i

Ing I police officer to patrol
the Grinnell College campus

Beaver told Wilhelm that no
minutes of the closed session
were available because it was
“informaL”

Several councilmen criticized
the contents of Pterodactyl and
questioned the rationale behind
its publication. “Why does it
have to be published at all?"
Beaver asked.

Wilhelm explained that the
paper is published “to present
different points of View” and
for “cultural stimulation.”

“1 don‘t think we'd all neces-
sarily agree that Pterodactyl is
‘cultured’," Beaver replied,

Councilman Alan Jones

(Filst Ward), who is a his—
tory protessor at the College,
made this comment: “it’s no
secret that the paper has
been provocative in nature,
and that it offends the tastes
and sensib ities of the com-
munity. In fact, I think it’s
unduly provocative.“

Second Ward Councilman
RUSS Mott told Wilhelm he
thinks the students responsible
for Pterodaciyl want Grinllell to
“be like San Francisco.”

“Let’s leave Grinneli as Grin-
nell,” Mott said.

Wilhelm said that although
many residents of Glinllell may
be oilendetl by Ptcrotiac‘tyl,
“they don’t have to buy it if
they don’t want to."

“We’re al‘ticilt ball "or;
freedom ol the pies,"
added.

in
he

h Armstrong

Continued ri-ani Page i

ROTC, let's turn to the reasons
Eliminaiion is advocated. There
are four common reasons.

First, it is alleged by sortie
ROTC courses Eire oi inferior
quality and therefore should
not receive credit. Having taken
mtnty orninell courses, 1 can
assure that ROTC courses are
not interior to average Grin-
neii Courses.

Second. some say that facility
lacks control over the ROTC
curriculum Legally, this may
or may not be Valid, I do not
know for sure, But we should
be looking at the actual work-
ings of the system. To my unr
del'standing, ii any changes
were requested by the college,
changes would be made. It the
change were too much for
ROTC to comply with, the rice
tachiiicnt would probably with-
drzlw.

Third, it is stated by some
that the goals of the military
are antithetical to the goals of
the college. Even granting this
somewhat dubious bland state-
ment to be true, the military
and ROTC are not one and the
same. In ROTC courses, aca—
demic freedom, dissent, disav
greement, etc. are ureserved
and encouraged, And the goal
of ROTC ls education, which
should not be antithetical to
the goals of the college.

Fourth, it is stated by some
that ROTC courses are techni-
cal training rather than aca-
demic endeavors. In some sec-

New Left Speaks

A campus Conference on the
New Politics has been sched-
uled for April 16-18, according
to junior Ira Boinick, chairman
of the Conference’s student
planning committee.

“The purpose of the Confer-
ence is to provide an oppor-
tunity for the exchange and ex—
amination of the political idea
olugies of ihe New Left," BOI-
nick told the 5&3.

“The Conference isn't going
to be a circus," he continued.
“Many people right now are
very down on the New Leit.
We want to get them seriously
interested in a political discus-
sion of it."

Among those scheduled to
speak at the three-day Confer-
ence is controversial radical
activist Jerry Rubin

Rubin, a leader of the Yippie
movement, is presently under
indictment by a federal grand
jury in Chicago along with
other New Left leaders who are
being charged with crossing
state lines to incite riots during
the Democratic Convention last
August.

Bolnick told the 5&3 that al-
though Rubin is under indict-
ment, he is permitted to leave
Illinois for speaking engage-
mellis.

Other speakers who have
agreed to attend the Conference
are Hal Draper, editor of New
Politics magazine; Representa-
[We Al Lowenstein (Dem,
N.Y.), who was a piominent
iigtwe in the recent Presiden-
tial campaign or Senuiar
Eugene McCarthy; and the
Reverend Andrew Young of the
Southern Christian Leadetsl’np
Colifeience, who was a close
associate of the late Dl'. Mal“-
tin Luther King.

A telephonic lecture by writer
and social theorist Paul Good-
mztll is also scheduled for the
Conference. Boinick said that
various “resource people” will
be present at the Conference
to reply to the principle speak-
ers.

The Conference on the New
Politics is being cosponsored
by the College’s Program in
Practical Political Etiucarlon
(PPPE) anti the American
Friends 5 e rv i c e Committee
(AFSC).

The Conference is being
planned by student represenln—
[Ives Irom SlX organilailohs on
tile Gi'innell campus. They
are: Bolnick (YR’S), Howard
Ward (CBS), Todd Frietilander
(YD‘s), Bonnie Tinker (sue),
Andy Loewi (AWARE), and
Tom Triplett (56A).

Elections . . . .

The election for C. of l'i.Pe
President and AWS Board Plc5<
ident will be held Monda
April 7 in the lunch lines. CE
didates for the C. of HP. poSl—
tion are juniors Bruce Nissen
and Mike Penzner, and sopho~
more Ernest Weston. Sally
l-iaymen is the only candidate
for the A.w.s. position. Tenta—
[We plans are being made by
the candidates to discuss their
views on the radio or in an
open discussion Sunday eve-
nlng,

[ions of the curriculum this is
true. But no more than in chem-
stry, physics, biology. mathe-
malics, etc.

 

Page sight

Where the Truth Hurts i

By TOM THOMAS

The United States today faces a cathar-
sis e a dead end brought about by the
failure of American liberalism culmi—
nating in the Johnson administration.
This liberalization, however, has corn»
pounded the tragedy of the situation
through its castration of American ra-
dicalism, Having been subjected to the
reactionary whims of my home town tor
the two weeks of spring break, I have
arrived at the belief that Grinnell radi-
calism is superfluous —< made irrevelant
not by the isolation of all iowa cornfield,
but by its inapplicability to a contem-
porary society.

Through cooptation and assimilation,
the liberal establishment has ensnated
the American university system, sup-
pressed opposition with the soscalled
“politics of consensus," and dismissed
the possibility of viable political alterna-
tives. correspondingly, the left of Amer»
ican politics has itself become a part or
the system (Le. the college professor of
leftist belief who Without hesttation lends
his talents to the Rand Corporation or
the Pentagon’s Project Camelot). What
remains, then, is what is so evident
here at Grinnell ~ revolution for the hell
of it with — “the system” as a catch
phrase and the petty semantictsm of cail<
ing B&G men “workers."

What is needed instead is the promul-
gation of radical alternatives to the "es-
tabllshment" which is so readily dis-
paraged. The distinction must be made
between the hopeless and nihilistic en<
tanglements of a radical “countersrevm
lution" or reaction to the reaction of the
right and the fulwardlng ot a viable
radical program. At Grinnell students
and faculty alike have spent far too much
time smugly revelling in their Enlighten-
merit outlooks oi the American system
while avoiding all attempts at either
substantive reform or effective revolu-
tion.

The present situation necessnaies A
disengagement, at least intellectually.
from the ongoing functions at the govern.
mental . industrial » military complexes
and a resistance to the continuing at-
tempts of those complexes to coopt the
individual. There must be a repudiation
of the Johnsonian myth that participa-
tlun and support of the system bring

SCARLET AND BLACK

Wall and Walker
Replace Slauss

Last week, President Leggett named
professor Joseph Wall (History) and
professor Waldo Walker (Biology) as the
successors to Dean Stauss as Dean of
the College and Provost, as of July 1 this
year, The Board of Trustees approved
the appointments at their Spring meet-
ing, March 15-18.

Mrl Wall, who as Chairman of the
Faculty has been working very closely
with Dean Stauss on academic matters,
will assume the duties (except for ad.
missions) now delegated to the Dean of
the College in the official by—laWs of the
college, He Will work with the divisional
and departmental chairmen on matters
uflecting the recruiting of new faculty,
pmmotions, tenure, and academia
changes. Mr. Wall will also be permanent
chairman of the Academic Standing Com-
mittee, and will have responsibility for
academic advising and the library,

Mr. Walker, currently Science Divi-
hion chairman and chairman of the
Committee on Admissions and Financial
Aid, Will take over the duties Dean
Stauss has performed under the cate-
gory Di “provost." Generally, this would
be financial and budgetary planning, in-
cluding allocating ior all divisions oi
the college, liason with the business oi~
tics on matters oiiecting faculty and
students, and oversight of the ﬁnancial
aid and placement office. In addition,
Professor Walker will be permanent
chairman of the Admissions committee.

M

about a corresponding participation in
the decision making process or the sys~
tern.

Pleas of removal from the "real
world” and irrelevant curriculum do not
provide absolution, for the failure of
Grlnnell is not one of either geography
or course content but rather of approach
to American society. This failure will
continue until those of us here reject
the corresponding failure of our environ-
mental context, move past the “liberal"
participation in that context or the “reds
icnl” blind attack of it, and seek instead
programmatic alternatives applicable to
our present and consistent with our be<
liefs.

 

in Spring

A Young Man’s Fancy

CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY

Tom Br Bette Gurbison

236-6221

 

’ it's
ELLA'S FLOWERS

For High Style, High Quality
LOW PRICED
GORSAGES 8t BOUTONNIERES

Avoid The Rush
CALL OR BRING lN YOUR ORDER TODAY

235-5775

823 Iroud

FREE DELIVERY

Copy “Seized"

April 4. mo

PTERODAGTYL Sues Turner

Two staff members of Pieroductyi,
the “underground” newspaper circu<
lated in Grinnell, have tiled an $11,000
damage suit against iowa Attorney Gen-
eral Richard Turner and four other law
eniorcement officials responsible for a
confiscation of the paper's copy and pho
tographs at it Wilton Junction printing
office on March 13.

In a suit filed before Judge Roy L.
Stephenson in us. District Court in Des
Moines Pterodactyi photographer Henry
Wilhelm and Grinnell junior Lawrence
Frank ask for an injunction ordering
the return of the allegedly obscene ma-
terial, and request that the Attorney
General's Office pay rterodactyl $1,000
actual damages and $10,000 punitive
damages.

Frank and Wilhelm contend that the
material was illegally seized by state
agents in violation of their rights of
free speech and freedom of the press.

Attorney Clark Holmes of the Iowa
Civil Liberties Union is representing
Pterodactyl in the case. Mrs. Louie
Noun of Des Moines, chairman of the
ICLU, was recently quoted as saying that
such a seizure of material without a
prior judicial ruling that it was obscene
“violates constitutionally guaranteed
rights of freedom of expresSlon and
amounts to a method of censorship."

In addition to Turner, the other de-
fendants in the suit are Asst, Atty, Gen-
eral Douglas Carlson; Robert Blair, di-
rector of the State Bureau of Criminal
Investigation, and Bureau Agents Daniel
Mayer and Terry C. Johnson.

The defendants made it motion tliai.
the suit be dismissed during a hearing
on March 25, claiming that they were
acting in their official capacities as state
law enforcement officials. Judge Steph-
enson ordered the defendants to tile
briefs by April 3, and delayed action on
an injunction,

At the hearing Turner testified that
the material picked up by state agents
at the 5-12 Publishing shop in Wilton
Junction was “voluntarily surrendered"
by the firm’s lawyer, John Stevens.
“Each issue oi the paper was getting
progressively worse and i ﬁgured the
next issue would be the beliringer of
them all," 'nirner testified, ”I initiated
this action after conferring with attorney
Stevens.”

“It wasn't a seizure, no question
about it," he continued. “The material
was delivered to us voluntarily by the
printer.”

“i decided to investigate to see if the
copy turned over to us was in fact oi»
scene. Because of prevtous issues, there
was reasonable cause to believe it would
be obscene.

“By obscene I mean liable to arouse
the p ru rle nt interest," Turner said,
“That’s my opinion and it may probably
very well be legally obscene too.”

T u rne r called Yterodactyl “mere
trashi" He told the Cﬂul‘t, “I don’t
think it had any news in it,"

“It wasn’t in any form to Inform peo-
ple. I don’t see how it could possibly
rise to the stature of a newspaper. I
haven't read it all. It‘s too disgusting.

"There was no intrinsic value in any
copies I’ve seen oi this — trash.”

Harold Eugene Saylor, president of
Trico Publishing and an owner of 5-)!
Publishing, testified that state agents
had talked to him before the material in
question was picked up on Mar. 13 to
find out when the next issue would be
published,

“I did not ever contact the Attorney
General: Office or the ROI and offer

ADDRESS HERII

material to them," Saylor said.

Wilhelm testified that he and Frank
took the material to the printing firm
to have it published on March 13. "I gave
the copy and photographs to Mr, Saylor
with the idea that they would be re.
turned to me, as they were in the past,"
he said.

According to Wilhelm, while he was
waiting for the paper to be printed a
man who identified himself at: BC! agent
Daniel Mayer approached him and told
Wilhelm that he had “seized" the copy
and photographs.

“He used the word ‘eeized',” Wilhelm
testified

Wilhelm also testified that the meter-
ial was given to state agents without
his knowledge or consent. He said he told
the printer's attorney that the material
had an implicit pro-publication copy:
right,

Wilhelm told the 5&3 that the mater:
lal confiscated was to be published in a
special 32<page issue of Ptemdactyl. He
said the material included photograph:
of the recent nude protest at Grinneli,
satirical articles directed at the AttDr<
ney General’s Office, articles on SGA, a
photo essay on a recent disturbance at
the University of Wisconsin, and a two
page article by Frank about his recent
visit to Cuba.

Turner’s actions have been severely
criticized in the editorial columns of the
Des Moines Register and several other.
Iowa papers.

m

15;; Martyrs

Commemorated

Today, April 4th, is the first anniver-
sary of the death of Dr. Martin Luther
King, Jr. concerned Black Students have
planned Black Martyr’s Weekend from
April 345 to honor Dr. King and others
who have died while trying to give life
to racial justice. in a statement con-
cerning this weekend, or, Leggett saidI
“The tragic significance or that day wil
be felt by all Americans for many years,
for the assassination symbolized the deep
alienation of Black and White in Amen
loan society. All at once, in triglttemng
fashion, everyone knew that racial in-
justice to this country was a hard and
violent fact that would not, to quote Dr.
King's own words, “work itself out."
There are several outstanding events
this weekend, Tonight at a pm. Dr.
Nathan Hare, ohairman of the Black
Student Party at San Francisco State
College, will speak in Herrick Chapel.
Tomorrow in south Lounge there will
be a panel discussion "In Defense or
Black People —- The Black Panther
Party” at 1:30 pm. The discussion will
be led by three members of the Des
Moiues Black Panther Party. Charlel
Smith, deputy minister of delens
Michael Harris, deputy chairman an
Ronald Drew, deputy minister of infor-
matlon, Dr. Charles H. Nichols, Visiting
professor of History and American Stun
dies at Grinneli, will lecture in the South
Lounge at 3:30 pm. on “Martin Luther
King, Jr. and the Present American
Mood" Members of Concerned Black
Students will give B performance of
African Dance in Gardner Lounge at
7:30, and directly afterwards the “Jaclﬂ
[on Five" will play for a dance there‘
Sunday's activities will begin with wit-
liam Strickland, a New York psycholm
gist and founder of the Northern Studen(
Movement, speaking in Herrick Chapel.

 

