THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER

0".““18 ’8 .IE'IEVDS

HSH'I'IOO 'I’IEINNIHD

 

Val. LXXVI

Grime“, Iowa, Friday,May 2, I969

No. 24

 

FLAG-FLIP MOPS, FLAP FOLLOWS

COLLEGE COMMUNITY
CONFERS 0N CRISIS

An estimated 200 persons, Including
lame 25 iaculty members and President
Glenn Leggett, attended a ireewheeling
meeting in the South Lounge last Thurs»
day (Apr. 24) to discuss the inverted
ﬂag incident earlier in the day.

At the meeting’s outset at ll) o'clock,
junior Tom Thomas read an explanatory
statement, which was printed tor the
protesters by President Leggett on Frl—
day.

Ted Glick then explained the day’s
events and threw the meeting open to
comments from the crowd, Various

I:

A referendum regarding ﬂying the
college flag at halt-mast has been
scheduled for Monday. (See story on
Page 5).

2::

opinions regarding the ﬂag inversion

were voiced, many of them in the form
of emotional outbursts.

“Flying the ilag upside-down is not
going to do a damn bit of good to save
the 30,000 men who have died in Viet<
ham," argued senior Pat Kennedy “1
think it was ridiculous!"

Robert D. Grey, instructor in political
science, gave an impassioned criticism
oi “acts that needlessly attend people,
just because they can be morally jus-
titled."

Swmging his arms in the air as he
spoke, Grey told the group, “I'm get-
ting awiully tired of being asked to
support any symbolic nct — whether
it's strippers or inverted ﬂags!”

Sophomore Jim Spell, who introduced
himself as a member at “the silent
majority,” defended the protestors and
concluded, “I‘m ashamed I haven’t done
anything against the war."

Senior James W. Wheat, In. whose
father is an Air Force oificel', rose to
condemn the protest and say that he
had called the police when he saw the
inverted nag

”That damn piece of Cloth you're talk-
ing about means more to me than any
damn one of you!” Wheat shouted. “I
called the police and I’ll call them
again tomorrow if the ﬂag is turned
upsidedownl"

“I called the police because I know
I have a bad temper and other people
have a bad temper," Wheat continued.
“If I hadn't called them there would
have been a damn big list fight,"

Wheat Said that when he first Called
the police station he was told to call
the deans. ”When I Called Dean (5.
Eugene) Thompson, he told me to call
the police,” Wheat said.

“You can go and demonstrate all you
want by carrying placards and march-
ing around, but keep your hands off the
flag because that’s my symboll" Wheat
exclaimed as he left the room.

“The autonomy, independence and
power of such institutions as Grinltell
is important in iighting the structure
of society,” Said Professor Alan R.
Jones (History). “You have to be very

DISCUSSION—
(Continued Page 2, Column 1)

 

Students Meet President

leggei‘t: "I Don't Approve "

Twenty students met with College
president Glenn Leggett late Thursday
afternoon (Apr. 24) to discuss with him

*an incident earlier in the day during
which the American ﬂag was ﬂown up-
side down by students and then removed
by Grinnell Police Chief Bill Peters.

The students who visited Leggett were
led by sophomore J. Theodore (Ted)
Glick, who, with another student, had in-
verted the tlag earlier as a protest to
the Vietnam War. Some of the students
sprawled barefoot on the carpeted floor
ot the president’s oiilce as they explain-
ed the incident to Leggett and asked for
his reaction.

“i guess 1 don’t approve at it,"
Leggett told the students “I thlnk
there are all sorts of ways to indicate
your teelings other than this. That’s
my moral judgment."

A student then asked Leggett it he
tell the Vietnam War is moral.

“I’m tired oi the Vietnam War,"
Leggett replied. “I wish we‘d get out
of it. If we don‘t get out of this war
soon the whole nation will be in

trouble. it already is in trouble,

“But that ilag represents not only
the Vietnam War,” Leggelt continued.
“I lost 35 or my classmates because
they defended that flag by righting a
country that killed 6 million Jews."
Earlier last Week Glick announced
that he would turn in his dralt Card to
College Chaplain Dennis W, Haas in
Herrick Chapel on May 1, a national
draft resistance day One of the stu-
dents asked Leggett to attend the rally
and speak in support of Glick's actions.

“I can't. do that because I'd be speak-
ing tor the whole college,” Leggett said.
“I'm an agent of the trustees, the iac—
ulty, the students, the alumni. and the
whole college community. I try to rep
resent them all."

Glick asked Leggett if he could take
a stand on the war by speaking at the
rally alter saying he was not represenb
ing the college.

“Isn't it possible {or me to personally
admire your Courage without agreeing

LEGGETT—
(Continued Page 3. Column 4)

COPS ON CAMPUS
COP COLLEGE COLORS

A major controversy erupted on cam<
pus last weekend when two students in-
verted the American flag on central
campus to protest the Vietnam War and
police came to Campus and removed the
flag.

The flag was turned upsiderdown and
ﬂown at halt-mast at around 2:45 Thurs-
day aiternoon (April 24L Sophomore J.
Theodore (Ted) Glick said that he in-
verted the flag with the help of sopho-
more Jeitrey er Gordon as a protest to
the Vietnam War,

The inverted ilag is an international
symbol or distress most irequently used
by ships in danger. Glick said in a state-
ment released Friday that ”the inversion
indicates the truly international distress
or a nation that blindly continues its
course in Vietnam and boasts Of all at-
ﬂuent society while millions suffer.”

Gordon, in a letter to the 5&3, Called

E

College Goes to Town

An estimated 250 students, resident
advisers, and faculty members took their
views on the flag incident and the Viet-
nam War to residents or Grinnell last
weekend.

Some of the members or the College
community approached Grillnellians on
downtown Streets, while others went door-
to-door to discuss the issues.

The eitort to communicate directly
with residents or the town was suggested
by college Chaplain Dennis Haas during
a discussion in South Lounge on Thurs-
day night.

Several students reported incidents or
harassment while they canvassed. Sopho-
more Lynda R. Lamberth Said that one
man in a business suit spit in her face
when she tried to talk with him.

Sophomore Henry C, Scheit said that
a pickup truck swerved and nearly in:
him, sophomore Mark Kass, and resident
advisers Dennis Donham and Tom Merle,
as they were crossing a street

Many students said they had diiilculty
communicating with town residents who
were attended by the ﬂag incident and
other recent protests on campus. Others
said that some Grinnellians were Willing
to talk with them,

::

his action “an impulsive reaction meant
with a more antagonistic rather than
constructive motives”

Shortly after the flag was inverted, A
crowd ot about so persons gathered
around the tlag pole. Several student:
and faculty members argued that GliClx'
should put the tlag bacli the way he
found it. Others defended his action.

Junior Roger Roe and sophomore Scott
Hanson appeared at the scene and tried
to turn the ﬂag right-side up. Senior Al-
bert Cloud prevented them from doing
so by grabbing the rope, a witness told
the SM}. A heated argument folIowed.
“We almost duked it out,” a supporter
of Click said.

hiter about twenty minutes Grinnell
Police Clllei Bill Peters appeared at tho

cors—

(Continued Page 3, Column 2)

 

 

SCARLET AND BLACK

“Jubilail'on T.’ Crossed

Prof Protects Protester! hole

GRINNELL POLICE CHIEF BILL PETERS stomped onto campus April 24
and removed an American ﬂag that had been inverted by anti-war protestors.

PETERS: “Don't
Tread On Me"

”Don’t tread on me,” Grllinell Police
Chief Bill Peters warned six Grinnell stu-
dents who went to talk to him last Fri<
day morning about the inverted ilag
Incident.

“When you turn that flag upside down,
you’re infringing upon my rights," Pet-
ers Said. “You may he in distress, but
that doesn‘t mean this country is. who
in the hell are you to say it should be
flown upside down?”

On Thursday Peters came on campus,
removed the inverted flag, and took it to
the police station. “when i went up there
:i wasn’t looking tor the guy who did it,"
Peters Said. “I couldn't care less who
did ii. I was interested in the flag,”

“You were looking at me at my
aggressive worst,” Peters told the stu-
dents. "I’m a human being; I’m no god.”

Peters said that he had “no complaints”
about student plans to go door-to-door in
Grinnell to talk about the war. “i
think personally this is a good way to
protest,” he said.

“You‘re looking at the king oi pro-
testers, here,” Peters said. “l just do
it diiterently — 1 write letters and go to
mnventiolis."

"l’m not going to come down and shoot
you in the head because the ﬂags up-
siderdowli," he explained. l‘I’m just say
lug don't turn the llag upsidedown, and
don't [read on me,"

rt:

} Discussion
(Continued from Page I)

carehil tacticaliy about weakening in-
stitutions or higher education.”

“an!” ejaculated Senior Al Cloudr “It
you think that Grinnell is an autono-
maus institution -— wow. I'm incredu-
ious!”

Cloud Continued: “if you think Grin»
hell is existing outside the military-
industrial complex and business and
blah, blah — it's a bunch oi garbage!"

At midnight President Leggett came
to the Forum to keep it open past clos-
ing time. He told the students that “by
turning the ﬂag upside down you may
be involving the whole community”

Leggett characterized typical symbol-
ic protest at Grinnell as nonviolent,
creative, and not involving innocent hy-
standers,

Before the discussion ended at 3
o’clock, seniors Dim Cheiietz and
Cloud launched into long tirades Ci'iti<
sizing various aspects oi Griniicll, In-
cluding phystcnl education require-
ments, senior comprehensives, iestric-
[ions on student use at buildings, B&G
wages, and the general attitudes of pro-
Iessors and students at the college.

;_._—_—_—:__—z

OUTSIDE AGITATOR
PACKS PISTOL

A man who was allegedly carrying a
gun showed up at the ilagpole last Ft‘i-
day atternoon and reportedly attempted
to provoke a disturbance.

Ted Glick said that the man, around
55, took off his glasses and tried to
taunt him into a fight because he had in»
verted the ﬂag on Thursday,

When Grinnell photographer Krystyna
Neuman snapped a photograph or him,
the man grabbed at her camera and
threatened that she had better not pub-
lish the picture, Witnesses said.

Senior Bruce Armstrong told the 5&3,
“I’m pretty sure he had a revolver and
I could smell whiskey on his breath.”
Armstrong said that the man let him {eel
a bulge under his shoulder (the gun
supposedly.) Armstrong quoted the man
as saying, "Nobody will get to the ﬂag—
at least the first six won’t.”

President Leggett said that he phoned
Chief Peters when junior Tom Thomas
called him and told him about the inci-
dent, and told Thomas to have students
stay away from the man.

Leggett heat Peters to the scene. He
said he introduced himself to the man
and asked him it he was carrying a gun.
Leggebt said that the man replied that
he was, but that he also had registration
papers ior it.

“I told him that wasn’t the point and
asked him to leave,” Leggett said. The
man then walked all, according to Log
gett.

Miss Neuman told the 5&3 that she
has talked with Peters and Poweshiek
County attorney Michael Enich about
the incident, and that she is Considering
pressing charges

about the flag iiicidehi at a meet
South Lounge last Thursday n:
Leggeit kept the Forum open until 3
A. . to allow the discussion to CD“-
tihue past closing time

By A STAFF WRITER

Following a brief series of antirwar
speeches last Friday afternoon, a pig
eon sitting atop the titty-loot ﬂagpole
on central campus would have seen
tour students and a single professor
crowding the narrow concrete base.

The base or the pole is three test in
diameter and projects two feet all the
ground. On it were Al cloud and Bon—
riie Tinker — two seniors who were
waiﬁng to invert the llag after fresh-
man Steve Mannhelmer and senior
Bruce Armstrong, standing next to
them, had straightened it up and ilown
it right. Also on base was Associate
Professor John M Crossett, Jr.. Clas-
sics. _

Cloud and Miss Tinker. however, never
did reverse the ting. They descended
{mm the base and joined the estimated
25!] onlookers. So did Armstrong and
Mannheimer.

But when the pigeon looked back
down he saw that John Crossett, alone,
had become the Jubilation T. Compune
of Grinnell,

The Classics professor stood his
narrow ground and took hold of the flags
halyards. He was to remain on the
base for over two hours, to be replaced
in his Vigil later by students Asked nu<
merous times it he was guarding the
ﬂag from those who would turn it up-
sidedown, Crossett would make no state-
mentat all.

Students changed guard in shirts over
the ﬂag until it was taken down at sum
set by 3&0 men. Saturday at 5:45
hm. Crossett returned to the flagpole,
presumably to check on the state of
the ilag.

l'le lound, he said, that the halyards had
been Cut during the night and the {as-
tenings removed so that the ﬂag could
not be raised. Crossctt repaired the
rope and again put the ilag rightrside<
up and at hail-mast

Max Jones, general Ioreman of the
physical plant, said Wednesday that
the ropes had been cut on two sepa-
rate occasions since Friday. He said it
costs $7.50 to repair the ropes each
time they are severed.

Tuesday morning early risers could
tee a red-white-andrblue brassiere flap-
ping in the breeze. It was taken down,
as a navy blue sweatshirt had been
the preVioiis Thursday. In tiie ailer-
noon, Crossett sat on the base talking
with students.

1

Crossett, who by this time had become
a campus landmark, would make no
statement concerning the flag incident
itself, but he would talk about. other
things,

He told the 5&3 he had served for a
short time with the US, Cavalry dur-
ing the second world war; he was at
Fort Riley, Kant

“When I received my honorable dis-
charge,” he mused, “the Army told me
not to come back even it we were in-
vaded.”

In 1945 Crossett served as the editor-
lnchief of the Columbia University
newspaper, The Spectator He was also
co-edltor of the Columbia Jester Re-

a

I

JOHN Mr CROSSE'IT, JR.

View with Allan Ginsberg until, Cros-
sett said he ousted the beat poet “be
cause he never did a damn thing and
1 was tired of keeping his name on the
masthead.”

Wednesday morning, according to
foreman Jones, BXLG tried tying the
ropes about ten ieet up on the ﬂagpole
in hopes that no one would be able to
alter, maim, reverse, or turtliei- change
the ﬂag. This would also, Jones said,
prevent other things from ilying _.
possibly pigeons and brassicres.

The result: an lialian national ﬂag
raised by Ron Stantord flew over the
Grinncll campus Wednesday night.
BULLETIN! Someone greased the flag
pole Thursday!

 

Glitk Comments

By TED GLICK

If one wishes to understand Why i in-
verted the American flag and flew it
upside down — an international Sign of
distress 7 I would suggest he follow
these steps:

(1)Lie down an the green grass in
the center of the campus with a group
or iriends on a beautitul spring day.

(2) Imagine iragnieiitation bombs and
napalm raining down on the people
walking around the campus from a
seemingly invisible source — perhaps
irom experience you would know that
the source is an American plane ilying
30,000 (set above you.

(3) Think oi your iriends lying dead,
mutilated, or covered with napalm,
screaming in painiul and ten-trying
agony — then ask why this could ever
be justiﬁed, especially at the hands
ol' a “Civil nil" nzitiolir

(4) And if this is lint enough, think of
the many other institutionalized agonics
heaped upon millions oi people around
the world by this ”civilized" nation in

on Flog Action

the name oi democracy, justice, and
rreedom.

If you follow these steps you may
come to realize the emotional torment
r wils undergoing at the time or my ac-

tion, an emotional torment brought
about by the intellectual and rational
Search tor the truth about this cmintn'
I have been engaged in for nearly two
years. i took this action only after real-
izing the true distress this naﬁon is in
when it tor-gets the principles upon
which it was founded and for which
the iiag should stand.

I hope that those who were, under.
standably, turned on by my action have
begun to come to some realization ot
the reasons for the action I cannot
argue the wisdom of an end to the War
in this article, but I can ask that those
who ieel some anger inward i-ne ior my
action will altempt l0 loolt more closely
into the conditions in this country which
made such an action, 1 reel, necessary.
ii only that comes out or the “ﬂagpole
incident,” I Will be satisfied and
gl’ﬂtiiied.

 

Friday, May 2. "6'

By KEN HICKS

As it mmed out, last Friday’s com-
munication crusade wasn’t even thera-

eutic for its participants, which is too

ad, because it there is anything Grin-
Vieli needs it’s a thorough cleansing and
flushing out of the cerebral portions of
its student body,

The petition to invert the tlag had been
circulated. That was groovy. You speak
but in any way you call, right? Then the
flag flying majestically upsidedown, and
that was groovy too. Somebody hadn't
had anything to do on a nice afternoon,
ﬁnd he'd turned it over. Fine. And then
watching the tratjock boys come to
raise the thing right by God and all else
what is dear. Confrontation! Just like TVl
Gooi. And to top it all off, oops on cam-
pus. Boopigsgobomdtheilapbelongsmthe
people. Out; of sight! it real happeningl

The only problem was, you see, that
Qven for the people who stood around
the pole lor so minutes yelling at each

ther, it was a game. it it hadn’t been
‘ust another little intellectual exercise,

e wouldn't have just stood there talk-
iiig. We would have moved like Chief
Peters, or moved like the jerk With the
gun, or moved like the people i met
downtown, or moved somehow. I’m try-
ing to say nobody tllere took the thing
seriously, even if we thought we did, For
us, it was just a mental workout.

We should have taken a him from Chief
Petals. Mall, that guy was mad. But no,
we just chalked it up to his being a cop,
and we said, “Gee, won‘t you talk to uS
about our symbolic intent," and we got
mad when he didn't give a damn what
our symmlic intent was. That should
have told us something about the mood of
the town, right? Sure.

To be honest, I talked to two people
at the Home Show. This is two out of
perhaps forty attempts, With them, i
tried to eiipl in what the students who'd
committed t s sacrilege were trying to
say by 't nd wasn't this attempt at
oommurllcattun great? And they said
yes, that's line, but don’t screw around
with the (lag, because then you just turn
everybody off. Which was the case of
course.

But th were only the two people who
would talk to me. There was also the
lady who delended herself against me by
ﬂailing her arms in my direction, and
hissed, ”Keep away from me, you just
keep away from mei” And another lady,
with the file in her eyes I saw all after-
noon: “I hope you students don’t think
you can whitewash the Grinnell people—
I hope you like the Russians!”

It doesn't make much sense, does it?
They’re not being very rational, are
they? No, But in another way, a less
cerebral way, it makes perfect sense,
and the violence of their reactions was to
be expected. The interesting thing is

KEN HICKS was one or many students
who talked to townspeople last Friday.

SCARLET AND IL'ACK

iHicks: “Nobody Took It Seriously"

that we, with all our intellectual proWr
ess, couldn’t predict it. Why not?

Just like the Playboy incident, even
more so, we found it impossible to real-
istically judge the effects our actions
would have on the real people in the
real world outside. To us, a body can be
simply. objectively, beautilul. a dag
can be simply, objectively, a piece or
cloth. Our celebrated liberal arts exper-
ience has not taught us that to real
people these things are tied up in the
shame of the daughter who had to get
married and the grief over the son killed
in Korea.

To strip, to invert a ﬂag; i.e., to at-
tack these things which are Such a basin
part of the personal identity at so many
people, is to create animosilies which
cannot be salved by an aftemoon‘s leal—
let campaign. These people lelt threat-
ened in every little corner of their being.
and it's amazing that we couldn’t see this
would happen, amazing that we thought
we could actually talk to these people,

I thought Grinneii was supposed to
prepare us for the outside world, not im<
munize us to it. The only people we could
talk to were those we didn't need to
talk to, and the ones we should have
talked to were the ones we couldn't talk
to. That might be something to think
about, next time we turn over a flag.

Z:

} Cops
(Continued from Page 1)

scene, accompanied by Pdwesiliek Coun-
ty Sheriff Wayne Callison and another
uniiormed officer of the Grinnell Police
Department. None of the officers was
wearing a gun.

Peters strode through the crowd, low-
ered the ting, crumpled it under his aim,
and carried it away over the loud pm-
tests of Click and other students.

One student shouted: “You can’t take
that flag! It’s the American flag, and
we’re Americans, too "

“Are you? I doubt it!" Peters respond—
ed sharply. “Maybe someday when you
grow up you'll want a flag like this.
Folks are getting out of here all the
time, and I wish to hell you'd all leave,”
he shouted.

As Peters walked away with the flag,
several students asked him to discuss
the meaning of the symbolic protest
with them. “Baldney! Don’t talk to me!"
Peters told them.

Peters told the 5&1} that he made no
arrests because he ”didn't knew Who
did it." He added, “I’m going to take
the flag down to the station, fold it up.
and treat it the way it should be treated."

Shortly after Peters left the campus.
an unidentified student raised another
American flag upside-down, halfway up
the ilagpole, The second flag was lowered
and folded up after several minutes by
Mlss Mary Kay Taylor, an instructor
in biology.

About ten minutes later 30 students
walked to the police station to retrieve
the llag at the suggestion of freshman
Phil Sasich.

The students explained to Peters that
the ﬂag was inverted as a symbol or
distress over the Vietnam War.

“There is distress up there (at the
College), but not the same way you and
I are thinking,” Peters told them. ”Don't
take this ﬂag out and defile it."

Peters said that Section 32 of the
lowa Code prohibits llying the ﬂag up-
side down, except in cases ol distress.
He returned the flag to the students
when they agreed to raise the ilag right-
side up. The students told Peters that
they could not be responsible if tlle flag
was inverted again by other students
once it was raised.

The students then walked to President
Leggett’s office in Burling Library to

discuss the flag incident with him.

Page Thru

med the college cdmmunity at Friday

ailemoon’s anti-war rally. At right1 Professor Ray Horton watched the pro.

ceedings.

 

Sieinhorn: “We Got What We Deserved"

By RON STEINHORN

"It’d be a good thing for this town if
the college would just get. the hell outl”
This type of reaction and others even
more blunt greeted some of us who went
out into the somewhat hostile world of
Grinllell on Friday to talk about the up-
side-down American flag and the war —
ill that order usually.

It's an amazing thing to see what that
ilag evokes in some people; the closest
analogy might be waving a red flag in
front or an enraged buiiiyou can’t rea-
son with either of them. Even “rational
discourse" doesn’t work. But, anyway,
we went to talk about the war, and it was
very hard to talk about because people
were much more interested in talking
about what a dastardly thing it was to
put a flag (THE flag) upside-down in
such a disrespectful fashion.

One man said he had fought for the
flag in WW II and had seen many of his
buddies killed for it, one woman had had
three sons in the service who had fought
for the flag, one's son had been killed
in the Army in Korea lor the ring, still
altotller’s boy was even now in the Army
in Vietnam lighting for the flag. Al-
ways fighting and dying and being in-
jured, and always lor the flag. Never tor
the always unfulfilled promise which that
nag supposedly symbolizes.

So people would latch on to the llag
issue and demand that Ted Glick get
hung up himself, be kicked out of school,
or sent to jail # or all three prelerably.
Then, having succeeded in talking about
the war and still having someone to talk
to — three people walked out on me —
another entire set of reactions could be
seen.

The general tone was that the United
States has to be in Vietnam because Rus»
sia and China are all set to attack us
and by bombing Vietnam to pieces we're
showing what Russia and China can eX<
pect if they try to mess over us. One
man even spoke of an anti-v.5. alliance
between France, Germany, and ltaly
which is all set to move as soon as we
appear vulnerable.

Another reaction was that Nixon was a
good, smart man who understood things
so Well [ha/t if he felt we should continue
to fight, well then ._. we should fight.
Stock responses or having to tight com-
munism again in another place it we
didn't here, and the domino theory were
so numerous they are not even worth
mentioning.

And so it went all afternoon. I walked
around the downtown streets for about
one and a half hours and then stood
in front of the Home Show for awhile.
It was obviously a real trial to be con—
rrdnted with us like that, representing
those who had defiled their Symbol,
questioning their belicls, ultimately iorc<
ing them on the defensive; and those of
us who expected that it might be better,
easier, aiid more rewarding got when
we deserved.

Just one example typilied the whole
thing for me. When i finally got sick 0!
the inistradcn of talking on the streets.
sick at viewing what I thought might be
an enjoyable change, i decided to go
over to the Rock Island depot and talk
With the guys there since I know the
men who run the station. When i walked
in, there were two operators who I
know pretty well and two sectionmen I
didn't know. The fil'st thing out of one
of the operators to me was, “Were you
one of them that turned the flag around
yesterday?” And train that moment I
was placed on the defensive along with
my values, having to justify why I
thought the war more important than the
flag; how could anyone ever tillilk that,
why that was anarchy?!

i never really did get to talk about the
war, And that's how things went for me
on Friday. It was discouraging at the
time, but in retrospect, it was much as
could have been expected. I didn’t hear
or anyone being beaten up, that old
man who came on campus didn't shoot
anybody, and I was invited back to the
train station to play chess and talk any-
time I felt like it.

z:

} Leggeii

(Continued from Page 1)

with what you're doing?" Leggett re—
plied. ”I don’t Want to do it, it’s as
simple as that."

“Okay, that’s why the war con-
tinues,” Glick commented. He then
told the president: “1 sort of pity you
that you can’t stand up for what you
think is right because you feel so
bound to the institution. You aren‘t
free."

“I pity myself sometimes," Leg<
gett responded. “i agree I‘m not free,
but. that's the job. You don’t respect
that; do you?"

“No, I don‘t," answered Glick.

The students complained to Leggett
that Chief Peters had no right to com
on campus and take the flag.

“What I have with Chief Peters is a
gentleman's understanding," Leggett
said. “He calls me when he's coming
on campus and I call him and ask him
to Come when I think it's necessary."

Leggett said, however, that Peters
hadn’t called him about the flag inci<
dent until atter he had come on campus
and taken the llag in response to a com-
plaint phoned to the police station by a
student.

Asked about the “gentleman's under~
standing" on Friday, Peters said, “I
don’t have that. agreement with him '
He added, however, “i guess I'd call
the president before I hit anywhere on
campus."

Leggctt also told the students: “This
place Isn’t. a sanctuary. ii an individual
Calls the police and tells them some-
thing illegal is happening, there's noLlls
ing I can do.”

 

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

 

talk of the town

by iredncka nelson

some impressions (mm the last two
weeks including “more and better t?)
politics ~ a iollow up, grinnell style,
to ierry rubin,” and some "reflections
on pets, amerlca and life in general."

for lack or literary imagination re-
sulting trom overexertion on compre-
hensives, l have outlined my work ior
today in the grand style oi college hul-
letins. many other subjects could be de
scribed in this manner. a few are “the
care and leading ot baby cats, from
birth to the development of limitis,"
“the problems of rediscovering tlle
pastoral climate and style — economic
and social complications," and “the
development oi acute senioritis — per-
spectives on time-space disillusio .
merit." these describe various condb
tions of the inhabitants of 8271/2 broad
street at this point in time.

on politics:

events of the week past have pointed
out that there is a unique treasonable—
ness about most grinnell students. i am
reierring to our recent “demonstra-
tion” in the context of what has gone
betore, and will most likely continue to
be a strong tradition in political action.
grinnell students have not resorted to
violence yet. and i think their sense at
priorities will rule out this kind of ac»
tion. it this is the case, thanks are in
order from the administration and other
established iigures or our community.

1969 — a year of radical demands
and means has not yet capitulatcd
grinnell — we have not bombed, burn-
ed or otherwise molested any idols ot
capitalism, neither have we engaged in
any violent conirontation with our iig<
ureheads ior power, i‘rcedom, or “revo-
iution for the hell of it,"

whether we are to be condemned or
patted on the back is not important to
me. i think my tellow students might
agree that those moves are up to our
“opposition” or, to put it mildly and
metaphorically, “to you, mr. j
as bob dylan says. we aren’t much oi a
threat in any case, though it has been
stated that we are the harvard of the
midwest, we haven't behaved in a like
manner. also, we are not like those uni-
versities with their super-bigness and
complexity. our decisions and actions
may lay claim to more time out ior
pondering (which seems desirable) or
they may serve as an indication that we
are actually rather like vegetables in an
age or steel, concrete and plastic punch
cards. pick whichever you will, only
realize how odd are our local politics.

let me remind you that change is one
inevitable consequence of life, and revo-
lution is a descriptive term for that
.very same eiiect. this college will hava
In change and it had better get on with it
test. there are numerous proposals ﬂoat.
ing around which need the support of tho
most local politicians among you, which
means: each of you out there.

student initiated courses

nongraded courses in all department!

The Scarlet 81 Black

Student Newrpaper oi
Grinnell College,

Grinnell, Iowa

An independent news-
Mwﬂttum paper published weekly.
"ehcxcept during holidays

and examination periods,

g = by the Grinch c
3% g iniiine on Student no i
a)” ciiions Subscrlprio
mowrhsrdw rate soon per

year

. MICHAEL omunon
. SusAN KAnsER
business Manager onuce STROM
Stair snriin Andrews, bavld sine.
Yhmogrnphen Dirty Funk.
Blll Raiteny, cnns viiiighn
xiiihy Bull Nell rlscher,
k, ken nicks, l<lt Leder-
Molly McGuire, Alice nogon,
Tom Thom-s, nlch Wickslmm.

school

Edﬂot
Associate Editor

boomers .
redo

ior iour years

equal student-faculty representation

on all committees

increased living options

revision oi the saga contract —— to

fight. indigestion where it starts

. r to mention just a iew.

students are not shirkers oi respon-
sibility, for witness the numbers of
them who have taken under tllelr wing
various small domestic animals. this
type oi beastie depends on us and we
measure up to their needs the mundane
etiort ot caring ior thcm holds good re-
wards like affection and loyalty. allow
the pets to stay, and watch the people get
more lovable and loving right along with
their puppies or kittens.

if you don‘t like animals, search out
others of your kind and have a “hue
man's only” dormitory.

on america:

locked in a t.vr tower, balding, with a
dashing prince standing in a iield or now-
ers at the ground iloor entrance, but
unable to get in the door, tor the way is
blocked by a derth oi junky products and
principles in concrete tom 7 bundles
and bundles and bundles or junk, keeping
you imm your salvation.

Where The Truth Hurts
By TOM THOMAS

How much does it really matter which
way the ilag illes?

is anybody going to do anything about
oomps?

is there any signiﬁcance in the loot
that halt the iaculty seems to be going
through an identity crisi

What exactly is John Crossett trying
to prove?

Are all my iriends really leaving?

what did the poverty conference ac-
complish?

Why is everybody unhappy?

Will Dari Cheiietz ever had true happi-
Bess?

Does smoking dope really change any-
body’s outlook on life?

Where are you. Jesus Christ, now that
we really need you?

Do student advisers do anything?

How many people here are sexually
hung up?

What's going to happen to Ted Slick?

Why wasn't Bernadine Dohrn (SDS)
more human?

Why was Jerry Rubin so human?

How many people realize that one
day’s work, even by a whole 250 people,
isn’t gomg to end the war?

Do the people of Iowa really under—
ltand Richard 'nn’ner?

ls Grinneli going to be any ditierent
next (all?

How much of an eiiect will one term
paper have on my lite?

is Henry Wilhelm some sort of a plot?‘

Can 1 really LOVE someone?

Who’s going to save the world — I
or them?

Am I on us or u them?

How many people trom here will i
remember utter l graduate?

why doesn’t it at least Seem like
Ipring?

Am I going to have to sign any more
petitions?

what’s going to be the next petition
that l’ll sign?

A lot or people are trying to win on the
issues — is anybody trying to solve
them?

Does student government exist in the
context of reality?

What is the real world going to do to
me?

Will anybody read this column this
far?

what will be on the flagpole tomorrow
morning?

Why does the truth have to hurt so

t he sun shine in!

LETTERS

Notes On Abortions

To the Editor:

1 would like to add a personal loot-
note in Molly Malcolm’s excellent artie
cle on abortion which appeared in last
week's 58:13. Some years ago while I
was a student nurse in a large teaching
hospital and later, working as a surgical
nurse, 1 saw a large number of young
women briitalized by abortionists; on
one occasion 1 attended a girl who died
trom massive hemorrhage betore we
could wheel her to the operating room ~
devastating prices to pay for a surgical
procedure which, when peiiormed by a
competent physician in sterile surround-
ings, carries virtually no lite or health
hazard. This nation’s attitude toward i1-
legitimacy, plus its deplorable lack or
consistent social consolellce, has led us
to foster thousands of abortionlsts who
operate outstde the law, who, for the
most part, are without training and who,
in a real sense, despite surtace kindness,
are cashing in on human suilering. But
we must be careiul when we blame only
the law, The medical protession is also
to blame tor its too willingness to escape
such ”delicate decisions” by turning
them over to lawmakers. And most to
blame is our persistent attitude of basic
unconcern for social welfare.

Miss Malcolm inteerewed only un-
married women in their late teens or
early twenties This is not typical oi
the average woman seeking abortion. She
is in her late twenties or early thirties,
is married, and has three or more chil-
dren. It is estimated that two thirds oi
women seeking abortion tall roughly into
this category l-ler distress is more likely
economic; another child would be hard
to feed, hard to clothe. Her marriage is
more than likely unsound and her own
emotional state approaches hysteria.
This woman and the unmarried woman
who fears the shame of pregnancy, dis-
covery and interruption of college or or
a job, as well as the woman who tears
that she is carrying a deiormed child or
the victim of rape or incest — all of the
women who are actively seeking abortion
7 have strong personal reasons ior do-
ing so and are convinced that these rea-
sons alc justified.

What concerns me is simply how much
chance any woman now has, two or
three months into a decidely unwanted
pregnancy, of making what we would all
consider a Wellrreasoned decision, and of
escaping what could quite conceivably
be serious psychological consequences
later on — often much, much later on.

Today no reasoned decision is possible
because there are no alternatives. Bear-
ing an illegitimate child in shame and
secrecy or meeting up with an abortion-
ist in a country motel are simply not al-
ternatives. The problem then is how we
can provide alternatives that take into
consideration the problems, the lite sit»
nation it you will, ot the woman seeking
abortion and still not adapt a callous at-
titude toward any human liie. it is
enough to say “this child would have
been better off not born," but for every
child with a tragic, unwanted childhood
who has grown up emotionally desolate
there has been another child with a tra-
glc, unwanted childhood who's human
spirit has been adequately realized, 1,
for one, Could not make such a decision
lightly,

it goes without saying that our pre-
sent abortion laws are totally without re-
gard tor the individual rights and dig
nity or anyone. They protect neither the
child nor the mother; they actively en-
courage experiences such as Miss Mal-
colm reported and tar more serious ones.
But I believe that it would be totally ir-
responsible to simply repeal such law:
without attendant social legislation that
would provide ior excellent counseling
tor women seeking abortion, that would
trovide for iar more help ior women who

Friday. May 2. not

choose to carry their children to term,
that would give greater aid to adoption
agencies, foster homes, etc And this in
to say nothing about the needs tor pover.
ty programs that would help iamilieo
not be destroyed by another child, more
mental health centers ottering marriage
counseling and child guidance clinics.
and agencies that would take the mater.
ials ot birth control out of the hands 0!
the drug companies and put them into
the hands oi the people.

i am certainly not against abortiona
There are many, many instances in
which it is the only possible solution 4
the physical or emotional danger to the
woman outweighs the rights at the un-
born child. But i should like to know
that the woman has had every chance to
seek out alternatives and to make a mar
ture decision. And I believe it is a great
wrong when the decision to abort must
be made because society, in its attitudes
and its practice, has tailed again.

Rosemary Ingham
1126 Broad St.
Grimell, Iowa

Gordon Explains Flag Action

To the Editorl

I feel compelled to correct the mis<
conception that i had no part whatsoev-
er in the ilag inversion episode and
that the act was one of a single student.
l originally wished to abstain trom my
comment upon my act, feeling that it
was entirely selﬂexplanatory. However.
so many statements have been issued in
deiense oi the act and as an interpreta.
tion of it, i teel 1 must make my reason:
ior inverting the ilag much clearer.

I would love to say here, as other:
have tried to assert, that the act was
done out of concern for my country.
Being honest, it would be more correct
to say that my act was an impulsive re<
action, meant with a more antagonisliu
rather than constructive motive Never
did I expect the reaction that followed
Hany oi it—the crowds, Chlet Peters,
Crossett, Wheat, the armed drunk
scoutn-laster, the rationalizations. Noth-
ing has brought out more or the worst
in Grinnell in my two years here, and 1
am glad my impulses have enlightened
many of that factr We in Grinnell at best
can only be impulsive and antagonistic.
My deed was no more or no less noble,
courageous. or lmportant than the burn-
ing or a draft card or the spilling or
blood on draft tiles. The real significance
of my act lies in the sick Symbol it
really did not need to deiile. The flag
stands for blood, the white race, and
our future—Red, White and Blue.

I welcome all others to iollow niy
tootsteps. Experience your first inversion
ebut don’t apologize and don’t expect
applause. Realize what you’re not doing.
Rash and impulsive deeds such as
mine have a place in the triteness oi
Grinnell life as a vent ior our frustra-
tions and nothing more. I ask that my
act not be forgiven or condemned, but
be iorgotten —- lett to the annals oi
Grinnell triVi .
Jettrey 1;. Gordon

Get the Ft: cts

To lhe Editor:

I am writing in response to last week's
editorial ”Hillbilly is Overthrowii By
Queen oi ihe Mountain." You seemed to
have conillsed rumor with fact. There
have never been plans tor ten men to
live in German House, as you stated in
your editorial. Next year there will be
six men llvmg oit campus in a German
House. Perhaps it Would be well ior you
to be sure oi iniormation beiore you
print it in your paper.

Those of us who are interested in liv-
ing in German House believe that it is a
start in “locking the boat” ior coed-
ucational and oft-campus living situa-
tions.

Mary Homerin

 

Friday. May 1. I969

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

Protests Questioned

To the Edilnrl

“There is no correlation between in
telligence and judgment. A man can be
awfully smart, and be a screwball oi the
first order." That astonishing statement
is round in a book by Vance Packard,
“The Pyramid Climbers." It really isn’t
so astonishing to tile older generation,
those who have often noted the antics of
“educated tools,” as a homespun phllu-
sopher inelegantly pllts it.

The purpose or this letter is hard to
explain. We oldsters yearn over the ideal.
lstic. impractical young; but ieel helpless
to keep them irom damaging themselves
and our beloved alma mater, in their ill»
considered eiiorts to right someundoubt-
ad wrong. Perhaps it they could be made
to ieel less cocksure oeiore taking heed-
less action, some good could result.

“Meaning well" is no excuse for harm«
ful action. Otherwise what good is Intel-
ligence, of which the fortunate Grinnell
student has an abundance?

Elsie H. Hansen ‘l9
Grimell, Ia.

Comps Need Action

To the Editor:

Whatever happened to the comps pro~
pnsal? Now that comps are over, one
may very well ask thar question. But
just because comps are over, does that
mean that the issue ls dead. There are
many pertinent questions yet to be
asked. What is the purpose oi a compre-
hensive? Are they relevant to a liberal
arts education? Do they add to a stu-
dent's knowledge or help him evaluate
his work?

The original proposal for a change in
the structure of senior comprehensives
Is now on the agenda or the executive
cuuncil of the faculty. But the executive
council is very busy and the iervor over
Comps has died down. There are two
weeks of classes leit and the executive
council has never been known to make
a hasty decision. Are we willing to let
the issue die on the table?

There are many avenues oi approach
ior bringing the issue back to liie. Bonnie
Tinker has chosen one way or demon-
strating the irrelevancy oi comprehen-
rives. But she is one person and issues
are not settled by the actions of one per-
son, The major part oi the work remains
to be accomplished.

The present comp proposal was drafted
in the aitennath oi the first comprehen»
sive period. Action now needs to be tak-
en next fall to afford time (or careful
evaluation and clear thinking. The initia-
tive must come {mm the students. Are
students willing to take the initiative?

Lilith Morton

NEED SOMETHING? WE’RE BOUND
To HAVE iTl Senior rummage, junk,
clothes-out and bargain sale. Saturday,
May 3, 1.5 pm. 932 Park, basement to
3rd floor packed with stuff. Pannwitt,
'rhomas, Hallock; King, Shaul, Tripletl,
Elliott, Swee, Stump and pray.

Step Up To

JD‘S RESTAURANT

922% Main
Mon. - sat. 5 in lo phi.

Haas Helps Resist

College Chaplain Dennis W. Haas
subjected himsell to possible pros-
ecution Thursday night by aiding
in the drait card turn»in of sopho-
more .7. Theodore (Ted) Glick, who
could now be reclassified for in-
duction, jailed or iined.

Some 200 persons attended a
dralt resistance rally in Herrick
Chapel at which Gllck gave his
dl‘ai’t card to Haas, who will mall
it to Gliok’s drair board. Gllck’s
drait card was passed through a
crowd or about 100 persons belure
it reached Haas.

“I must raise my voice against
immorality and, more than that,
I must put my physical liberty
against (America’s) Sick pnllCles
as an indication or how misguided
I believe our society has become,”
Glicn declared, reading irom a let-
ter to his dralt board.

Explaining his cooperation with
Glick, Haas announced to the au-
dlence; “I’m nilly aware that this
is illegal. For me it is a question
or immorality or Illegality. i choose
illegality.”

More than 150 Grinnell students
signed statements or complicity
with draft resistel‘s last week,
Glick told the 5&3. He also said
that two other students turned their
cards over to Haas Thursday, and
that a third student burned his
dralt card arter the rally.

 

IRREGULAR ACTS
BY SENATE

By TOM THOMAS

Questions of Irregular procedure and
conflict of interest have been raised over
action taken by the Senate Monday night
Following last week's complaints about
the interviewing process for finance com-
mittee chairman, the Senate met to in-
terview all applicants for the position.
The applicants were Andrew Brill, Mich-
ael saeger, and David Cavender.

During the interviews the meeting
was closed to students and the press.
This reporter objected to the closed
meeting, citing the SGA Constitution that
all Senate meetings are to be open to all
students. Chairman Jim Lew responded
that the Senate was meeting as a commit-
tee of the whole plus the student coordi-
nator. Lew, however, agreed that the ac-
tual vote of approval [or the new chair-
man must come at a regular meeting at
the Senate which would be open. Lew also
stated that this vote would take place
at the regular Senate meeting on Wed-
nesday.

According to Senate members, the Sen-
ate then met in closed session until about
11:45. At that time the meeting was pro
claimed open and all those present (i .,
the library maid) were allowed in. The
Senate then voted 7»6 to approve the
nomination oi Andy Brill made by the
SGA President. Although there are nor-
mally only twelve Senate votes unless tho
chairman is voting. it was conﬁrmed that

Page Fin

Senate:

Hag Referendum Set

A referendum will be held next Mon-
day, May 5th, on a Senate resolution that
the college American flag be flown at
half mast {or the duration of the war in
Vietnam-no The resolution passed Wednes-
day night cites both Governor Robert
Ray's proposal that the lowa Capital's
flag be ilown at hair mast in mourning
the deaths of Iowa servicemen and the
right of individuals and institutions to
use the nag to express mourning at their
own discretion.

in other action, the Senate moved that
students who have failed or not com-
pleted comprehensive examinations be
allowed to graduate The matter will be
taken to the Committee on Academic
Standing.

The Senate also created a Committee
on Academic innovation and Experimen-
tation, denied the student coordinator
a vole until review can be undertaken by
a Constitutional Committee, and created
an Ad Hoc Committee to End the War
in Vietnam. Closing out the meeting, 530
was allocated to a collegerhigh school
dance and it was announced that room
draws will he held May 7-10,

£1
the thirteenth vote was cast by student
coordinator Frank Thomas, a non-voting
member of the Senate. Brill was also
allowed to vote on his own nomination.

which was approved by secret ballot at
about midnight.

STORAGE SPECIAL

We at Meeker Laundry and cleaneri w
household items you don‘t want to tat. home in the Spring an

ant to help you with the storing at your winter clothing .nd
.4 lug back in the tall.

The cost at xloring the... darn. will be 2 per cent of your declared valuation. plus ilia cost or clean-

ing .nd pressing; or store only costs are 57. of declare

d value — minimum charge two dollars per order.

This year we want in make it as convenient as possible tor you. so we have made arrangements with
City Cab co. phone 236-4388. to pick up your clothing or the curb nearesi your dormil’cry at NO COST

TO YOU.

lNSTRUCTIONS: Pick up a «wage ha
agency can arrange to have a storage bag delivered io you.

bsioie calling the City Cab ca. phone 235-4888.

We will check your list and mail to your home

g at Meekers. office at |0|‘7'/2 Broad Street or your college compul
Have your list filled out and garments in bag

a receipt for its items stored. All garment: will is.

cleaned and stains removed. then in the tall your garments will be trsshly pressed and ready io wear. Excep-

lion — store only is not cleaned or pressed. w. will relurn the

or she will receive full :ommissinn.

in to your college campus Agency and h.

Here are the added convenience: and proteciionx you will receive it you store your garments will.

Meeker's.

l. Day or night taxi service. — 236-4888.
1. Insured against math and mildew damage, in. or their.

3. Available handy train and valuation lists.
We will return the order to your college campur Agent. He or she will receive iull commission.

5. Eighty-one years oi continuoul laundry and cleaning experience.

o. Freshly pressed and ready to wear in the lull, lExcept store onlyl.

7. You may also no. downtown to Meeker'n with your clothes at NO cosr TO YOU.

PbiEEKER LAUNDRY/DRY CLEANING

SERVING THlS COMMUNITY FOR OVER SEVENTY FIVE YEARS

Grinnell's Drive-III Laundry

WIT/1 BROAD STREET 0 GRINNELL. IOWA

FABRIC CARE

Ii Cleaners 0 Commercial Servlcc
Industrial Linen lit-rival Servlco

sunny _ it... t. io an. SPECIALISTS

 

P.9- Slit

SCARLET AND BLACK

.Whatever Happened to Student Art?

By RICH WICKSTROM

The Annual Student Art Show
on exhibit at Scheaffer Gallery
until May 4 is the poorest dis<

lay of student work i have
een at Grinnell in the last four
‘years. The jewelry and ceram<
cs possess a high degree cl
oraltsmanship and a strong
sense of design The prints or
film Evensnn are beautilully
decorative. The paintings and
watercolors. however, on the
Whole are quite unimpressive,
phowilig a lack of draitsman-
thip and color sense.

The show was judged by

Professor .1 a me 5 McGarrell,
chairman of painting at In-
diana University, Bloomington.
Among other distinctions, ho
was one of the painters selected
to represent the United States
at last year's Venice Biennale.
The following are his selec-
tions; The Inez Henely Memo-
rial Prizes in Painting — Meryl
Toan— $50, Kimberly Evans—
530, Cindy Bowers ~ 520; The
Henry York Steiner Memorial
Prizes for Creative Art — Linda
Reich for jewelry — $30, Becky
Scholl lol- ceramics and sculp-
ture —- $30, Thur Evensotl for

 

KRAMER’S JEWELRY

Corner 4th & Broad

prints —- $20, Vicky Moon for
wash drawing — $20; Honomblo
Mention —— Carol VanderWDl
101‘ collage, Fredricka Nelson
for painting, Ronald Al for
sculpture, Susan Richardson for
drawing, Juli Lamson for draw-
ing, and Jeanne Burkla for
painting.

That’s all I choose to say
about the works in the exhihie
tion. I have been inundated
with calls from angry students
asking about the lack bl works
displayed from outside the m1.
department. As is stated in the
bulletin announcing the student

art show: “Only the work from
college classes and workshops

is displayed in the annual de-
partmental exhibition. The Vis-
iting judge will examine all
entries submitted, The reason
for this policy is supposedly a
lack of space, Questions have
also been raised about the num-
ber of ks art majors have
on exhibit, for example Thor
Evensnn’s 14 works, when non-
department students are limit-
ed in three entries. The hear:
or the problem is that this
show is not truly a student ex-
hibition but a departmental ex<
hibitiun exclusively for display
of work done in course: during
the past year. It is unfortunate
that than is no student show

-— organized by students. em
to any student, and judged by
students. It does not seem pos-
sible that the policy or the de-
partmental e x h H) it lo II will
change in the near future‘

SALES

RUMMAGE AND Bake Sale for
King Scholarship mind. Satur-
day, May 17 at Methodist
Church. Student collection
Point at Guroff’s. 1227 Park,
Non-students: Horton's. 1223
Broad. Please contribute
throw-aways.

CONE ACROSS the street and
buy yourselt - present. We're
selling furniture, appnrol, kit-
chenwnre, ate. for dunes} I
hippy. Corn“ 6th and High.
Saturduy, Mny 3, m.

“NI ll.

IFIDING I}
In l-ullwm

AT

A cool, casual way to keep your cool, Pedwin
sandals. They're imported from ltsly, with all leathel
uppers. Takeyour choice. Either style, you’ll

know you've got a good thing going.

Being with each other, doing things together . . . know<
ing that your affection is growing into precious and
enduring love. Happily, all these cherished moments
will be forever symbolized by your diamond engagement
ring, If the name, Keepsake. is in the ring and an the tag.
you are assured of line quality and lasting satisfaction.
The engagement diamond is ﬂawless, of superb color,
and precise modern cut. Your Keepsake Jeweler will
assist you in making your selection . r . He's in the yellow
pages under "Jewelers." Rings from $100 to $10,000.
illustrations enlarged in show detailPTradarmark reg.
A. H. Pond Co., Ind, Est. 1892.

REGISTERED
eepsake'

DIAMOND RINGS

HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING

Please send new 2D~pnge booklet. "How To Plan Your Engages
ment and Wedding” and new 127pnge tun color toider. boln lor
only 25& Also, Send special oller of beautiful Alt-page Bride's Book.

r.--_____..____

Brown's Shoe Fit Ce.

CHARGE ACCOUNTS AND YOUR
BANK AMERICARD WELCOME HERE

On Main Street

|
l
l
|
l
l
l
|
l
l

l._.____._._..____

LKEEPSAKE DIAMOND RlNGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, N. Y, 13201

 

'DRAMA STUDENT
Balloons coups

By MOLLY MCGUIRE

While the majority of seniors were
cramming for their comprehensive
exams last week, Bonnie Tinker, a
theatre major, announced her intention
to bnycutt hei- exams and invited her
classmates to join her. At a meeting
last Friday night, several students ex
pressed their support or her action, but
were afraid themselves to participate
in a comps boycott,

Saturday morning Miss Tinker show-
etl up for her written exam, but spent
the time writing a statement explain-
ing her reasons for electing to refuse to
write a comprehensive exam for the
Speech and Theater department.

When she appeared Monday morning
i'or her Oral comprehensive, Miss
Tinker explained that she would be
glad to answer questions regarding the
issues raised in her statement, but
would not answer any questions that
were part ot an oral examination.
She spent the hour discussing grades,
education, and even theatre in general,
but nothing that would theoretically
constitute an oral exam,

Miss Tinker is uncertain about what
the theatre Staff will do about her re-
iusel to take the comps, but she men-
tioned a few steps they could follow:
1) fall her; 2) decide that she had in
fact taken the camps and pass her (she
did show up, but didn't answer the
questions); 3) average the grades of
all three comps (she took the ﬁrst ear-
lier in the year and received a “B”;)
or 4) refer her case to the Academic
Standing Committee, with or without a
recommendation that the comprehena
sive requirement be waived. in any
case, she plans to ﬁle a request with
the Committee to the effect that sen-
iors who do not complete or pass tllelr
comps he allowert ‘lo gmdmite anyway.
(The Senate p‘assed a re mg, Wed-
nesday to petition the .Asc with the
same request.)

Porter Woods of the theatre depart~
ment, when asked about the stairs de-
cision concerning Miss Tinker, said he
couldn’t: speak for the Whole staff, but
that he thought that she “knows what
to expect” from the staff. But he did
say, as an individual, that he “ques-
tions the merits of a general case
against departmental comprehensives
which is brought up during the week
or comps.” He said that the staff would
probably make a decision this week,
and included that he does not want the
decision to set a precedent tor the rest
oi the campus.

GLASSES

Made and Repaired
in Our Laboratory

Contact Lenses

Cases and
Solutions

Eyes Examined
Phone 136-3779

E. l. 1’ seat. on.

OFTOMETRlST

Across from Post Oi‘ﬁce

Closed rirurs. F.M.
and Sat. PM.

SCARLET AND I ACK

Excerpts From An All

Printed below are excepts from a state-
ment written by senior drama major
Bonnie Tinker instead of her comprehen»
sive examination. Students who wish to
read the entire statement are urged to
contact Miss Tinker. — Ed.

I’d like to believe that my objections
to comps are primarily grounded in a
concept or education, and that they are,
therefore, logically justiﬁable. This may
or may not be primary motivation, hut
assuming tor the moment that it is H
or that it is at least for a major {actor
in this impulsive action—I should at-
tempt. some deﬁnition of “education”
and then try to use that as a major pre—
mise for building my argument. (There
I go again, that tact is certainly well
within the ground rules oi proper aca-
demic ritual!)

in any case, tor the sake oi argument,
let’s assume that: Education is a pro-
cess. it is the vital and intimate abstrac-
tion, analysis, and integration or inter
mation and experience into one’s past,
present and iuture being. I am objecting
to “comprehensive examinations” baa
cause i have abstracted, analyzed and
integrated iniormaiion and experience
into my being in such a way that the idea
oi comps strikes a most unsettling note
of discord,

That leaves me with the most perplex<
ing problem of explicating my own being.
Certainly such presumption must be sec
ond only to the praisumptlon of judging
someone else’s being, Nonetheless, hav<
ing fully mastered such intellectual au-
dacity during the past four years, i
will capriciously iorge ahead.

Most people who know me — iriends,
enemies, relatives, myseli — would
agree upon three things about me: 1
am an extremist, I am emotional. And
I am “idealistic.” Sometimes these terms
are considered compliments, sometimes
insults. But regardless oi the attached
value judgment, its a curious combina-
tion. When people call me emotional,
they usually mean that i am acting

BEYMER?
king's Food Host U.S.A.

without regard for the logical processes
of the human intellect. Those who call
me idealistic mean to say that i am
acting too completely within the logical
constructs oi my mind. Now it I simply
switched on between the two we Could
simply chalk it up to schizophrenia and
have the contradiction neatly consigned
to a conceptual box where it can be
routinely dealt with (oi course, you may
want to do that anyway). The problem
is that I seem to be extremely emotion-
a1 and idealistic zit the same time (which
sets up a certain amount of cognitive
dissonance, or something like that). Giv~.
en the limitations of a line media, how—
ever. 1 can’t simultaneously deal with
the relationship of these two aspects of
my personality to my speciiic objection
to comps, so I’ll iirst deal with my emo-
tional objection and then with my ideal-
istic objections.

About a week ago someone asked a
classmate why he was staying in school
if he really believed what he claimed
to believe about the relevancy, value,
etc. of education institutions. He replied
that he was staying because he was a
Schmuck. I’d already been thinking simi-
lar thoughts about my own submission to
the rules of the BA. ritual, but hearing
the conclusion 5n bluntly slated just one
more time was the final straw. I dislike
leeling like a schmuckr It’s a very des-
tructive emotion; it’s obscene. If 1 can’t
ﬁnd it better reason ior staying in school,
ior putting up with nuisances like grades
and finals and comps, I’ve got to drop
out.

Another emotional rejection of comps
stems from their typical content. I’ve
already taken one set of comps this
spring. 1 was given two grades or “B."
Grinnell College should feel insulted. If
that material (lirst learned in 10th
grade and subsequently suriacod in
about 24 hours at high-power cramming)
represents my “Grinnell Education" and
if my graduation irom Grinnell is de-
pendent upon spewing forth that sort
of incidentia] information, Ihen the C014
loge has wasted every penny or ﬁnancial
aid it has invested in me. And What hap-
pened today when I came into this comp?
One or the oiher majors said to me, “Aw
come on Bonnie, you can just write some
sort or sh—t to those questions.” And
they’re right. I’m sure I could write
some sort of sh—t and pass the exam.
But hell, it the only way to get a BA.
is to abandon your intellectual creativity
and integrity, I’d guess l’ll just have to
do without it.

I have one other emotional objection
to comps—which may or may not be
very noble. But it‘s very basic. 1 hate
being in any way dependent upon other
people’s judgments oi me. i feel ex-
tremely repressed when someone holds
the power to say that my education, that
my creationewhich is my being # is

Pug. Swen

Comp

worth so much measured on a 41min:
scale, or that it just doesn’t make the
grade. When I submit to that kind of
power 1 ieel that I’ve perverted my ex-
istence, that We neutralized my indivi-
duality. . ..

Now to carry the argument hack to
the more speciﬁc issue or education, 1
delined education as “a process, the
vital and intimate abstraction, analysis,
and integration or iniormation and ex-
perience into nne’s being.“ in these
terms, if a person submits his education
to judgment by another person he is sub-
mitting his very life to external value
judgment, In which case the judge sets
himself up in the position of God. it
seems to me that the more “liberal"
Liberal Arts Colleges have caught
themselves between two poles. 0n the
one hand, they want to say that educa-
tion is indeed more than the storage 01
a given body oi iniormation. 0n the
other hand, they want to continue to
apply quantitative measures which can
be transcribed into a qualitative judg.
merit.

The defense is, of course, that exams
are not intended to be simply a measure
or stored intormation, they are to allow
a student to demonstrate his ability to
synthesize iniormation into concepts, and
to deal creatively with his confusion.
Yes? Well, 1 don’t believe . it people
who give exams really believed that
“exams are tor the student,” seriously,
they certainly wouldn’t be so presump-
tuous to “grade" exams, or papers, or
courses, or people. What all too often
happens in the Liberal Arts College is
that concepts are turned into the inﬁll"
rnation, synthesis is turned inio regurgi-
tation, a process is turned into a product,

A short quote from the "Theater Ma-
jors: Comprehensive Reading List,
Spring 1969" is pertinent:

rim {oliowmg list is designed to

to disorder, early sorrow, cont

blinding intuitions . . , . The

will be based upon this list. ornis

range Vildrly .ino you will not be pen-

alized ior (it briginai ideas on what inis
reading iisr might mean. (2) your nbiiiiy

to iii oiiior rradings and understandings
into it. and ts) a deep, consnicrcd con-

mm" Theater stair

Come on now, my friends on the Thea:
[er Slaif, if you really mean that Stop
asking me silly questions. Have a little
respect ior my originality and consid-
ercd contusion. i don’t know what you
mean giving me a 21/2 hour comprehem
sive examination on Theater. You‘re
messing around with my lite, you know.
Theater is my Art, my Ritual; it’s my
way of plugging into eternity, my way
oi transcending my own inherent soli-
tude and mortality. You talk about King
Lear and Peer Gynt as “departure from
the mainstream of theatrical tradition“
and i just think about how no matter
he wslubborn and willful I am, i am

ANTI-COM F—

Will

 

(Continued Page 5, Column 4)

SPECIAL
THIS WEEK!

AND THE NEXT, AND THE NEXT.

OUR PEZZA IS ALWAYS PEC

PLACE OR 03’

TOM 84 BETTE GAHBISON

AND THE NEXT

EAL. TRY IT SOME‘HME. VOUR

MT"

.i.‘

236-6222

 

Page Eight
5.

SCARLET AND ELACK

New House Presidents Elected

By ALICE ROGOFF

' last Monday’s typical lunchriine elec-
Mon resulted in the choice of next year's
members of the Associated Women Stuv
dents Board and the men's Council of
house Presidents The women's new hall
presidents will be:

Carolyn Canfield

Susan F inkbeiner

Kathy Heinze Lynda Lalnherih

Merrill Penson Julia Szabo
Sammie Fletcher (writeein Candidate)

The men’s halls will be headed byl

Bob Asbllie Ira Bnlnlck

Alex Karlin Roy Lewis

Mike Penmer Quinton Phea

Bruce Rollins Phil Mears

Don Peterson Ernie Rose

The 70 per cent of the student body
who voted on Monday was a sharp con-
trast to the sparse turnout at n discusr
siiJn with the candidates held in the
South Lounge on the eve of the election.

“The main purpose of a hall presi-

ent,” Lisa Cheraskin concluded there,

‘is to coordinate the hall into a workable
living situation." Ideas on how to achieve
that goal varied considerably among the
oandldates.

The relative merits of hall unity Vs.
individuality was a prevalent topic. it
was generally telt that hails should pro-
vide for various activities, but only it
its residents wished to participate. Alex
Karlin suggested holding a meeting of
people who select the same hall to de
oide what “direction a hall should go
in.” He stated that problems and disli-
lusionment oiten arise because individu-
als do not clearly understand their pres-
ldent’s position when they became
members of a hail. Suggestions to im-
prove hall unity or spirit would be to
use the lounge as a center, to encourage
halirsponsored discussions with profes-
sors, and to have hail dinners. Hall unity
might be encouraged, but the underly-
ing individuality of each hall member
would be maintained,

Among the women, practical question:
such as "How do you keep the kitchen
clean?” were presented to see how the
candidates would solve the difiicult prob-
lems of rule enforcement, organization
and acquiring the cooperation of every
individual. A prevailing view was ex-
pressed by Frances Gray: “If the house
president is going to be the enforcer of
anything, it should be consideration."

Opinions on the intra-hall illegal use
of drugs ranged from it laissez-fairo at-
titude to a ban-on-drugs hall policy. Car-
ulyn Canfieid said that the illegal use of
drugs within a hail would jeopardize th-
Dther hall members, Most candidate:
iwere characterized by a refusal to taka
any action unless the individuals involv-

LLsa Cheraskin
Frances Gray

ed became ”indiscreet," in which case
they would speak to those individuals.
Giving information to hall residents ti)
acquaint them with all the facts about
dnig use was also advocated by Sonia
candidates.

Plans to have hall members aid each
other in their academic lile would in-
clude hall tutoring programs, having
majors discuss their courses and pro
tessors with prospective majors, and
asking upperciassmert to acquaint rresh-
men with what the general requirement
courses entail, The “gulfH between North
and south campus might be bridged by
lnterhail dinners and a system of “Sis-
ter halls” from the opposite sides or
the campus, someone suggested.

lMlke Penzner affirmed a need [or in‘
formal coed social functions for people
who don’t: date. “We need to generate
an atmosphere to make that. kind of
thing acceptable —— to let people relax
with one anotharl"

The basil: theme of the candidates was
reﬂected in the word “communication,”
or as Roy Lewis put it: ‘People should
try to get together and talk things out.“

M

Support Breakfast Fund

By KIT LEDER

A drive on campus to raise funds for
the Black Panther Party of Des Moines'
Free Breakfast for Children Program
evoked a response amounting to over
$146 in collections. Money was collected
at tables in lunch and dinner lines, in
the Forum, and in the Post Office dur-
ing a six-day campaign last week,

The Free Breakfast For Children Pro-
gram is the first public service program
instituted by the still young Panthers of
Des Moines it is designed to provide
a free hot breakfast for school children
of Black communities who would other
wise have to sit through each morning
on an empty stomach. The program is
dependent on community response, and
the contributions from Grilmeii are one
step in the direction of promoting a sense
of community between white students
and young Black people.

However, some elements within the
city of Des Moines have no philanthropic
feelings toward the Panthers; last Sat-
urday night their headquarters wal
bombed and several Panthers were ur-
rested for “assaulting" policemen, while
other panthert were maced for standing
too near them on the fmnt porch of the
bombed house. it appears that lines are
being drawn within Des Moines, and the
Panthers are being confronted with
problems which may slow down their
efforts to respond to the pressing needs
of the Black communities.

 

Students Organize
Town Discussions

By KATHY run;

In an effort to communicate with the
town and to encourage discussion about

the war, Grinnell students started tall-o-
ing with members or community organi-
zations this week, The responses have
varied

The First Congregational Church asked
for a discussion or debate, and the Grin~
nell high school student body president
said he would try to set up a panel or
high sohool teachers and, perhaps, obl~
legs professors to discuss the Vietnam
war in an allrschool assembly. He also
said he would circulate an anti-war petlr
tion that will be presented to the city
council.

The American Legion planli a
meeting within a week to consider the
proposed discussions, and the Episcopal
Church has asked for a discussion on
May lot. (This date may have been
changed because Ted Glick’a dralt card
turn—in was scheduled for that night.)

when Mark Graesor called the Cham-
ber oi Commerce to ask if they would ho
interested in helping to set up discussions
about Vietnam, the reply was, “You’re
sick,“ Graesor commented to the 8&5,
“I felt terribly frustrated and saddened.
My stomach was upset. I’m afraid we
underestimated the potential negative re-
action at the town."

Other students are talking with {arm
organizations, Grinnell Democratic and
Republican parties, other churches, and
the League of Women Voters. Senator
Bill Stranger is trying to find a short
film to be shown at the Strand Theater
before the Ieatured movies.

The Grinneli Herald-Register asked
senior Bruce Armstrong, (who has been
talking with Editor Al Finder), to Write
an article to present his “assessment of
what happened.” The article was prinb
ed unedited, in Monday's Register. in
his article, Armstrong stated that the
inverting of the flag was the well-intew
tioned act oi one person (actually, there
were two) and asked that "the concern
of the average citizen" about the war
be voiced. Ted Glick talked with the
chief of police, Bill Peters. Peters said
that the US. hould get out of Vietnam
If it takes 5 million men and an atom
bomb, but does not feel that he can take
a public stand in his position, Glick said.

Friday, May 2, i959

 

chuck creamed

The “pied piper" oi the Saga Food
Ben/ice, Clarence “Saga Chuck” Hand,
was smacked with 25 whipped cream
pics at an Apr. 20th Spring Picnic and
Kite-Fly on the Women's Athletic Field.
After putting himself before a student
tiring squad, Chuck’s only comment
was a pathetic, “Are you finished yet?"
The answer was another pie in Chuck's
face. Saga supplied the pies and sport-
sored the activities.

} Anti-Comp '
(continued from Page 1)

going to die someday and l’m not going
to be able to live all of the life 1 want.
to live, and that saddens and fright-
ens me so much that I seek existence in
my abstractions. You ask me to spend
one hour of my “comprehensive exami-
nation” evaluating some “Absurd" play-
writes in accordance with the idea that
m , , “ represents a new direction in
tnwrgv smart wind up feeling like i
must "be on stage because I certainly
feel like I’m playing a role in someone’s
Absurd Theater. If you really want to
know about my original and considered
confusion, drop that nonsense oi what
grade you’re going to give people on
this, that, or the htoor exam 01' life and
listen to me.

The Academic Ritual has become dys<
lunciionai. Let‘s throw it out and work
together with a new art ton...

 

NOTICE

A: in proviso. yam. we will not. your
portablu iypewriisn tor ih. hummer
at no ohargo. w. will hm ihsm in-

lured.

While your portable n in. why not hav-
. us chemically. clean and oil it, and hsvo
. ' It already {or another year oi hard

m » t
THE WORLD IS YOURS,
See Your Travel Agent

work next yeerl

Today

GRINNELL TRAVEL CENTER

808 — 5th Ave. Court
Phone 236-4384
236-4675

GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY

Across From The Post Offico

ADDRESS HERE:

 

