 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page Two

SCARLET AND BLACK

Thursday May 29, I969

 

EDITORIALS

Preface to the Last Edition

This week’s 5&3 is not Intended to be a newspaper. The content is not news as
I oh, but a presentation of student problems, concerns, values, and attitudes. The
primary function of this publication is to help clarify and establish the meaning and
Implications of commencement for the student, to those who are not intimately ln<
yolved in the college situation.

People were invited to write what they wished concerning their Grinnell expe-
rience or particularly important aspects of their lives in order to convey the “char-
acter” of Grinnell students (this does not imply one character). Thus there are only
two news stories, one concerning the faculty’s latest acions concerning ROTC, and
the trial of those involved in the Playboy demonstration. These are included not
only for their news-worthiness, but because they are indicative of the concerns und
behavior of the college student.

The next few days' events will mark the turning point in many people's lives.
Hopefully some of the questions asked in this paper will help students and visitors
to better understand the meaning of theSE days, and the behavior of the senior class.

Whose Needs—Will You Fulfill?

To many receiving diplomas Friday, commencement will he a very disappoint-
ing affair. They have realized that the liberal arts education has only fulfilled half
of the function it has been assigned in its libemting educational endeavor. Many feel
that the college has been unable to thoroughly adapt to the students’ new anticipa-
tions.

The college has duties to consider in relationship to both its students and the
society. Each group has its views and expectations of a college education which
educational policy makers consider in their planning. These expectations are hecom~
log more and more distant, as the student develops a new orientation toward the so~
ciety. How does the institution accommodate its policies to both elements when the
two elements are becoming so different? It is apparent that the institution has not
been able to properly adapt to these demands.

The educated individual joins a class and has an expected role in the society.
determined by the societal norms. The completion of college marks a level of
achievement qualifying him for a position in the system. Thus the society views the
institution of higher learning as a source for manpower to prime its system. The
liberal arts college as well as the more career oriented technical schools are equal-
ly valuable sources of supply. The student in the liberal arts institution for some
time saw participan‘on in the society as the logical way of employing what he gained
from his liberal education. Thus the student's view of the function of his education
was the same as the society’s.

The liberal arts student body has less of a desire to join the society and finds
that his liberal arts education is not necessarily compatible with the societal norm.

For example, a business administration major, frat member. at a large univer-
sity is indootrinated to the class and mores of a society he wishes to join. Also ho
is taught the skills best enabling him to “fit in.” The liberal arts student is given
neither these Skills nor desires by his education. His open mind and individualistic
values often make his self-concept radically different from his technically oriented
counterpart. Four years or investigating new vistas, and accepting new points of
view, make him less suited for participation in the society in the way that is tradi-
tionally expected of college graduates.

The liberal arts process some how produces “liberal” students (radicals too) who
nre less able or willing to ilt into or participate in the society in the way tradition-
nlly expected by the society. Those who determine the educational policy of the in-
stitution, however, continued functioning as if students were oriented to societal par-
ticipation and gear their policy to those expectations of education envisioned by the
society. This is exhibited in two ways: first in the immediate technical politics of
grading, comprehensives, requirements, and majors. These are expected forms that
education should take in the eyes or society, but are less accepted by the student.
Policy makers. however, refuse to innovate, evaluate and structure education with
the same orientation that students have.

The more tar reaching policies are really in need of change to become consist»
out with student’s point of View. The institution's greatest failure is that it
liberates and allenates students from social participation, without providing alter—
native modes of relating to society. Change is the immediate concern but the educa
tion gives little or no orientation toward such activities. The education is irrelevant
because it fails to provide for the student's needs. The Student wants his education
to give him tools to deal with his new values about his relationship to the society,
while the institution continues to provide an educational policy which is intended to
connnue tunneling students into the system.

Students are interested in affecting change and leading the values of society.
in order for this to occur, however, the college institution must recognize this new
goal and gear its policies accordingly. This will demand that the institution itselr
become a leader of new values in society, by allowing for an education that re-
sponds to the student’s needs not to the society’s expectations. The educational ln<
stitution has a role of educating students as well as society. It’s time to take on
this much needed role as leader of society.

W

> Gui" human body “good and beautiful," Miss

Y Malcolm denied having been lewd or
obscene and sharply on cised Playboy.
“lt's prostitution on paper." she said.

Miss Nelson struggled to hold back
tears while on the witness Stand as she
spoke the words of a song the protes—
tors had sung while undressed at the
lecture: “You've got to walk that lone-
some valley; You've got to walk it by
yourself.”

Enich asked Garman. “You
think disrobing was obscene or
gar?”

The youth replied: “No, l was born
naked.”

(Continue mun Page 12)

“lacing us in so tightly on what was
indecent and obscene."

Eye-witnesses to the dismbing inci-
dent testified Monday and identified the
defendants as those who had taken off
their clothes. However, upon cross-ex-
amination by Johnston, every eye-wit-
mess testified that he had seen nothing
obscene or lewd about the nudity.

On Tuesday all eight detendants took
the stand to explain their reasons for
participating in the protest. Calling tho

don't
vul—

talk of the town

By FREDRICKA NELSON
drugs: a message from phoebe snow.

the fact is: most children (?) smoke
pot today. this harmless weed is con-
sumed by young people who want to
take the time to perceive their world in
a slowed down, more impersonal way.
they enjoy the rituals of pot-smoking and
are collectors of elaborate material and
verbal artifacts that bespeak the plea-
sures oi drug use. In contrast to the pun
suit of sane and quiet pleasure, theirs
is a place of strange contrasts. the
young are called adolescent when they're
not, and inexperienced which they aren't.
they’re measured against something that
shouldn't exist to be sent to good schools
where they can leam to entertain them-
selves in the face of these paradoxes.
they're expected to meet people who
don’t exist and fraternize with ideas
that never are the reality they see.

before the mass media latched onto the
hippie movement, the drug cultures on
campus were small and quite exclusive.
to those select few who used drugs tho
vast majority of the campus was obli-
vious — pursuing its own academic thing
and using alcohol as its frantic escape.
only a. few of us remember the “drug-
gies" oi past glory. those individuals
usually had the guts to leave the col-
lege in one way or another. otherwise,
they were a very silent, though none-the-
less visible minority, who were of inter-
est only to a few underclass, sincert
freaks. when the rex and the longhorn
enjoyed their golden era — two or
three years ago -— the druggies were
meetable, but just barely, and the whole
scene was too cool to be cracked. you
ask about the sudden mushrooming or
drugs and we answer with a polite que-

E:

L TTERS

Torr Feathered

T0 the Editor:

Curtis Tarr goes to work for the mili-
taristic machine, undoubtedly knowing
for what he will be working at this
late date in history, and Grinnell Col-
lege gives him an Honorary Doctor of
Humane Letters Degree. In so doing this
institution prostitutes Whatever lofty
ideals it now or has Ever had.

The reason for the granting of the
honorary degree is Tarr's work for the
ACM tor the last row years: his future
line of work was known when he was
chosen to be honored. but those choosing
either did not care about his future
occupation, or they felt that a man’s
hie can be separated into parts, some
parts being honored and others not.
Either of these reasons is appalling. A
disregard for his future occupation is
worthy of nothing bllt contempt. And a
belief that a man is not the same man
six months ago as he is now seems In-
credible. An attempt to overlook the
future work of 3 man and instead con-
centrate on his past shows a woeful lack
of knowledge and reason, not to mention
some blindness.

Wake up, Grinnell. Look at your
world and come to your senses.

Friday’s Commencement activities pro-
vide a real opportunity for Grinnell col-
lege students, faculty, administration
and parents to see both institutionalized
complicity (in the War) and the moral
blindness of this college at one and the
same time, This year the college, in
the name of the entire college community
and its friends, is granting an honorary
degree to a man who Wlll soon be work—
ing as an Assistant secretary of Man-
power for the United States Air Force.

TED GLICK

rie: who blew the traditional scene? who
cracked that small, cool society and
spread it from coast to coast across this
formidable nation? don’t ask students,
since their answers aren’t expressive of
the problem or the solution, the des
moines register and the news magazines
like time have had a much greater ef-
feet on the "market” than the under:
ground press. mass circulation, that
stimulated mass curiosity and experi.
mentatlon, is the scapegoat and its caus-
ers are the capitalist muckrakers who
feed the public’s desires for the differ~
cut, the eccentric, the dramatic and the
young. what could be more interesting
and revealing than the stories of subur-
ban debs and their amphetamine — bad
trip — love affairs with death and other
social killers called euphoria and smack.
who loved the saga of the rise and fall ol
the drug town, san francisco, irom its
quaint beginning to its condition after
two years? and all that marijuana in
the high schools? heaven forbid, Said
the reading public, who bought their true
news just the same.

how else could a minority of such little
mention as the drug culture have gotten
so many ardent curiosity seekers to her
door. curiosity is the first step to ex.
peﬁmentation, and where the seientiiic
View of knowledge and education pres
valis, one can expect ardent research
into every dimension of a problem(?).
to “know” one needs experience — try to
get a. secretarial or construction ion —-
which even a child of twelve can find by
iollowing up a basic social truth. pot is
ancient and highly respected by many
cultures . . . americo is unprecedented

.are the delicate circles

weddings. .
that we make to surround ourselves in

custom. . .they are that certain tone or
voice projected by two people to their
witnesses. . .tones that penetrate tradi-
tion and speak for the art of love.

they are the formalities that the publio
demands before it can reconcile itself [0
the fact of love. .and to love’s children.
weddings are occasions that make a way
or life tangible to our elders.

The Scarlet & Black

Studeni Newspaper of
Grinnell College,

Grinnell, Iowa

An independent news

Enilm Fiver published weekly.
3‘” Mg excnut nouns holidays
’ and cxammaﬂon Denodsi
3 u, the charm ca...
F mitte: on Student Publi-
a e um... sun-mu...

Wmstﬂﬁ“ rare toot) per
year.

school

Editor
Business Manager
Associate Editor .. nAvli) swan.
blunnzing Editor em. RAFFEIITY
Newxidltor .. MICHAEL BRANDON

SUsAN mesa
okucc smoM

 

Vii-ruddy May 29. i061

SCARLET AND BLACK

h9- Thru

 

The 60's: A Decade of Change

By TERRY PARSSINEN
Asst. proi. oi History

Author‘s note: I was asked to write
a pleoe comparing the presenl student
mood to that which prevailed in me
early sixties, when i was ii student
here.

Perhaps two incidents that occurred in
my sophomore year, 1960—61. best iiidi<
(Late the diﬂerences between my student
generation and yours. During the “mock
election at Grinneii in the fill, Kennedy
was soundly beaten by Nixon. Later that
year. a group at rwcnlycdd athletes
Attacked and shaved the head of one of
Grinneli's ﬁrst “beatniks” (we had no
hippies then), for no other reason than
that his long hair somehow oiiended
them

In the context oi the present campul
mood, oi course, these events seem like
medieval atuvisms. ‘i'hough extreme,
both events sprung iron: the same per-
caption: we were heirs to a country,
a college, and a hie-style that were not
in need at fundamental change. Adjust—
ment. perhaps, but not change. We wero
crew—cut, clean-Cut Young Democrats or
Young Republicans, depending upon our
penchant ior such adjustment. Although
we were anxious about The Bomb, we
were basically optimistic about the in-
mm.

1 think that our quietism, as compared
to your activism, was not a result oi any
great difference between us. We, too,
came streaming in ironi upper middle
cuss suburbs, proudly displaying our
Ni-is certiﬁcates and our impeccable
high school records. What has happened
is that two events — the Black Move-
ment and the Vietnam War — have in-
tervened between you and us, and made
it impossible for your generation to ac-
cept things as they came to you.

in 1963, we perceived only that small
part of the Movement that was bound
on be Visible ﬁrst: the struggle for legal
oqualiiy. Commutation, when it came,
’Waii between men like Martin Luther
King, jr., and Bull Conner. What was
at stake was whether blacks could attend
better schools, use waiting rooms, and
vote. And votei Could any sensitive man
(all to understand that this was a strug-
gle between Right and Wmng? Could
any intelligent man iail to predict that
still: Enabiishment — after receiving a
tow embarrassing join — would disown
die Bull Couriers, Ind make the ricces~
nary adiustments to include the blacks?
Watts and “Black Powerl" were still two
years away, and no one. in his wildest
knnasies. could have projected black
students carrying guns at I liberal uni~
varsity.

Likewise. the war in Vietnam was no
more than an irritant, not so irnich be-
cause it was wrong, but because it was
unsuccessiul. This, like other babties in
the Cold War, was simply an uniorum-
ate, though necessary episode in a long
series oi ooni’lcts with the Communists.
Even those oi us who hoped for a detenta
between the U.S. and tile 0.8.8.11. would
not have argued for the immorality at
American intervention in Guatemala.
Labanon, or Cuba. The rules M conduct
for nations like those for men in a Hobbe-
Biun state of nature, were not encum-
bered by concern loi- morality. This

attitude carried ovei into the leading
radical student organization or the early
1960's, the Student Peace Union, and its
adult counterpart. SANE. We feared not
thai our leaders would act immorally,
but that they would act ioolishly. During
the Cuban missile crisis, for example,
we were less concerned about the moral
question oi intewcntion than we were
about the danger oi a nuclear war.

Since 1963, the “liberal veneer has
been stripped iroin American imperial-
ism." to quote Andrew Kopkind. and the
Black Movement has turned out to be in-
credibly more complex than anyone
could have imagined. The institutions
and persons responsible for adjusting the
machinery and perpetuating the Amer-
ican Dream have failed. Above all, our
iaith in the responsiveness or a demo-
craticaliy—eiected government to the will
at the electorate has been shaken, or
even crushed. The prolongation of in:
war, and the continued neglect or do
mestic problems have made a mockery
of this belief.

Under these circumstances, it is not
rrnprisiug that a substantial part or your
generation prefers either to attack or opt
out of the institutions and life-style that
my generaiion accepted. There were, at
course, dissidents among us, but their
despair never led to a cynical attitude
toward the entire system inn: is preva-
lent among many oi you. in some ways,
this cynicism, dds automatic disrespect
ior authority has been productive. On
one level, it has forced some Americans
to reconsider the moral implications 01‘
their country’s inrcigu policy. Closer to
home, it has led to a questioning or
every facet of university regulations and
traditions. Black students have made
universities aware of their moral obliga-
tion to minority groups, and white radi<
cais have made universities reconsider
the propriety oi the traditional grading
system, research-oriented faculties, and
integral lies to the military-industrial
complex. Together, black and white stu-
dents have iorced a restructuring oi
universities. For these and other con-
tributions you deserve our thanks and
our praise.

It is a professional axiom that every
historian is a captive or his times. To
some extent, his contemporary percep-
tions necessarily affect the way in which
he views the past. I believe that this his
sight is also applicable to student garter
ations. Certainly my generation was a
captivc or the ohucry optimism oi early
Kennedy years, In the same way, your
generation is the captive oi the history
at the last four years, the extent, lor
most of you, oi your political concious-
Iiess. Seeing both the domestic and for-
eign situations deteriorate in that time,
Come 0! you conclude that they Cannot
improve. Revolution or collapse are the
only alternatives. The rhetoric of stu-
dent radicalism echoes the apocalyptic
prophecies of earlier religious and secu<
Jar revolutionaries who were at the brink
of despair. These anarchists and mil-
lenarians are now footnotes to history,
and the impending doom that they pre-
dicted never came to pass. They were
deluded by their selective and simplistic
reading or events, as we were at the
beginning of this decade, and as some or
you are at its and.

YOU'RE GRADUATING?
Well, Pin a Rose On You!

BATES FLOWERS

TOO LATE FOR WORDS

By LEE MARIL

Seniors are no more, has becrls, alum-
ui, and juniors wait in the summer
wings ior the cue to begin their final
year. Renaissance, rebirth, etc, repe-
tition oi the same hopes, iailures, per-
haps achieved goals, perhaps not. But
it all doesn't end with the diploma bit
on graduation day and as Grinriell is
about to become a sign in the rear-view
mirror the benurnbed driver has just a
(cw last desperate words.

And they are to beware, to plan
ahead, to watch out, to realize that {our
ycars goal exceedingly last, that

Look Back in Anger

By DAVID SWEE

In looking back at Grinnell four year:
ago, it is easy to laugh at the silly prac-
tices and the ridiculous rules that were
then truly enloi'ccd: coats and ties at
late dinner; women’s hours, 12:00; tresh<
men women hours, 10:30, until they
“demonstrated" that they would be
“good"; North-male, Southriemaie and
never the twain shall meet ‘i'ire drills”
on South Campus only; prepping, which
was against the rules but was prac-
ticed anyway, while the administration
turned its back; real “housemothers”,
but only on South Campus; open rooms
every Sunday. 2-5; three lounge parties
a semester with two hours oi legal open
dorms; liquor was “naughty” on much oi
South Campus; pot in Langan; woodSies:
waierhalloons in Cowles; water lights;
animallsm all over, and the administrha
tion unconcerned; “It's alright as long
as i don’t know about it."

Four years later all oi this is guuc
But the changes have brought new ques»
tlons. When is SAGA going to start do-
ing things which students want? (What's
so impossible about a Sunday bluiich,
liH:00?) Why Can't more dorms be
'made coed? When is the Resident Ad-
visors program going to be turned into
something eiieclive, as opposed to some-
thing haphazard? how long will students
pretend to obey the eighty-four hours oi
legal opens? How many obey them now?
when is the administration going to al-
low students to run their own lives?
When is it going to recognize that stu-
dents can be adults it treated as such?
When is the administration going to
com out with a good drug statement,
like their position on liquor, which is that
it is the: student's responsibility to obey
the it’ll! law. and tho administration
will nit interiors? Has mimaiism really
died, or is it just hiding in Dibble? And
is anybody going to do something about
it? with the new “concern" for the stu<
dents, how come the student advisor
program is so lousy? And why is the
college paying them $14,000 when they
are so desperate for money that they are
asking student government to fund a
sex education program? Finally, with all
oi the new “communication" how come
the administration ls hiring a particu-
lar resident adviser couple when this
year‘s resident advisora and the many
students who met them all recommend
that they not be hired? is anybody
really listening?

dreams about graduate schools, mar.
ridge, liic, remain dreams as long on
there is a war in some heaven-knows-
where country where the people an-
yellow and eat rice all day.

And they are to sit down now, whilo
there is still time to think, and wonder
What you are going to do when the no<
iicc Comes in the mail and you‘re not
really ready tor it. Plan now what you
are going to have to race in (our year:
or less; there may still be a war, per-
haps a new war in Thailand, Korea, or
who knows Where, and the problem!
will remain the same.

Whether it’s Vietnam or anywherl
else the same balance must be reached
between ideals, conscience, and reality,
and in the process as few people must
be adversely affected as possible. And
you, or course, are one or those people,

I didn't really believe that lour years
later there could still be a war and
that, despite the supposed pcacc talks,
there could be a few, if any, signs of
all imminent peace. But that is exactly
the case and here we all are, at least
me, out in the cold rain with a paper
umbrella,

And so i want to say a lot of things
About the inequities oi the system, the
injustice of the present draft, the ac-
tualities oi the armed services (God
bless them), and the absurdities of War.
But the time has already passed for
such words and it's really just a little
bit too late. I’m tired of Saying such
words and l malize that each person
must face up to the reality oi the siiu<
stinn in his own good time. And so I

leave ii at that.
r:

268 Future People

commencement

liaiisiheniiis
By KATHY BULL

Grinneli is expelling another eruditl
graduating class irom her womb. Woops,
inw the world. Labor pains began WedA
nuday evening when the seniors wen
treated to dinner at the spacious Quad-
rangle dining room. The misplaced repli-
ca oi the president's medallion wa-
wwardéd to G. F. Crandall anyway,
and the alumni awards went to '1‘. Jr
Triplet: and K. .i. Karison. Bacon
laureate will be lite first truly solemn-
izing event or the Weekend. it will
be at B p.111. tonight in Herrick Chan
pei with Kathy Karison, Mary Maleoul
and Hubert Farbes homiiizing.

Tomorrow, Friday, May 30. 1989, A. D.,
It 2 pm. “amid Hughes will “Search
for a Contemporary Context" and thu
graduating class or 1969 will receive their
passport: to the future,

BLASSIFIED ADS

you SALE: A 1938 Buick Touring Sedan
(2-door). In excellent running condi-
tion and very reasonably priced. Cou-
tact G, p. Zimiuar, ext. 232 or 236451221,

FOR SALE: Very the-p, 50cc Hond-
rnotorcycie. In excellent condition,
most, $50. That's definite. Or mak.
an offer. That's deﬁnite, too. Call 0v
627i).

CONGRATULATIONS!
We Salute You, Class of '69

Swede's Grinneil Laundry

 

SCARLET AND BLACK

Thursday. May 19, mo

Liberating Liberal Art‘s?"

A Century Without Change

By TOM GREENFIELD

Every so often the tube runs a ten
year old appeal for kids to stay in high
uchool. A clean cut dude walks by this
corner where a group of kids are pitch-
ing pennies. Grimly, he shakes his head
and says. “Dat cudda bin me dere a few
years ago. But i stuck it out. i got my
diploma and now i got a good paying
job,” Leaping into his ’58 Impala, he
whips off to the horizon as the words
“Stay in School" stare down at you for
five seconds.

At Grinnell, we feel we have placed a
thousand miles between ourselves and
the high school penny-pitchers. They are
16 and cannot read, we are 18-21 and 3F
tend a college whose student body and
faculty are “equal to the best colleges
in the country.“ But the penny-pitchers
are catching up to Grinnell. The large
universities — for all their red-tape,
insensitivity, shon-sightedness and all
around blah -— have opened their doors
wider. A recent sociological survey
showed that "oodles" of former ’58 Im-
pala owners » as well as a few penny-
pitchers .. are in the schools and get-
ting the B.A. The university schools are
getting bigger and are piling a larger
percent of Impala owners and penny-
pitchers into the outside world, In fact.

ou will live to see the day when the

.A. assumes the status 01' minimum re-
quired education, which the high school
now holds. (Some of you who are not
female or i—F may miss out on this
treat, but the rest of society will see the
day come to pass.)

What does this have to do with Grin-
nell? Well, Grinnell has a problem.
How do you attract the best people in
the country (facility and students) when
you are doing exactly what you were
doing loo years ago. Here are some of
the hassles: 1) it's getting hard to at-
tract good students for 31/, hills a year
when large universities will sock the
ILA. to them for 1000, mo, or even less
in many cases;

2) it’s hard to attract a Shakespeare
expert who has no one to talk to and
nothing to read within a. radius of 250
miles;

3) it's now hard to attract the Mid-
west students who want quality educa-
tion without extensive travel. Modern
transportation -— air transport, cheap
buses, lots of cars and good roadways,
and student halt-lure (big business’ hu-
mane pimp of the college community)—
has eliminated much of the transporta-
tion pain of the past.

Grinnell’s going to collapse in 10 years.
How can we get away with charging 3500
per annum for a lousy n. A. when, by
late, the kids on the corner pitching pen-
nies will be third year college students
who quit because they couldn't hack
genetics or Yeats? The answer is, you
can’t — not for very long anyway. The

college will, sooner or later, have to
meet the needs of an elite student body
and elite faculty (if it desires to charge
an elite tuition.)

The needs of u college community of
superior students and superior fncuify
can lbe met, i believe, with n program
which will train MA‘s, MAT’S, MFA’S.
and MS‘s. This will require an enormous
library, five year residence (with per-
haps a mandatory 12 months on leave)
and graduate lab and Fine Art! facilities.
A 3500 dollar per year B. A. will not sat-
isfy superior students any longer. Grin-
neli will soon lose the Iltile brothers of
the few superior students it now has.
consequently, superior professors will
not come out to the middle 0‘ Iowa to
teach a second-rate student body.

Money, of course, stands in the way.
But if Grinnell were to offer an experi»
mental program to some of its benefac-
tors, it might get some backing for at:
least a trial run of building a new con
cept of training the country’s cream. (if
Grinnell could get money for the ridi—
culous politics conference, certainly we
can find someone to blow the wad on a
ﬁveyear program.)

Anyway, wouldn't it be nice to act on
something useful before Harvard did —-
just once?

ﬂ

Gray Before Their Time

By ED HIRSCH

It is my contention that the “Grinnell
experience" is a logical exercise in
denying creativity as long as the edu-
cational system exists in its present
institutional form. It doesn't take a
freshman long to learn the ways of life
in the Grinnell game. First of all there
is a professor who sits elevated at the
front of the classroom and then there
are students who sit below in neat
rows, pencils deftly poised. The pmfes-
sor then speaks. Pencils begin to fly as
pearls of wisdom drop from the lead
er's mouth. Later there will be a test
and a certification that the student
“knows" the material 2.5 well or 3.0
or whatever his particular talents rec-
ommend.

After one year at Grinnell my imme-
diate reaction is that the system or the
people within the system are in serious
need of change if education is to be
come relevant. As long as there is a
professor judging a student by dan-
gling a grade over his head (Grinnell
terms put it more humanely) there can
be little real communication between
professor and student. This system has
been indoctrinated as the best of all pos-
sible worlds so well that students ac-
tually believe education consists of
memorizing the professor's concepts
and applying them to his general ques-

 

Best of Luck
G raduates!

H amman's A pparei

Former Prof Comments—

Eastman Calls for Action

(Editors note: The following is an
excerpt from a letter written by Mr.
George Eastman, Assoc. Prof. of social
Foundations, State Uruverslty of New
York at Buffalo. Mr. Eastman was an
Instructor in Grinnell‘s Education De-
partment two years ago. Dated 28
October, 1968, and addressed to Kath<
leen Shea, Secretary of the Curricu~
rum Committee, this letter is unfor-
tunately just as relevant today as it al-
ways has been, and perhaps always
will be. The letter is reproduced with
the consent of the author.)

I believe that college and university
education, and, by extension, elementary
and secondary schooling, is dangerously
anachronistic, What your student com-
mittee ought to do is to throw oft -
insofar as possible —— your prior and
current conditioning and, Cartesianlike,
try to begin de hove. Ask yourself, what
do you really want to do, what to know
about, what excites you, absorbs you,
makes you happy? Do you know? You
will iind it dilﬁcult to answer these
questions. and the very difficulty attests
to the success with which your educa-
tion has led to self-alienation, Educac
tion is synonymous with coming to know
and to accept one's self. This means
that the first task of a college, espe-
cially, must be to help its students to
iind out what i8 years of exposure to a
particular society and its institutions had
made of them. You realize that up un<
til it or 15 you are largely unconscious of
what you are and how you get that way.
Yet you cannot be said to have free

z:

lion at the semester’s end. This con-
stitutes comprehension of the material,

Education too often is Characterized
by two separate entities (student and
professor) rather than two people interA
relating. Literature, for example, is a
medium which demands a response not
only as a literary critic, but as a man.
There is a need to discuss content as
well as structure Often there is a need
for a poem to be responded to emo~
tionally all well as intellectually.
What poet writes primarily for lit-
erary critics? I would contend that
the purpose of the English department
is more than the molding 0i 8 literary
critic: it is the development of an in
dividual to whose life literature applies.

it doesn’t take long for a student who
wants specific educational opportunities,
which Grinnell does not organizationally
oiier, to learn that Grinnell will not ex-
tend its concept of a liberally educated
student very far. Thus a student who
wants a truly creative and individual
program finds that the system will not
meet his personal needs. He is left with
the altematives of: 1) going elsewhere;
2) staying and bending his ideas of what
he should be leanung to what Grinnell
thinks he should be learning, or 3) at-
tempting to go through the system and
learn what he feels he must at the ex-
pense of What he is being taught. in
other words he can play the game just
enough.

The point is that a student should be
able to decide what he needs to learn
with the help at Grinnell, rather than
because of the orders of Grinnell. He
should be able to learn What he feels
is necessary with the guidance of Grin-
nell, rather than in spite of Grinnell. .
As the institution presently exists the ,
to not the case. ,

(him to change — to become other than
you are — unless you know what you are
to begin with. So one question is: What
kind of college program (elementary
and high school and graduate school)
will enable me to gain critical self-
insight —- will enable me to find out who
the hell i am? ‘
STUDENT CURRICULUM noise
COMMITTEE MATERIAL

The reason that i had to take such ex-
treme action and resign from the nave
man Committee (faculty curriculum
committee) is that it was not just lgnon
ant of alternative educational philosov
phies, but positively resisted and 0p~
posed consideration of them. There is no
reason, for example, why 6, C. could
not begin an experimental college track
with absolutely no requirements, such
that a student might after a year or
perhaps two years, or perhaps six or
seven years, trike qualifying exams and
on that basis be awarded the "Great
Pumpkin Diplomat". There is no reason,
for another example, why group therapy
can not be made part of the educational
program, with course work and dormla
tory (and vacations) experience being
seen as lab situations where one ap—
proaches life with a bold, open»minded
experimentalism.

But G. C. has found a sure thing in
imitating a model of ivy-league educa-
tion that had its prime just prior to
World War ll, and the predominantly
well—heeled middlerclass parents wanl
their children to he products of a sure
thing — a sure means of moving ever up-
ward on the social ladder — excelsiori
Yes, even given a conservative reac-
tionary Board of Trustees, and a con.
servative President, and a controlling
iaculty clique whose scli-proiectiveness
verges on paranoia, there is hope Vir-
ginia. There is no Santy, but there is
hope at Grinnell. Why?

Eventually G.C. must give in, and must
adopt itself to the changed mentality
and ethos of the oncoming generations
of both Students and faculty, This is
your role — to bring pressure upon the
existing sources of power in the College
in order to move them toward genuinu
policy changes. By pressure I mean,
iirst, helping the student body to real-
ize they are being exposed to an educac
tion that seeks to submerge the self
into a model of corporation men and
women — men who will dutifully raise
profits and women who will dutifully
raise children to emulate their daddies.
Second, to organize, on your own, and
demonstrate in downtown Grinnell,
around Leggett‘s and Stauss‘ homes, all»
night vigils, put ads in the Grinnell l-ler-
nld Register. Third, do not demonstrate
and argue for the elimination of anything
without having a well worked out, ieasi~
ble alternative that can immediately rc—
place it.

So, Kathleen, I would urge your com-
mittee to adopt a radical stance: recog-
niw the Policy and Curriculum Commit-
tee report for what it is — the rankest
kind of academic tokenism; and advance
yourself some genuine policy and currir
culum alternatives. Listen to yourselves
for a change. Have your committee walk
down to Arbor Lake or drive out to
Rock Creek lake and listen — listen to
your own hearts and minds —- and do
your thing; for man, so long as he’s
estranged from himself, is among the
walking dead — the ambulatory corpse:
so readily absorbed into our techno-
rocioeconomic structures.

George Eastman . ' '
~ Assoc. Prod. of Social erndatiol

 

Iliursiiay May 29, mo

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Five

 

Make Waves, Not Slaves

RANCE '

Must sc s have probably spent the
last couple or weeks irantically finish-
ing term papers and RE. requirements,
or being bored and getting drunk, but
some, at least, have been thinking about
what it‘s going to mean to get that
diploma on Friday. For a lot at us, our
Grinneil education has meant four
damn frustrating years trying to learn
some things. and trying to teach others
some things. and accomplishing neither
satisfactorily,

The faculty Is all very responsive
when you go to them and say, "Teach
men" —- that's their career ambition.
after .11, to teach you. of course,
ﬁley'n not penect — they’re still
people end they like to play their little
ego-games by impressing their students
with their intellectual snobbery, and they
like to assert their superiority by sit-
ting apart in the Cafe del Faculty over
in the Forum, and they like to ignore
you outside the classroom whenever
they can. But they’re not so bad as
teachers, [guess i mean, We learned
something while I've been here, and
since I plan to be a college teacher, too,
I can't think they’re all bad.

it was in trying to leach others that
the fruslralions really came, because,
my God, nobody who‘s not a student
thinks he has anything to learn, and
most students don’t think anybody can
teach them except those exalted tar.
ulty members. We won control of
student government to try to use that
as a pulpit. But the students wouldn’t
listen because we hadn’t solicited
their non-opinions tirst, and the high
enups wouldn't listen because they
were higher up. To occupy our time
they gave us representation on token
faculty committees, but we soon
found out that we couldn’t teach the
raculry anything that way; they
were the ones who taught us, only
this time we learned how closed-
minded they were. We tried to point
out some or the obvious nicongruities
on (humus — Porter woods’ doml«
natiol or Roberts Theater, the abom-
inable uuallty of Saga food, the shame
or minty acquiescence to that monu-
ment to sport that now nobody wants,
contradictory social restrictions (“if
you can‘t obey residence hall rules

you must move 'off campus, but we

won’t extend the off-campus living

option“).

Given the response to these issues —
bureaucratic entanglement at best, but
most usually ilat reiusals to consider
problems — it was rutile to hnpe that
this community would direct its alteri-
tion to larger issues, like, yes, the war,
and the militaryindustrinl conspiracy.
and poverty (student initiative sure
bagged the faculty intellectuals on that
one), We‘d gotten used to student np<
othy, but maybe the reason they hadn’t
been motivated In even is minimum
level 01 activity was because the faculty
had been so damned apathetic them-
selves.

We asked the college to take a cor-
porate stand on some of the evils of
the day, but no, they would plead
“Academic Freedom.” Even the lady at
JD's will tell you, our freedoms are
killing us, What they really meant by
academic freedom was that they
couldn't risk involving their life-giving
alumni in making a value judgment
by saying what must be said. “Aca<
demic freedom” had nothing to do with
it. So the faculty and administration
were slaves to the alumni, all along,
and as long as they turned out well-
mannered, intelligent, disciplined boys
and girls, the alumni would continue to
pay their salaries.

So the world goes In hell, but we're
sitting pretty in this cornfield and
why make waves? And that’s what
makes Grinnell College the sick place
it has been these four years. Nobody
will make waves; nobody will stand
up and say that there are some se-
rious problems and why doesn’t the
college get off its alumni-licking
bottom and start training people to
contront them (the alumni probably
are the military-industrial complex),
and confront them itself?

I would like to quote the Amherst
statement here. in which Amhersi‘s
president, Calvin Plimptnn, has quite
adequately redeemed himself for his be-

havior at Convocation last year.

“. . . We have also as a college ems
braced a new sense of urgency of an-
other kind. We believe ihal. we must
speak out to make clear that much of
the turmoil among young people and

among those who are dedicated to
humane and reasonable changes will con<
tinue.

“it will continue until you (President
Nixon) and the other political leaders of
our country address more effectively,
massively. and persistently the major
social and foreign problems of our so-
ciety, Part or this turmoil in univer-
sities derives from the distance sepa-
rating the American dream from the
American reality.

“institutions dedicated to the nurture,
husbanding, and growth of cn'ticnl in-
telligence, and to inquiry into basic
problems cannot but open people's eyes
in the shoddiness of many aspects 0!
our society,

“. . l The pervasive and insistent dis-
quiet on many campuses throughout the
nation indicates that unrest results, not
from A conspiracy by A few, but from
a shared sense that the nation has no
adequate plans for meeting the crises
oi our society. To name only one issue
of special concern to the studenu: since
the Kcrner Commission’s report, there
has been no decisive response to its
recommendations

“We do not say that all the problems
faced by colleges and universities are
a reflection of the malaise of the larger
society. This is not true. But we do say
that until political leadership addresses
itself to the major problems of our so
ciety —— the huge expenditure of national
resources for military purposes, the in<
equities practiced by the present draft
system, the critical needs of America's
23,000.01» poor, the unequal division or
our life on racial issues — until this
happens, the concern and energy of
those who know the need for change
will seek outlets for their frustration.

”We realize that in writing this letter
we have taken the unusual step or
speaking publicly for our community on
pressing issues of the moment. We do
this out of an urgent concern to ques-
tion the widely held view that univer-
sity unrest is merely an internal prob-
lem, or at most fomented by an outside
influence.

“More, we beiieva that if political
leaders act on this mistaken assump-
tion, their actions will serve only to
widen the separations within the univer-
sity and between the universities and
society at large."

Pllmpton is right, you see, and un-
tu the corporate Grinnell college coin-

 

PiIIs, Pills, Pills

NOW THAT WE HAVE YOUR UNDIVIDED
ATTENTION. {he only Pill we don't handle is a
Success Pill. bur

BEST WISHES ANYWAY
MATHEWS DRUGS

munity realizes that and acts accord-
ingly, this college will remain the

same stagnant hole that it has been
since i‘ve known it, turning out the

same gray nun-thinking graduates
spewing the pre-programmed liber
ism and logic that was instilled in
then. during their four gray years
here.

Well, l'm glad to get out, because I‘m
really tired of this place. I'm too tired
to burn my diploma or disrupt Com<
mencement to show how i feel, or
maybe I would, Bu! ! got so tired from
beating my head against the intransi-
gence of taculty and administration. it
will probably be worse when I go out
into the Big World, because all those
people out there aio really Grinneil
alumni who have such I vlcctlike grip
over this college and others, it seems.
I’ll have A Grinnell B.A.. but I'm not
too proud or that. Guess I'll just have
to live with it, though, and hope that
some day soon my' disgusting Alma
Mater will shape up.

Rah! Rah! Sis Boom

BLAH!

By DIANE POMERANCE

Members of the senior class of Grin-
nell, 1969, welcome, welcome, welcome
to the Alumni Association. You are now
lifelong members of this wonderful 0r-
ganization which will help reiresh your
fond memories of college days when
those happy recollections are growing
dim (and when your will to contribute
is fading, too).

But let me clear up a Jew mistaken
impressions — the Alumili Association
is not out for your money. No, thank
goodness—our sole purpose in life is to
keep the Grinnell mmily united, in spirit
at least, so that your Grinnell experience
will never die.

Here are some of the exciting things
that happen to you when you become a
member Hf the Alumni Association:
first of all, a big 'census card’ is ﬁlled
out, which contains all kinds of useful
information about you: when and why
you were suspended for a semester.
your major, your many (Grinneli stu-
dents are such activists) student ao-
tivities such as Circle K and Theta
Kappa iota Mu (no room on the card
(or SDS or Guerilla Theater), your race
and religion. There are many blank
spaces on the cards for us at the Alum-
ni Office to acid your occupation, further
schooling, and civic activities like Jun:
ior Chamber of Commerce and P.E,0.
— that's far when all you ’69ers finally
make it in the world. We like to keep
our records up to date (so we know
how much money you are able to give),
so do keep in touch, won't you?

But in retum for [his small amount
of luiormatiori that you give us, here
is the wealth of service you, the Grin-
nell alumnus, Will receive:

The Grinnell Magazine, that timely
journal that will keep you posted on
What's up at Grinnell. A special feature
that you will surely enjoy is the People
You Know column. Compiled from per-
sonal notes, press clippings, and the
watchful eyes and ears of the Bureau
of Criminal Investigation, PYK will till
you in on all the gossip.

You, the members of the Class of
1969. will also receive quarterly Class
Letters. Although these letters are pre«
pared by your Class Agent, they are
written by YOUllll You will write your
class agent and tell him or her all the
good things that happen in your lifel
like the down-payment on your ﬁrst

BLAH
(Canllnued Page 1., Column lJ

 

SCARLET AND BLACK ‘ Thurx'day May

...____._...:

”6‘7 — SPRING HAPPENING

Fiﬁ E’Mﬁ
. A? A MAME

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oct. 1968 — "KID" MELLMAN. IHE PEOPLE'S HOMECOMING QUEEN

NOV" "6| — LIIEIALIIATION OF ‘30-“) VISITATION POLICY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
     

 

APRIL. 1969 — ROTC PROTESTED AT FACULTY MEETING

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MAY. 1969 — THE FLAG INVERSEON

"@Mﬁ g 5‘ T
5"

 

 

 

 

> m

FE .. [769 —- THE PLAYBOY PROTEST ‘ _ , .
NOV“ 1’“ — THE SAGA STRIKE

we Eloll'f “'*

SCARLET AND BEACK

 

Hopeful Educational Fronds Described

By DONALD R. LIGGETT
Assoc. Prof. of Education

Some changes are being made in
Grinneil College which deserve some
note — and some strengthening. When
i was asked to say what changes ought
to be made in the college, my mind fell
in the rut; of what is possible. That
which is most possible to me seems to
be an acceleration of some trends now
extant.

I really believe that a gradual evolu-
tion is going on in higher education (and
that includes Grinnell College). Much
of this evolution will improve the learn-
ing going onsln Grinnell but much or it
should go on substantially faster than
It has been.

I'd like to concentrate here on three
trends that i feel ought to be strength-
ened and hastened: -u trend toward a
program more related to the problems
outside the college, a trend toward more
student involvement prior to decision
making in the college, and a changed
emphasis on grades. Let me tackle
these one ata time.

Over the past few years, much has
happened to Grinnell to make the Grim
neli experience more relevant (to use
the hackneycd but: still useful term),
and to get the students involved in the
problems of our society. Some of this
change is reflected in the academic
program of the college and more of it
shows in the activities and interests of
the students, Unfortunately, the prob—
lems of the outside world have not yet
divided themselves into the academia
disciplines of higher education. An in<
terdisciplinary approach is required and
interdisciplinary studies are increasing
in the college — the slowly evolving
Upper Class Secondary Field program
and the Social Studies courses are two
examples. while neither of these pro-
grams can yet he called a great suc-
cess, both are experiments in the right
direction. in the next academic year
we will see some new experiments in
interdisciplinary approaches. The proh-

lelmmniation, not con-

cept and purpose. The hazard is that
we might give up too soon. Colleges al'o
inexperienced w i t h interdisciplinary
programs and they are difficult to op
crate. Grinneil has in the past slowly
abandoned them — to wit, elementary
education, business administration, and
ROTC. For ROTC, l'm thinking of the
change in ROTC of a few years back,
not this year's changes. At one time
ROTC students took ROTC courses
from regular Grinnell professors in our
regular academic disciplines, rather
than from military officers — who, it
seems to be now believed, can better
integrate the academic disciplines to
the specific problems of this vacation.
I'm not arguing whether mrrc should

1» on campus but I would like to diets

that as soon as the college does involve
itself in training for any problems or
vocations it will have to wrestle with
moral priorities. And the members of
the community will have to be toler-
ant of people with different prioritie-
on what problems the college should
concern itself with.

Another healthy aspect of the interest
in areas beyond the problem in aca-
demic disciplines is the increase in the
students on foreign study leaves. Tho
intellectual gains from ioreign study are
not easily classified into academic dis—
ciplines, but. the college now insists that
these gains be dissected into subject
fields in order to be transcriptized. This
silliness has been transcended in other
liberal arts colleges and will in clue
course come to pass at Grinnell. Some
faculty members still have a gut reac-
ﬁlm that intellectual activity is proper
only when conducted in the confines of
an academic discipline. This reaction
is fading, and the faster it fades the
better lor the overall program.

incorporating this type of study in a
liberal arts mllege arouses high feelings
in liberal arts devotees, It is not
agreed that a liberal education is more

than a study of tho academic dis-
ciplines. Some academics do not be~
lieve a liberal education involves any
attempt to relate these disciplines to
specific problems in society; such is not
a part of a liberal education. In my
View this non-application is too sterile.
I would rather see the furor which will
result when the political scientist and
the psychologist clash on what should
be done in the slums. i will even enjoy
the furor which will come when the
drive toward: relevancy confronts the
part of the college which regards this
as a heresy in the college.

The second trend I would like to
speed up is the one towards more .stu-
dent involvement in the discussion:
prior to decision making. We now have
students on Educational Policy Com-
mittees, we have a resolution from the
faculty expressing an intent to incorpor<
ate students in faculty meeting discus-
sions. and many departments have in.
oorporated students in departmental
decision making, Students have insights
and knowledge which make them valu-
able participants in discussions, and
the use of this competency should in-
crease.

The last trend — the deemphasis on
grades — is admittedly the weakest of
the three from the standpoint of pro-
gress made, but a most important area
of change. We now have a credit-fail
option, and the social studies course last
fall was not only credit-fail but ungrad—
ed. Grades in their present form are a
major block to honest communication
between professor and student. student
behavior is too often determined by a
concept of what will get a good grade
and too little by what will increase
learning. While it is to be hoped that
grades correlate to some extent with
learning, it is no secret that they do
not always correlate. and when they
don‘t, the system has reinforced the
students who pursues grades rather than
the student who pursues learning. Per-
ceptive students have always recognized

urinary May it. not

this, but it is resented more than when I
was in school. We were more Willing to
accept the wisdom of the prof — and
I’m not at all sure we were right. Ono
of the problems in changing grading is
that too few college professors have
Studied testing as a technical ileid to be
sure of themselves ill this field. For
all ot the emphasis on grading and test-
ing in colleges, most teachers have a
basically antivilliellectual attitude [0‘
wards the study of testing. Too many col-
lege tests are essentially amateurish and
unprofessional — and thus relatively in-
valid. The lack of validity is confirmed
by numemus studies which show very
little correlation between college grades
and any criteria of later accomplishment,
My hope here is not that the college
abandon evaluation. because evaluation
is necessary both to measure progress
in an educational program and to iacll<
hate the certification responsibilities of
the school. The hope is that we can find
some way to make the evaluation sys-
tem support rather than frustrau the
learning and teaching efforts. Till! will
require that college teachers acquire
more of the body of information on [esp
ing and become more open to changes in
present grading procedures. As ii men-
tioned earlier I see less progress her.
than in the other areas. but i feel im-
provement in this area would allow I
major' improvement in the education of
students.

) Talk

(condoned from Page 12)

points are thoughts, not part of a manl-
festo for change. manisiestocs In art
were sprung sixty years ago, as were
some political “manisfesms”. thoughts
are apt currency in a mass media age
and i am writing thoughts ior a limited
mass in hopes of truth, beauty and
PEACE. proverbs SIS—“All the words of
my mouth are in righteousness; there is
nothing forward or perverse in them.
They are all plain to him that under-
standeth, and right to them than ﬁnd
knowledge. Receive my instruction, and
not silver; and knowledge rather than
choice gold," Good night.

 

What's So Special
About Graduates of
Grinnell College?

We hope the past four years
have been good “growing"
years for you and that you will
carry with you much of your
enthusiasm and concern for

people. (That's what is spe-

cial).

We hope that you have en-
joyed the leisure moments you
have spent in King's and that
you may have noticed that we
too, care about people.

Good Luck

BRUCE BEYMER

Owner-Manny"
KING'S FOOD HOST

‘ l
l

Capitalize
On Your
Opportunities!

POWESHIEKWMBANK

4th & Broad/5U! ‘ Wm - Erinnoll

u-m-mmm

Y

 

Thun'doy May 19. WW

SCARLET AND BEACK

Love is the Only Salvation

By BOB VAN WYCK

! am presently seeking Conscientious
Objector status with the Selective Serv-
ice. I have come to the realization that
I cannot participate in a military ma-
chine which wantonly destroys human
lives. I object to war in any form on
the grounds that all war is a negation
of love, and love is, I feel. the only
salvation of mankind.

I wish I had thought about the CD.
alternative years ago. but at is i knew
very little about myself and my relation
to the world. I think that naivete is a
legitimate reason for not requesting a
8.0. at 18, but few draft boards do.
Most draft boards feel that CO. status
belongs only to a few indoctrinated
youths; they feel there is no real in-
dividual decision involved. Believe me,
there is — and the decision is a rugged
one.

The idea that 0.0. status belongs to
a Ielect few is not limited to draft
boards. Many students have the same
misconception. An examination of re-
cent Supreme Court cases, particularly
the Seeger decision, reveal that many
more persons are qualified than apply.

The court has considered the Su«
prune Being clause, and insisted only
that the beliefs of Ihe individual must
be parallel to those focusing on a
Supreme Being in an orthodox rar
ligious system. in other words, a be-
lief, religions in nature, which oocih
pics the same place in an individual‘s
life as does a Supreme Being in the
ills of u person obviously qualifying

for the 0.0., legally satisfies the re
quirements.

Since the Seeger decision, Congress has
reiterated its insistence that 0.0. status
be “by reason of religious training and
belief,” and not “essentially political,
sociological, or philosophical views, or
merely a personal moral code." Cases
which further test the legality of these
restrictions are pending in the Supreme
Court. The insistence upon religious
training and belief is designed by Con-
gress to give a draft board guidelines,
and to make the individual tie his be-
liefs to an individual background,
against which his sincerity can be eas.
lly judged.

It must be stressed. however, that
no particular type, formal or informal,
of religious training and belief anti»
matically excludes the possibllilty of
attaining C. 0. status. One need not be
I devout Quaker to quality. Until you
read a wide range of material of
the CO. position, for God’n sake
don't automatically presume you’re
illeligibie.

Anyone who is interested in seeking
alternatives to the draft should look into
the possibilities of obtaining C 0. status.
You can get a C.0. handbook from
any local draft counseling service, or
for $1 from the Central Committee for
Conscientious Objection, 2016 Walnut
St., Philadelphia, Pa.

If you feel you conscientlolmiy ob-
ject to war, start planning NOW!
Don’t waitl You have as much right
as a draft board to decide the course
of your life. Perhaps even a little
more.

Best Wishes
For a Happy Fuiure

TOWN 8c COUNTRY

BEST WISHES
CLASS OF '69

Moyer’s East End Grocery

If You've Walked
a Mile for Your VB.A.
COME SEE US!

Moyer's Shoe Service

Wnside is Out
And Your Outside is In

So Come On

By RICK EXNER

It seems a bit strange to be writing
to other people when I can hardly talk
to myself most of the time. The truly
public poet is a prostitute. But words
proceed, as a certain knowledge lives
apart from feeling.

You hand in the last paper and you
realize that you can die. You have
completed the required portion of life
and are now on your socalled own.
You will take a number of breaths and
then you will meet your Maker.

Certainly every graduate isn’t so
badly-off. A lot of us have plans. I am
talking about those of us (or that part
of us all) who are simply wanting to
know what we want, and who have
spent the year trying to calm down
enough to ask the question. This college
is a thinking place, not particularly a
knowing place, You think in the biol-
ogy lab. You know at the bio. preserve.
For a second we all knew in Gates
Lounge. Today in Montezuma we tried
to decide whether Jim Lew actually
could have seen part of Molly Mal-
colm’s left breast. The Jury bites its
corporate lip, and next year the sociol-
ogy department comes to the aid of
social change by offering courses an-
aiyzing the neuroses of the New Left.
Never a word of actual criticism, you
understand; the social sciences recog-
nize no absolutes. A community or man
based on moral principles?—classically
pﬁmitive!

I was a guerrilla-taxi driver Saturday
when the red sun came up. Mist lay
thick in the lowland and haii—a-tree up
off the plowed flats. Driving back alone,
I wondered at my ability to hold the
mustang on the road. Who — me will?
I mean, it's been a long time. Why, I
could turn around and be on the beach
in thirty hours. I could just go, mani
New respect for the bike guys and my
friends going to Canada. Understanding
your life through the pattern of your
reactions to the environment. Maybe
the next»best thing to knowing.

But this place of writing is dedicated
also to the stationary knowers: dog
lovers, nighthuwk-heroed cottonwood
confidante. and liberated inscmnlacs in
the ring with Christians. It is to us
when we are not too preoccupied with
being impressive and un»up-tight to have
a truth live and a little beauty to give
to another traveler. it is trying to be
about how incredibly sensitive we all
are really.

I am the Wednesday-night-Longhom—
foiksinger. One night this spring about
12:30 I’m playing along to myself and
this old guy walks in and asks for a
beer at the bar. I'm doing “I Was Born
in East Virginia" — is personally favor-
ite song this year. I’m into it, and after-
ward the old man gives me the first ap-
plause of the evening. Everybody else
motionless. and he’s clapping and mum-
bling approval. So I play him the best
of my other country songs, and he acts
as if he likes them.

After I put the guitar away I sat
down beside him at the bar. His clothes
were dusty and his boots worn down. He
spoke in an alcoholic dialect almost too
thick for hearing.

“You know," he says right off, "that's
really beautiful. You have in there «
in your music — a truth. You know,
my friend, that music is the truth, and
truth is beauty - one and the same."

He showed me how to roll Bull Durs
hams with ungummed papers. Said be
was travelling through from Kansas.
where he had secured a copy of his
birth certificate in order to collect on
Social Security. He'd spent the day in
the woods, he said, with a bottle of wine.
It was plain to see he wasn’t popular
with some people at the bar.

“This lady today. She just said ‘get
awayl get awayl' You know how some
people are.”

He finally walked home with me on
my invitation.

“These police, they get you when you
come into town with no money, and
they shake you down. Say, ‘What you
doin’. boy?’ and they grab you." He
jerks the air. ”So I have my identiti-
cations sewn right in here. in my coat.
, . . You know, I have been a working
man must of my life, on and on. Oh I
could do a good day’s work! Carpentry,
masonry, such work.”

“You know these people who thinli
they‘re better than you. Just because
they got this and that. Why. let me tell
you! I've rode the freights and We
slept outdoors; been from Florida and
Texas to Minnesota. And those people,
very often these same people who -
they don't know anythingi 'Get away
from my yard,’ they don’t know any-
thing.”

"I used to be a fighter. Want to see
what I can do? Here, put ’em up. Come
on."

We had two free beds.

"1 don’t need no bed. Many time.
i’ve slept out with only a coat. Just a
blanket and a can for wee-wee, that’s
all i need."

We set him up in the livingroom with
Mozart and the Rolling Stones.

“You know. Rick, there are so many
people and this is the first time some
one has —- 'i'll just make a little coffee
in the morning and then 111 be gone.
Just a wee- wee can and a blanket...‘

Next morning as I wonder whether
to tell him again that l have to go to
class:

“Now. Rick, I just want you to re-
member one thing. There's only one
thing that you need — and that is
Christ Christ is aIL Because, you know,
you are a God! We are all Godsl Yes
we are. and you must have Christ in
your life!”

We said goodby in the kitchen but he
stopped us again at the back door.

“Now, you've all been so good to
this old man. There’s only one more
thing I have to sayl Workers of the
world unite!"

 

Welcome, Parents and Alumni

Congratulations, Seniors
Best Wishes for the Future

rennet”

mnwwm

 

'eqe Tun

o Blah
(Continued from Yoga 5)

luburban eplitdevel home, that big
transter from Omaha to Cedar Rapids,
election to the state PTA board. 0!
course, it you want to tell about your
experiences a! Bl draft resistor. or such.
I will tool compelled to censor your lex-
ters, We cannot allow any implication oi!
advocacy to break this law of the land to
go out under the college seal. In fact,
that multlllth machine in the Service
Bureau is specially programmed to stop
eutornatloelly before printing any sedi-
tious or obscene material.

Your Class Agent will last I lltetlmel
leaner then you think, you will be read-
ing about clessmntes’ children attend-
ing Grlnnell. and then grandchildren,
Won’t that give you n thrill when
you're uventy years oldl

Speaking of children. do let us know
when ouch and every one of yours in
horn. because we would like to send
you a CHIP CERTIFICATE These 31'.
lovely documents, suitable for iraming,
that welcome your child an an official
Grinnell Chip. The certificates are
written in scarlet and black ink, with A
lovely border design ot iootoall players
end cheerleaders running in and out of
the words to one of Grinnell's timeless
pep songs.

But you need not retain contact with
Grlnnell College only vicariously. Begin-
ning in 1974, and every five years there-
after, your class will hold a Reunion

SCARLET AND BLACK

Thursday May ii. mt

 

right he" in Grinnell, during Com-
mencement weekend. You will come
back to enjoy Grinnell just like you did
when you were an undergraduate -
getting drunk and chasing aiier girls.

The best part or all this is that your '

membership in the Alumni Association
is — YIPPIEI — absolutely treel The
expenses or printing and mailing maga-
zines. class letters, alumni directories
(a complete listing or all 14,000 living
alums, by name, maiden name, class,
and geographic location — u truly
amazing document), reunion reminders,
chip certificates; are paid for out of
voluntary contributions. or course, since
Grinnell College is one big tamily, we
know you will wmt to help. The Devel-
opment Office and Alumni Office Shari
our files, and mailing lists, 50 you will
also receive numerous -— but testefully
designed —- nppclels for funds. You can
request to have your name removed
min the mailing list it you really want
to, but this means that you will become,
to Grimell College, a ’lost’ person, and
you'll never hear from Grimell again.
Now wouldn't that be sad?

And anyway, just think or the good
work your contributions will do. They
will support the college that you want
to remember. Because as long as the
alumni continue to support Grinnell
College, they can always morally con.
demn those hippierweirdoireaks who
try to spoil everything all the time.
Mum than being tor the students, Grim
nell is for the alumni, and don’t you
forget it.

 

GOOD LUCK. SENIORS

Nice To Have Hold You
With Us!

MILL'S COLOR WHEEL

 

Congratulations. Seniors

THANKS FOR BUYING OUR BOOTS

Welcome. Class of '29

ARNOLD'S SHOES

 

Good Luck In The
Years Ahead

Z imm's
COAST-TO-COAST

Human Biology Seminar — A New Approach

By RON STEINHORN

The seminar in human biology was
first created by Sheldon Parzen to be
a new Approach in leaching various
topics in biology. This year's Science I
sequence for example was based around
the general theme ”evolution ot strut»
lure," and had been less than success-
ful in arousing interest, a: have all the
introductory biology sequences tried here
during the past several yearn. In con~
tmst, the idea of the human biology
course is to organize the traditional
topics or biology; genetics, embryology.
anatomy, physiology. ecology, evolution,
microbiology, and others around their
presence in the human being. The great
advantage at this presentation in an in-
troductory biology course is that interest
can be easily created since the appli-
cation of biological ideas to the stu-
dents themselves is always at the fore
iront. For the non-blo—majnl' in particular
this is useful, because only in this way

is knowledge of tile subject likely to be
useful to them in the future.

To see whether this would be a good
way oi organizing a future course, this
past semester about twelve juniors and
seniors participated in what was Called
the "human biology seminar," which
met with the Parzens every week at
their home. Not everyone in the seminar
was a biologist. One was in psychology
and another in American Studies. As
timo went on, it became obvious that

these ditierent perspectives on the hu-
man being were extremely important tor
the group.

At the slant, the group made a plan of
topics to be covered The general format.
01 a session was that one or several peo:
ple would report on certain of the select-

» ed topics. This worked out so that each

person reported every three or four
weeks. The presentations always pro.
volred much discussion and reaction and
the seminar invariably lasted for about
three hours each time as the result of
the reaction the reports provoked This
bore out the initial feeling that it would
not be necessary for everybody to pre‘
pare material or read for all the ses-
sions, since most of the members had
background! extensive enough so thst
the inmrmation was not without refer-
ence to subjects previously studied.

it is sate to say that everyone who was
in the seminar tell it was a great suo<
cess. Those who had a lot of biologi-
cal training before saw new aspects and
applications of areas previously studied
while the non-biologists felt, perhaps
for the first time, the means and extent
to which biological pmcesses influence
and control our lives These factors,
along with the intense discussion and ex<
cilement which were always present and
which are the mark of any meaningful
learning experience make a course in
human biology seem a real alternative
to traditional ways of biological teaching.

 

Congratulations,

You've Made
A Good Beginning

Brown's Shoe Fit
Company

 

Ahrv and
The Chef

wish to ioin Tom and Belle

in wishing you Happiness

and ihe Bes’r of Luck. always

AI-IRVANO'S PIZZA

TOM Ir BETTE GARBISON

235-6121

 

hursday May 29. P759

SCARLET AND BLACK

Page Eleven

 

ROTC Reversal

Faculty Frustraies Student

oy TED GLICK

On Monday, May 19, the faculty once
again showed their lack of conscience
and their low opinion of the students
of the institution. At the last faculty
meeting of the year, while students
were engaged in writing papers and
taking ﬁnals, a motion was unexpected»
iy sprung on an uninformed faculty ask-
ing for a reversal of the previous deci-
sion to remove academic credit from
ROTC in 1570. Mr. Vanderpool, one of
the members of the committee set up
to look further into the ROTC question,
presented this motion, and it was passed
47735. Reasons for Ibis action are yet
to be put forth by Vanderpool or any
other member of the faculty to the stu-
dents.

, What does this action mean? To me it
means two things. First, it is clear that
when the faculty made their initial de-
crsion to remove academic credit from
ROTC the reason was not one of moral
principle; rather it must have been
primarily one of the academic merit
(or lack of it) of the courses. The sec~
ond thing to be learned from this action

' is that it shows once again what the
faculty, as a collective unit, thinks about
the students — they think of them as
"loggers”.

"Doing the right thing for the wrong
reason” is something we are continually
being wsrned against doing. But, as is
too often the case, our supposed “su-
parlors” did just the thing which most
or them counsel against. They were
either too conscienceless or too naive
to see that a continuation of ROTC on

' this campus will do nothing but increase
the amount of men who serve this
coiuitry under the facade of “defense”,
but in fact as agents of oppression in
conflicts such as Vietnam.

Operating under the illogical assump-

‘ lion that this is 1945 and that the United
States is not an imperial power, they
Show their blindness, be it a moral
blindness or simply a blindness of per
ception, of what this country is really

about. Either of these reasons is not
excusable at a, supposedly, "good"
school like Grinnell.

The second point is just as important
as the first. Students at Grinnell, as
well as at virtually all other pubic
schools and colleges, are treated as
“niggers”. The secretiveness of the
motion and the tact that it was put
forth at the last faculty meeting or
the year, ill the final minutes, and dur-
ing finals week, shows where the
minds of at least some, and probably
a majority of the facility, lie. They
think of students as second‘class Citir
zcns, not worthy of having a real voice
in their education and not worthy of
being notified of plans to reverse what
had been decided on before largely as
a result of student pressure.

These aie the two reasons why 1 de-
cided to go on a hunger strike to try
and move the conscience of those who
so obviously need some pressure to get
moving. The faculty should consider
themselves lucky that it was a last and
not some other action that would have
“horrified" them (Columbia, Harvard.
Berkeley, Stanford — dig it?) That is
not to say that such an action is not in
the foreseeable future; I will be very
surprised it next year does not bring
enough student agitation to make this
year's actions look like parity raids and
1950's pranks.

As this issue of the sets goes to press
the ROTC issue has yet to be decrded.
it would he gratirying and surprising if
the faculty did decide to stick to their
first decision decided upon earlier »—<
an elimination of ROTC credit. How-
ever, no matter what the faculty de-
cides to do on this issue, it is clear that
the continued high»handedness of the
faculty in all areas of college life will
next year bring increased student pres-
sure and militance on all fronts for a
role not as niggers but as human beings
with power to control their own lives.

We, the students, don’t want to and
aren’t going to be treated like niggers
any more.

Compliments of

Harry's Sport Shop

 

Best Wishes, Seniors

Celebrate Your
Accomplishments With Us!

t

rain 5 Louauonu

”Fine Food in a Friendly
Western Atmosphere”

Profs Rethink
Rolf: Issue

In the wake of several weeks of in-
decisiveness about the withdrawal of
academic credit from the college ROTC
program, the faculty is presently voting
on a final recommendation as to when
accreditation of Aerospace Studies
courses should cease.

President Leggett on Tuesday sent a
ballot to all faculty members asking
them to vote on whether ROTC credit
should be continued until June, 1972
(when the Air Force plans to have totalr
ly phased out ROTC at Grinnell) or if it
should be discontinued after Sept. 1, 1970
(as the iacuity recommended 47-40 on
Apr. 7.)

At a May 19 meeting the faculty voted
47434 to alter its original decision and
recommended that academic credit for
ROTC courses he continued until June.
1972. A majority of the faculty at that
time apparently believed that the Air
Force’s decision to phase out ROTC at
Grinnell made the earlier recommenda-
tion unnecessary.

However, a special faculty meeting
was called last week after the executive
council received a petition signed by 13
faculty members asking that the faculty
reconsider the question of when ROTC
credit should be terminated. The mat-
ter was discussed at a full faculty meet—
ing last Monday, and a committee was
appointed to draw up the ballot that is
presently being circulated, President
Leggett has asked that all ballots he
returned by 5 pm this Friday.

Monday’s special faculty meeting was
called after sophomore J. Theodore Glick
began fasting on May 20 to protest the

To demonstrate our concern
over the Vietnam conﬂict, Grin-
neirs flag is tlyiiig at hall—mast
over central campus, and will
continue to do so until the end

 

 

of the cris'

faculty’s reversal of its earlier- ROTO
recommendation. Glick sent a» letter to
all professors informing them that he
would not eat. until the faculty. met to
reconsider the ROTC matter. He ended
his 3—day hunger strike after learning
that the executive council hadiealled tho
speual meeting.

President Leggett told the SH) that his
recommendation to the board of- trust-
ees on the status of ROTC credit Will
probably be based upon the faculty re-
commendation that will be finalized when
the ballots are counted on Friday.

 

denominations

$9 Grads

It's Been A Pleasure

Doing Business With You

GOOD-BYE . . .
AND GOOD LUCK

R&J FABRIC
CUNNINGHAM DRUGS
LEEPER MUSIC CO.

» GIFTS INTERNATIONAL
BRYAN'S SHOE SERVICE

THARP PHARMACY
ELLA'S FLOWERS
SANITARY BARBER SHOI’
POYNTER'S

4th Avenue Fashions, Inc.

 

'19. Twolvo

SCARLET AND BLACK

 

i talk 01‘ the town I

(Editor’s note: The following column
was written at the time of the Play-
hoy incident by one of Iha participants
In order to explain the meaning of
her Ictlom. We were unable to pre-
sent this so much needed explanation,
due to the impending legal investiga.
thin. We feel that it is a very honest
appraisal of her actions, which may
shed a new light on the meaning of
the incident and show how unfounded
any charge of "obscenity” must be.)

By FREDRICKA NELSON

the talk of the town for two weeks now
and running is of the demonstrators.
this week’s herald-register has made
trout page news of the a oi us and our
friends, the state investigators. we all
merit a special heavy print black box on
page one of tact and speculation (a mis-
demeanor? or “conspiracy to commit
tin illegal act.”) about the incident that
"happened" at grinnell and has subse-
quently become everyman's alter dinner
conversation piece.

as a participant claiming consider-
able responsibility tor “getting us out of
rhetoric" and originating ACTION. 1
Would like to reply to everymau;

l) stripping in this case was not
purient since for me it meant asking
the person i call myself if i had the
strength of conviction to accept my body
the way it is. lots of words aild people
chatter at you in adolescence and in your
mature lile; “blonds have more fun,"
“she's ugly because she's fat," you
think about looking groovy (sexy) for the
tlrst dance in high school, we worry
about complexioiis (black or white, dap-
pled or smooth). as a matter or fact, you
might miss that second kiss while you
morbidly ease your hair back into place.

i had this subversive thought: first
you have to MAKE yourself believe you
ARE BEAUTIFUL. nobody can say how
averyman Will think if he doesn't ﬁnd
out how he thinks a and that’s what i
call a problem of INTERNALIZATION.
now we have decisiorrtime. can you
think how you would feel if you took on
your clothes for a principle instead of
for a bath or for making love?

2) i took off my clothes, initially, as
an act of faith. faith in ME, for a change,
and faith in my “radical" friends. one
act in exchange for words can serve as
h mover for new commitment in any
area. grinnelliis all over the world need
some today, since people and institutions
like playboy tell us in so many words
that “this old wn rld o1 ours is
going down the tubes in a hundred thous-
and ways, and THERE AIN’T ANYTHIN'
,YOU CAN DO ABOUT KT, BABY—J l
have investigated multiplicity, and 1
find it awesome and part oi the Total,
but i don't want to find it impOSSIble.

3) from Mother Earth, “the kingdom
of heaven is within you.”

4) i don't want to set myself up as
one of these brilliant intellects that our
favorite concrete-man writes about. i
Want to be human and learn to do what
is meaningtul tor me; and at the same
time to accept the human condition of

not doing what is RIGHT each time I
“meaningful opportunity" comes up
grinnell calls itself liberal. but what is
liberal about the fear that “intellect"
will shock the masses? this college does-
n’t relate where it should — grinnell,
lowa. grinnell College talks in sears roe-
huck language to suburbanites on the
fringes of our cities, where the MONEY
IS.

5) now man is in the age that is per-
fectly suited by the media and by his
education to have his values for his
pillow at night. he can think them all
through and prove them on the tube,
meanwhile. running awry of any human
confrontation. i should say that we are
lacing confronted by change at such a
rapid rate that it is easy to assume
that luck or technology wlll iron out our
difficulties. many are confused about
“meaning" today, but there is a vague

possibility that we are in a TRANSIS<
TIONAL phase where the assertion of
human Values is still a useful projecti
projects are things that one does that
have a social impact and offer individual
fulfillment

6) (breakfast though) “methodology is
a farce." Evergreen Review, articles on
the “new left,” NEW issue (cont) dis-
cussions of methodology are iarces since
fear of consequences — “truth or . r ."
prolong any useful discussions of
MEANS.

7) our actions are justiﬁed on three
counts, as far as (i) can see: the initial
action was motivated by a beautiful
sentiment; the consequences for grin-
hell have the appearance at a possible
reevaluation of the institution; and (i)
have found that involvement is the way
education should operate # one shouldn't
“get byuil

8) “REVOLUTION" is simply the word
that has the most currency, which also
describes meaningful action. these eight

TALK—
(Continued Page 5, column 4)

 

CONGRATULATIONS

TO THE

GRADS

From All of Us ell

GRINNELL STATE BANK

3-Day Trial End:

Thursday May 19. I

“Grinnell 8” Are Found Guilty

A jury of four men and eight women
Wednesday found eight Grinnell students
guilty oi indecent exposure in connection
with a Feb. l5 nude protest against Play-
boy magazine in Gates Hall Lounge.

Judge it. 5. Yoder, who presided over
the three day trial in Poweshiek County
District Court, has set June 20 as the
date for sentencing.

The three men and five women were
among a group of ten students who dis-

robed belore some eighty Griiineillans
to protest what they called Playboy’s
exploitation of sex during an explana»
tion of the “Playboy Philosophy" by
Erica Draper, a field representative of
the magazine who was on campus as
part of a college sex education program.

The students who could now be sent»
enced to 6 months in jail or ﬁned $200
are:

Seniors Ftedricka A. Nelson 20, of
Brooklyn, 13.; Mary Malcolm, 21, of
San Diego, chili; Catherine R, Leder,
21, of Allen Park, Mich.; James D. Ru-
dolph, 22, or Elmhurst, 111.; Derrick N.
Exner, 22, of Ames, lowa.; junior
Charles Ar Garman, 21, of East Canton,
Ohio; sophomore Judith s. Grueuberg,
20, of Montebello, cant; and freshman
Freda s. Tepfer, 19, at Brooklyn, N. Y.

immediately after court adjourned
Wednesday alterndon, Miss Malcolm is-
sued the following statement on the be-
half of all eight defendents:

“The decision of the Jury is not un—
expected. We believe it was inevitable in
view of the instructions on the law of
indecent exposure given by the judge.
However, those instructions omitted the
requirement of "open and gross lewd-
ncss" which appears in the statute. Our
contention has been that our conduct
was not lewd.

“Our present teeung is that we will
appeal this (1 ' 'on by the judge, and
seek a new trial with the jury instruct-
ed as to all the requirements of the law
as it is written"

Throughout the trial defense attorney

ADDRESS HERE:

Dan Johnston of Des Moines argued tll
although the defendants had “desig; .'
1y exposed themselves,” they were
guilty of indecent exposure because tin
had done nothing obscene or gm
lewdr

“We obviously do not condemn
nudity in our society.” Johnston told
jury. “I know or no arrests or 1
models in art classes.”

The jury’s verdict apparently hingt
on the following instruction from Jud
Ynder regarding the statute:

“Tile words ‘opeu and indecent or 1
scene exposure’ . . . . mean an cxhi
tioll of those parts of the human in
which instinctive modesty, human deci

 

 

 

ey, or natural self-respect require sh

be customarily kept covered in the pn
ence or view of others 4 . . t A perst
if so inclined, may dress himself or in
self in nothing more substantial th
the innocence of Eden provided he

slle does not “expose" himselt or hi ‘

self in that cond on. An exposure .
crimes ”open and indecent or ohscer
only when a person indulges in sir
practice at a time , , , (when) . .

or her act is open to the observation
others.

After deliberating for three hours,
jury returned to the courtroom to t
the judge that his interpretation was ‘
absolute,” it would apply to persons ii
disrobed before “doctors and nurses
artists and sculptors." Yoder told _

jury that such persons were exceptic ,

but that “persons in attendance at
open meeting" are not.

The jury asked Yodel'. “Is it poss: -

for this jury to recommend to the co
the jury’s attitude toward the save
of the sentence, should the deienda
be found guilty?”

Yoder instructed them that they cc
not, and that it was the court's pram
tive to prescribe the sentence.

The jury then retired for another
minutes oeiore returning with the r
dicta of "guilty as charged."

After the trial, jury ioreman Sh
Lannom of Grinnell criticized Yoder

GUILTY-
(Continued on Page 2, Column 1)

 

