’ Scanner BLACK

GRINNELL COLLEGE
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1969

”The Newspaper Iowa Printers Frown Upon”

A NOTE FROM THE EDITOR—~w-As you might have deduced by now, the Scarlet g Black is
encountering difficulties in its attempts to locate a printer in the vicinity of
Grinnell who will print the student newspaper of the college without censoring it.
We terminated our contract with the Newton Daily News after E.K. Shaw,
publisher of the News, deleted words from the No‘. lb and the Nov. 21 issues of

the S&B. Shaw claimed that the words (one of them was ”masturbating”) were

”dirty” and refused to print them in his shop,
t

David Sutherland, of the Sutherland Printing Company in Montezuma, agreed on
Nov. 2b to print today‘s issue of the §§§a At that time he said he would print
anything the college sponsored without censoring it.

However, last Monday Sutherland called Prof, Herbert Prescott (Adviser to
Student Publications) to say that he had changed his mind and would not print the
§§§a According to Prescott, Sutherland said he had consulted his attorney, who
advised him that ”he would get more grief than profit“ if he printed the §§§.
Prescott indicated that Sutherland was concerned with "community pressure" that
might result if he printed the §g§. (Sutherland, by the way, is an alumnus
of Grinnell .)

Prescott said that Sutherland also told him that a linotypist refused to
set any §§§ copy in type, although I had not yet submitted any copy to be set
at Montezuma. Apparently the so—called typesetter got cold feet not because
§§§ copy was "obscene,” but rather because it was ”unseen,"

Anyway, we couldn1t find a new printer in time to publish a regular issue
today. However, Winston Watson, publisher of the Cedar Valley Qaily Eimgg in
Vinton, has agreed to print next week‘s §§§—~uncensored,

In the meantime, I hope this "§§§ Special” will tide things over until next
week. Multilithed at the college‘s Service Bureau, it includes several news briefs
and a letter to the editor from President Glenn Ieggett on what he calls "the
pretection of dissent and the prevention of violence at Grinnell,"

I apologize to §§§ readers for the recent inconvenience, but it's beyond my

control, As far as freedom of the press is concerned, America is a gyp,
w—Michael J. Brandon

 

5W»—

TUITION RAISE ANNOUNCED——~An increase of $250 in next year's comprehensive fee was
announced by President Glenn Leggett in a letter to parents of Grinnell studentton
Nov. 29. The increase includes a $225 raise in tuition over this year and a board
increase of $25.

leggett attributed the increase to the necessity of meeting higher wage and
salary demands and to the general inflationary trend which is forcing operational
costs upward.

The Grinnell comprehensive fee for the l970~7l academic year, which assumes
that operational costs will increase at the rate of eight per cent, will be
$3525. According to Leggett, the fee will continue to represent two—thirds of

the actual costs of a student‘s education at Grinnell.

FINALS AS USUAL———Despite the fact that the Vietnam Moratorium will coincide with
first semester final examinaticnSon Dec“ 12—13, the faculty voted Monday "to
adhere to the final examination schedule as published.” The motion, which had
the support of both the faculty Executive Council and Academic Standing Committee,
was approved on a voice vote with only two nay votes”

Dean Joseph F. Wall told the faculty that students who wish to postpone a
final in order to participate in Moratorium activities must have the approval
of the instructor and the college registrar.

In a related matter) the faculty defeated on a h2~h5 written ballot a motion

by faculty chairman John Kleinschmidt that the faculty observe future Moratoriums

in a spirit of business as usual.

J.C, HEPRIMANDS SCHWARTZ———The student‘faculty Judicial Council announced Monday
that it had found Steve Schwartz, assistant student coordinaton ”guilty by his
own admission" and reprimanded him for “drinking alcoholic beverage in a public
place.”

Schwartz was taken before the Council by resident adviser Dennis Donham, who

caught him drinking wine at a served meal in the Quad Ding Hall. Student member of

the Judicial Council Nick Russo issued a dissenting opinion, agreeing with Schwartz

that the rule in the Student Handbook is "invalid.”

 

December

Mr Mliil- Hyundai”
Editor

scarlet and Black
Grinnell College

Dear Mike:

You and l have talked several times about dissent and disruption at
Grinnell, and I thought I might offer some of my views on these matters for
your readers. You will recall in my remarks to the faculty on the ”state
of the College” {which you reprinted in the November 2l issue of the S"B)
that I touched on some of the problem connected with the emotional climate
of the campus, particularly the difficult one of drawing the line between
the protection of criticism and dissent and the prevention of actions that
would interfere or threaten to interfere with the established and scheduled
programs of the College. whether they be academic or extravcurricular or
social.

All of us here at Grinnell want an environment in which students and
faculty feel free to criticize the policies oi the College or the society
outside. The process of examining. of questioning, of asking why or wh-
not. of free inquiry generally, is crucial to the kind of education G'i
is supposed to stand tor. The right or expres ing criticism and disagi
ment is part of the process So also. we all need to be reminded oc a
ally. i the right to disagree with those who disagree. The name that edu‘
cational institutions most frequently give to 'is process of free inquiry
and the right of students. faculty, and vi itoi to the campus to expreSs
different points of view 5 "academic freedom.” In its application, the
words usually mexn the right of professors to teach what they believe is
pertinent to the ' subject, of scholars to engage in the inquiry and inves~
tigation that serves tu advance knowledge. and of students to learn and to
express their views. free from pressures or interference from outside.

The tradition of Grinnell College as a sanctuary for this kind of aca—
demic freedom i‘ a long one; and careful cultivation of the tradition is
perhaps the chief reason why the College has been able to attract the re-
spect and affection of superior teachers and students. The tradition has
not made the College an especially popular institution: that is. ”popular”
in the sense that its members are regarded as thinking and speaking and
acting in ways that do not upset or threaten conventional or safe uays of
doing things. In fact. the College has taken this risk oy trying to main,
tain an environment in which critic ‘m and dissent may be freely expre-sed.
The result i. a liberal campus. yer; tole ant. and from within and without
open and hospitable to social and polilltal persuasion of all sorts. includ—
ing a1 time. the ill-informed and the questionably motivated

The risk, I \hlnlx. has been well worth taking It has helped make
Grinnell a lively and stimulating place for students. faculty. and viSitor
has attracted di\llngulshed scholars and lecturers; has graduated people
with superior insights into and rogald [or their priya . and public respon»
sibiliti s; and. all in all. has aided Gtinncll in making a mark in the
world rat beyond what its powers in numbers or material resources would such

.3 possible i lLlC sm an dissent have also hclped make Grinnell a

Cullege in st! lcll‘ ((‘llt:;\llrllli\l terms. It has been more open than
v:P\ :» acht<. c pxpvtimontalion. 1o channvs in social rcguliliw

l..e.oni ways at dnlng things gt orally.

. and ‘ 01' )our readers. I hope tho College can continue its
hunn ~. ‘2 . Aw upon Jld iree entironmcnt. But there are some worri~
some lgns nozizun hi \ we used to refer to. and take a stand
again-4 as the A14 prnwr of the majority shows an occasional tendency
>1 homo replaced by another l’ll.d of abustvo power. that of the minority.

One wants to be \ ' clear hero. The existence of minority groups, whether
racial. social, or plainly temperamental, is essential; their points of view

 

sharpen wits all. around and frequently provide the impetus needed to get con—
structive things underway. The environment of a liberal campus ought to
accommodate these points of view, even when th rhett ic and the manners of
their spokesmen border on the abrasive. ltieally. the expre. ion of differ—
ent points of view is 591ticoffecting, in the ' .se that uhcn they come to~
gether in the marl<et~place of ideas on the campt~ what is wise, sensible,
and human will eventually prevail.

This position, however, has always rested on the assumption that argu—
ment and disagreement will be based on the ground rules of rational discuSm
sion: that is to say, on at least a modicum of reciprocity in Se]f»rest’rain—
ing civility, on the absence of ad homin Q arguements, and of armetwisting
coercion. The ground»rules are seldom ohserxer’ perfectly, of course: one
makes allowances for an excess of temper in a lleate discussion when beliefs
and opinions are strongly held, But, as l romaked a few moments ago, I
think we sometimes witne . at Grinnell a decree of incivility and rudeness
that is unpleasantly C1)SG to intimidation. I referred to it. as the abu—
sive power of the minor ty, in the belief that most students and faculty
are not involved in it but rather victims ol‘ it.

As president, I am most cTithall\ aware of it when viiitors -» invited
speakers> parents. alumni, and friends —7 are on the campus. Let me say
quickly that I am not peaking of what those of my age with a slowing metar
bolic rate refer to as youthful high jinxs or of the natural enthusiasm oi
collegians to have run at the expense or their elders. I do not refer to
”spontaneous happenings” or the OB Squad (at its best) or student refer—
endums or proposals. I refer rather to uhat l t. nk is an oyeriy selfA
conscious attempt to seize the opportunity presented by a captive audience
to confront visitors by actions deSigned to ”tell it like it i.." Because
the actions are not repre. 1tativ0 or the majority of students ind faculty,
they give an impres 'nn o the College that is partial and sensational. The
tolerance of most students and faculty accommodates such antics rather easily
Grinnell is a place where people who want to do their own thing tend to be
regarded with inc‘iuerenco or amusement or real enjoyment.

but visitor to the c;npu., whether they b alumni or parents or other—
wise, tend to have far lower thresholds of tolerance. No one wants them
presented with a slicked up and smoothed down show in which we all. behave
like Madison Avenue angels, We aren't up to that kind of hypocrisy, and
even if we were, alumni and parents. especially th» latter, would see
through us immediately. All l me n is that our visitors ought to have the
opportunity to see. us for our real variety ol’ temperament., our constructive
instincts as well as our disorderly ones. oul solid as well as our silly
side . We depend upon our \isitors‘: especially alumni and parents, for much
of the moral and material support that makes the College 90. We get it by
letting them see the whole of a lively college in action, not by intimidat—
ing them into believing that this campus is a place where everyone's notion
of dissent and protest is exhibited in melodramatic and obtrusive ways.

About such matte)" or attitude and beha ioral style there is probably
very little the administration of the College can do. The power of the
College rests on the authority of rational discussion belheen learners and
teachers and on the stabilizing procedures of due process: in short, on
the commitment to academic freedom. The Collcrze has no police lorce; its
doors. real and figurative, are open. E copt tor necessary security against
fire, theft, and dalvrage. students, faculty. and vi .lorr come and go rather
much as they plee . Such an enVJronment ought to be < model of how civil—
ized people can live together when they believe the privilege Ql expressing
their feelings incurs the obligation or letting others have the same privil-
ege. To take the privilege and not the obligation in one conversational
behavior is discourteous. To exercise the privilege phy ically is tyranny,
and a denial of how any community; especially an academic community, ought
to be operatingr ll we see) to he l':ead;ng toward such an unl‘or Lunate state
of affairs, then we ought to have some open»enrlorl exchanges among ourselves
in hopes that we can find a way to change our direction, for we are all

 

i3,

accountable to one another, as well as to past and future students and fac—
ulty, on what defines the emotional climate of this campus.

So far I've been talking about what I think are problems in the emotional
climate in a way that I hope w'll promote discussion and constructive responses
I lay no claim to being precisely accurate in my analysis about exhibitionism
and emotional intimidation, nor have I suggested that I have solutions ready
at hand. About the question of preventing violence on the campus I haven‘t
spoken at all, partly because I do not regard such a possibility as consonant
with the style of this place, partly because whatever I say about it might be
regarded as provocative, or paranoid, or as a rigid set of prescriptions
which would be applicable to any or all circumstances. But I do have to say
that if there were such a thing as a seizure of a building or indeed any action
that could clearly be interpreted as an attempt to disrupt the activities of
this College and bring them to a standstill, I would move without hesitation
to stop it. In my absence, I would expect Dear: Wall or any properly desig—
nated person to proceed in the same way.

There is not much that can be said beyond these things. Definitions of
what is threatened disruption and what is actual disruption are conditioned
always by actual circumstances; and procedures for handling them have to be
similarly adaptable. I would always hope that persons thinking of disrup—
tive tactics would see the Foolishness of their ways before they go too far
and that other persons would advise them to have better sense and to keep
the possibility of discussion open. I would hope too that if we did have a
disruptive incident, we would be able to handle it internally, using our
procedures for hearing and judgment, and without the need of injunctions or
other actions by civil authorities. Obviously, if my hope proved a vain one,
I would not hesitate to have recourse to whatever civil actions appeared
warranted by the circumstances.

All that can really be said, therefore, is that as chief executive offiv
cer of the College I would be remiss in my responsibilities if I did not,
when the occasion aroset make a Judgment between what is simply dissent and
what is disruptive, and then act accordingly, quickly and positively, The
authority of this College is an idea, not a thing of physical power, and
those who would forcibly disrupt the College would be using it as a physi—
cal instrument to serve ends that the means itself would violate. Professor
Northrup Frye, in his ”Ethics of Change,” says it as well as anyone:

We still need loyalty to something wtth enough authority to
form a community. .something that fulfils and does not diminish
the individual. Such an authority can ultimately only be the
kind of authorit} that education embodies. The authority of the
logical argument, the repeatable experiment, the established
fact, the compelling work of art, is the only authority that ex~
acts no bows or salutes.

I appreciate the opportunity of writing you and would welcome discussing
these matters with any representative group of students or faculty.

Sincerely yours ,

50m

Glenn L Jgett
President

 

