'A look a! San Francisco Stale

. (an Students ‘ reel 'Ilieir Education?

By CATHY JONES

The current strum at San Francisco
State is developing into the most signifi-
cant at recent attempts to change the
gm" structure of a university, but is

rlgcly ignored or poorly covered by the
nation’s mass media.

The strike is actually two strikes, one
by union professors and one by students.
but While their demands are different,
the present alliance between the two
poses a continuing daily threat to the
existence of the university as it is now
governed. The speciﬁc demands by the
L‘Black Student Union and Third World
Liberation Front include the establish
ment of a 20-mn Black Studies Depart-
ment under Dr. Nathan Hare, with the
sole power on hire and fire resting with
the department; the admittance to the
university of all black students who want

to attend next fall, the establishment o!
a School of Ethnic Studies for Third
World students with sole hiring and fir-
lng power; reinstatement of Black Pan-
ther, George Murray as a teacher for
1963—69, and amnesty lor all students
arrested during the strike.

The repeated announcement by stu-
dent leaders that all demands are non<
negotiable and that the strike will con-
mlnue until they are met, underlines the
real issue at hand: the question oi who
controls the university.

Faculty demands for educational re-
form, and a written collective bargaining
contract also point to the desire for a
restructuring 0! present power relation-
ships wimin the university Faculty
strikers also support the removal of the
police from the campus and agreement
to the students' demands, but while the

two sets of strikers are pfcketing and
working together now, student leaders
are carelul to point out their demands
cannot be negotiated and their strike will
continue regardless of the outcome of
the American Federation of Teachers
Strike.

The strike tuellc marks a new phase
In attempts by students to control the
educational process. It goes far beyond
the tactic of simply holding I building
where one mass Irrest ends the cons
mntallom The strike ls u continual
problem for the admlnlstration and
police, and even a major bust like the
one January 23 where so students,
faculty and supporters were arrested
does not halt the movement.

Of course. the presence of the San
Francisco Police Force is a continual
problem, too, but this may also be soon
as an indication of the strength and

weight of the threat the strike pose]
to the administration.

Police,ractios also go beyond those
used in previous confrontation attempts.
Heliwpter‘s hover above the campus, g“.
sibling police to spot miscellaneous acts
of low violation, relay the description at
the violator w the ground where the per-
son may be arrested hours or days la«
ter. Leaders of the Strike have been
subject to arrest at any time on back
warrants for violations or any kind (in-
cluding real or imagined). But so iar
these arrests have failed 00 demoralizo
the strikers or break the strike.

There are other important difference:
in the San Francisco State situation from
other campus power struggles. The stu-
dent body is quite different from what

8. F. STATE— 1
(Continued on Page 4, Col. 1) !

 

GRINNELL COLLEGE

SCARLET & BLACK

THE STUDENT ,
NEWSPAPER

 

Vol. LXXVI

Grinn-Il, Iowa. Friday. January 3|, my

_,
Na. 14

 

“a“; Visiting Prof. Discusses Views

 

 

 

 

 

 

VISITING Professor Nichols meals with his I'Re‘ormism" class. He will
also {each "The Negro as a Literary Artist" this semester.

 

Identity crinr Anilyrod
._—.

Senate Takes Slep Toward Democracy

by ED HlRSl-I

A Step Towards Democracy

On Wednesday night the Grinnell Sen-
ate decided to take a major step in over-
coming their basic fear of the student
body by holding a representative elec-
tion for the two recently vacated senate
seats. The election will take place on
February 6th at 7:30, in the north lounge
of the form. Any student who wants to
vote must do so at this meeting Thurs<
day night. Those students seeking office
ohoulld file applicahions before 2:00 pm.
bn Monday, February 3rd. Applications
can be made by conuactirig either Tom
Thomas or Tom Triplet! in the Student
Government Office, or by placing a note
in the Student Government Mailbox.

It seems typical of the Grinnell Senate
that when they found that Richard
Sohneirov had transferred and that Deb-
bie Friedman had taken a leave of ab-

sence, causing two vacancies in the Sen-
ate, their first reaction was to hide the
fact that these two vacancies had no
curred and to think of electing two new
senators themselves. They would then
eventually let the word leak to the stu-

NOTICE

There are openings for two posi-
tions on the Student Senate. Stun
dents interested in applying should
contact Tom Thomas or Tom Trip-
lett, or place a note in the SGA
mailbox no later than 2 pm. Mon<
day.

dent body. This led to lengthy discussions
as to the responsibility of the senators
to the community and to the people they
, SENATE— '
gContinued on Page 4, Col. 2)

By BILL RAFFERTY

"The Democratic revolution, establish<
lng freedom, justice and equality has not
yet occurred in the Unit States.” This
was the comment of vi ling Professor
Charles H. Nichols in his ﬁrst class in
”Retormism in the US." Reformism is
not a new invention of the 1960's. It is
as old as any American institution, and
has assumed many forms.

Professor Nichols is well equipped to
explain early reformism and its con-
temporary relevance. He wrote his dis~
sertatiun for a Ph.D. on “A Study of the
Slave Narrative;" he has published,
Many Thousand Gone, The Ex-Slaves’
Account of Their Bondage and Freedom,
and is currently working on a biography
of Theodore Parker,

The early reformers began the attempts

to establish equality and assert the hu-
man dignity of the Afro-American. Re-
formers of today owe a great debt to
and share much with these men. The
”Black Revolution" is the latest form of
this struggle. Dr. Nichols sees three
basic causes behind the recent rise of
“Black Power." First, AfrorAmericans
are becoming more aware and taking
greater pride in their heritage. The Afro-
American has a culture which has con-
tributed to many positive aspects of
American society. Secondly, as Dr. Nic-
hols points out, the new direction of the
movement is a reaction to the assassi-
nation of Rev. Martin Luther King. Men
became further alienated by the failure of
Non-Violence. Thirdly, there has been
or rejection of American Imperialism. The
outrageous treatment of the Vietnamese
people has created a universal solidarity
among colored people. Dr. Nichols em-
phasizes that the violence committed in
our cities in recent years is very small
compared to the violence perpetrated
upon Black men through the centuries.
He feels that the message of men like
Le Roi Jones and Eldridge Cleaver is
to respect the “Holiness of human life,"
something that has not been respected
sufficiently in America. A society that
produces for profit, not for people calla

not easily achieve this value. Civil Right!
Legislation can never be effective until
White America is willing to enforce hus
manitarian laws.

Dr. Nichols has been the Director of
the Department of Literature at the Free
University of Berlin since 1959.

During this time he has observed many
Americans in Europe. Their arrogance
and lack of concern for the people around
them has caused him to question the
values of the society which produced
them. He has concluded that ii White
America refuses to renounce its imperi-
alistic attitudes then ethical men should
attempt to gain the power to bring about
those changes. This would necessitate a
revolution. However, Dr. Nichols feels
it is still the goal oi the Black people to
make American society truly humane.

Dr. Nichols is a 1542 cum laude gradus
ate of Brooklyn College who holds a Ph.Dy
from Brown University. He has taught at
Morgan State College, Hampton Institute,
and Bmwn. While a Fulbright Visiting
Lecturer in Denmark, he also lectured in
Germany and later joined the faculty of
the Free University of Berlin. Beginning
with the academic year 1965-1970, he will
be professor of English at Brown Unl<
versxty.

Opry AI' Grinnell

Saturday night at 10:30 music from
rural Tennessee will fill the South'
(Southem) Lounge. Clint noward, Fred
Price, and their sons Clarence Howard
and Kenneth Prlce will present a cons
cerl. of downrhome, old-time music.

Clint Howard and Fred Price gained
reputations far from their farms near
Nashville during the folk revival of the
early ’605. They are regular performers
at the Newport Folk Festival, and last
July in Washington they were greeted
enthusiastically at the Smithsonian In-
stitution’s Festival of American Folk-
life. The group is commonly associated
with Doc Watson, with whom they often
perform in concert,

 

Page Two

EDITORIAL.

SCARLET AND BLACK

The Student Use of Student Beings

Last Saturday night, the
generous social fund spared
five of its precious dollars to
pay for the most enjoyable folk
concert of the recent. past, Ric
Exner and Friends. The enter-
tainers happily shared their
wealth with the audience, in-
vesting in five dollars worth of
ice cream cones. The generosi-
ty of the entertainers, ice
cream and music, is an exam-
ple of the spontaneous sharing
and enjoyment which is so pos-
sible and so little developed at
Grinnell. People were creating
an enjoyable experience for
each other for only five dollars!
I’m not implying five dollar
concerts are the answer, but I
applaud the communication
and relaxation that was possi-
ble in the concert.

This experience indicates to
me the need for a place for stu-
dents to use and improve their
wealth of talents. Energy used
for negative purposes, anti-
lnstitution, anti - administra-
tion, antivdreft, etc, can frus-
trate and stifﬂe creative stu-
dents, There needs to be outlets
for positive energy and talents,
latent in so many. The initial
success of Ex Loce two years
ago, is an indication of the need
and potential for in i o r m al

meeting of s t u d e n t s. The
Forum falls somewhat short of
that purpose. Students enjoy
more intimate situations than a
noisy grill or a beautifully fur-
nished South Lounge. At the
same time, running an off-cam-
pus place, the ideal, takes time
and money (rent), that few
students can afford.

The concert was held in the
defunct Forum coffee house.
Only one other time this year
have I seen the forum used as
it can be used. A Friday night

roup of kids moved into the
South Lounge to sing and
dance. Why shouldn’t the for-
um be used more in this way?
Students need only decide to
enjoy it! The coffee house, with
a little student initiative and
informalization of decor, could
easily become a meeting place
for students. Comfortable fur-
niture, the opening of space,
the addition of curtains or paint
could make the room more con-
ducive to student use. Music,
drama, and poetry could be-
c o m a natural occurrences.
Five dollar concerts could be
replaced with free ones. People
would have to buy their own
ice cream, but that is not a dif-
ficult investment in exchange
for the enjoyment and develop-
ment of talent.

M—

Educolion Group to Present Proposals

Seminar Produces Results

Grinnell is conducting an experiment
in radical education. It consists of ii!-
teen students, ranging from lrcshnlen
to seniors, and Don Liggitt of the Edu-
cation Department. Formally, it is an
independent project (some of the slu-
denls are taking it for {our credits.
others for two). Informally, it exists on
many levels. 'lhe purpose of this series
or articles which, hopefully, win appear
weekly in the SIB, is to explicate these
levels as we in the education project
see them. We all believe that the re-
search and planning that this group is
conducting to be a! both immediate and

far-reaching relevance to the Grimlell
mmunity.

An experiment in radical education is.
no doubt, a misnomer. But the fact is
that Gl'lnnell’s liberal arts education is
essentially traditional, and therefore not
sufﬁciently liberating. While the admin»
isirution worries about the death of the
liberal arts college due to financial in-
stability; we, as students, worry about
the death of the liberal am college due
to irrelevance. The American college
in general, and Grinnell College in par-
ticular, is (unctioning less and less as
all institution which Opens the individual
to the real and potential joy or his own
existence, and more and more as an
instltution which Channels America’s
middle - class youth into ready -made
niches in society. Are we radical be-
cause we embrace this former goal?

This is the second semester of the
project’s existence. Last semester was
spent largely in theoretical discussions
and individual presenlalious on the role
of education in America. This semester
,we hope to get beyond the theoretical

level, and into proposals for change at
Grinnell College.

The project’s goal this semester is to
draw up a concrete proposal lbl' curricw
lulu innovation at Grinnell. We have
been encouraged to do so by Pelsidcnt
Leggett and the Rockefeller Foundation.
(During Christmas vacation, members
of the education project visited Ind
studied, ﬁrst hand, the various ops
pmaches of experimental schools. Some
schools visited were Antioch, Oberlin, the
University of Michigan, and the Fm
University in Berkeley. The Rockefeller
Foundation bu been informed at tho
project no has encouraged us to pre-
pare a proposal adapting these ap—
proaches to Grinnell.) Our hope is to
receive the amngemeut Ind partici-
pation of Grinncll nuacms. Ideally, the
entire mmmunity should engage, on
some level, in these changes which an
geared not merely It academic renewal.
but at a renewal of the presently-impo-
tent lite-style a: Grinncll College. The
projecl meets every Thursday evening
at 8 o’clock in Conference House. Come.

soumr's

Gifts for All Occasions

Books & Candles

82!) 4th Ave.

talk of the town

Orlginully me by in. New yum
By FREDRICKA NELSON

I sit here in my tenement overlooking
central park, wondering how to write
something unheavy for my readers when
they arrive hack in the literary center
of poweshiek county, grinnell college,
grinnell, lowa. none of you know about
this new writer for a brand new, under-
precedented column on the places to go,
things to see, etc, in our camhridge of
the midwesl. this is my second draft of
no. 1 of the talk of the town. i worked
out and ﬁnished nicely an introductory
try, which on rereading was too much,
not the kind of pleasantry you'd expect
to launch a semester. if anyone would
like to read my introduction to what's
doing and what i think about it, please
address said request to our new editor
and she'll obligingly run my first at-
tempt next week. i think booze ls a good
friend to the writer and i’ve got no
money to buy even a six-pack, so ham
rally i’ll be a little less loose than might
be expected since poverty has got mo
(or the third annual vacation. somehow
during the semester: there‘s I cushion
of ﬁnancial comfort because there's al-
ways someone in grinnell who‘ll buy
you a beer or turn you on to the latest
shipment. you can make it when every-
one’s around. i stayed here last sum-
mer and split this Christmas vacation
between the pleasures of my family's
{arm and my independent existence in
my apanment. the farm never changes
though its people go through emotions
and occasions the same as others. life
in grinnell doesn’t change either so
much except that the more time you
spend here the better you get to know
its secrets and how to unearth them
from a reluctant community. that is the
nature of the midwestern psyche though,
calm and reserved and very spac .
there‘s always a period of fear, i'm
afraid or slebiscus and the man, only
We learned that even without anony-
mity people aren’t always out to beat
up or ﬁnk on each other. there are ‘81“
rific problems that l won't allude to
about college — town relationships.
grinnell is sort of a liberal cancer in tho
middle or a solid republican sweep of
countryside, and its people are young,
alien and rebellious. we come here to
hibernate in knowledge for four year!
and that’s about exactly what happens
and we graduate and live in big cities
in enclaves of grinnell people who talk
incessantly of the good old days. now
i'm pointing out that a lot at it is gar-
bage, and that includes the image of
the grinnell students sitting here in a
Vacuous cultural hole. my position is
sort or me as a towniecollegestudent.
in the day l'm more or less in the aca-
demic bag, and then night llle is at my
home which i share with another privi~
leged senior woman and our cat whose
name is sloob. that’s a mnny name,
but she's a great cat and she’s been
with us for I year now. don’t tell me
you can’t do things in the dorms, be-
cause we kept this cat for a whole se-
mester, more or less with the approval
of the other people in the house. i guess
she used to get in the refrigerator and
scale some of the girls to deaLh, but
we made it ok and now she’s port or
our ollrcampus experience. i think that‘s
pretty much what i’ll write about,
simple things like life at the varsity,
and the laundromat, duffy's circuit, in
contrast to the cultural opportunities
offered by forum night life and the book-
store. instead of house parties we have
wonderful neighbors who don't seem to
have that many complaints about our
hours or the noise we make. tenement
walls are thicker than dormitory walls

Friday, January El. 1969

The Scarlet & Black

smash/r Newspaper or
Grinnell College.
Grinnell. Iowa

An independent news

“sumo”, paper published weekly,
on, except during holidays

. and exammauon periods.

the Grinnell com.

mltlee on sluden: ruhli.

canons. Subscilpllen

mu 16.00 per, school

moor _

luxlnesl Man-sex ,
Mun-”n; rumor

Auocllle Editor .
cow Editor ..

chm Pnowv’lnller . DAVID uNhnum

Rmnen .. Jen onml. cull would,

no Hush. cuhv Jana,

Ann xmchner, Roger mmx.

Jon stun. Ron slclnmm

susm mm
. men anon

and you don’t check out our place like
you do the north lounge as you walk
iron the post oliice mornings. no live
in the town and we love it. more and
more we {ind that its open and mm.
smiles are important though and you’ve
got to remember that they're a social
gesture and not really an idle] or
dream. smiles are friendly, and: you
need ﬁends in the town when you
live and my.

m

New Perspectives

By TED SLICK

This column is going to be I vehicle
10: the pmcntauon of revolutionary
ideas {or thought, consumption. and
hopefully, action upon by the student
body and faculty of this institution or
higher learning. Each column which I
write is not intended to be accepted as
the complete truth; this is not “Where

the Truth Lies." Such an assumption
would be presumptuous and naive;

What this column is intended: to do
is to present, by the use of different
sources, lacs and ideas which are not
the ones usually received from the mass
media. The ideas will be radical ideas.
in the sense that Webster deﬁms radi<
cal, i.e., “favoring extreme change, as
or the social structure." "that is my- po-
sih'on which has slowly developed: over
the past two years to the point when: I
now believe that this country has lost
right 0! Whit it should stand in: {ne-
dam, justice. and wmpassiolh Notwith—
standing Ihe words of our Pmldent,
this country is in need of such vast Ind
great changes that a revolution is
needed in the policies and nations of ﬁle
government, and in the minds, social
structure, and altitudes of the people,

llev. Blase Boupano, an American
minister in Guatemala, says: ‘1 bellow
the wail-read student can say honestly
the status quo is to inmlerably vhlem
that it is killing my brother; my broth-
or is suffering IS a result of the insti-
tutioualimd violence in which he lives.
He is dying boo-use he doesn't havc
any land. in is dying because he can.
not organlze hl: labor. n: is dying in—
telleclually because he has in schools."
These lines refer to conditions, not just
in Guatemala. but all over the globe, in
the third world counlries and, in certain
respects, within the world‘s developed
countries. including the United States.

Man must come to realize that by
lupporting his government's policies of
oppression of other peoples, policies to
he examined in depth in this column as
the year goes on, he is compromising
the noblest ideals that. he may hold. I
will explore the draft and resistance to
it, the United States foreign policy.
conditions Within the armed forces, the

PERSPECTIVES—
_(Conunued on Page 6, Col. 4)

 

may. 3..an n, my neuter AND IEACK

'JD'! RESTAURAN!

 

h a Four SCARLET AND BLACK Fr s onuary , 96!
doings: Motivation or Punishment

} sr. Stole

(Continued from Page 1)

we expect and identity at Gnnnell as
typical. San Francisco State is a com-
muter college, and the average age of
its students is 25 years. Many are marr
ried and have been working and going
to school for over the normal ioiirryear
period. Unlike must of us, they control
and define their daily lives While not Ill
class, biit are as yet unable to determine
in any way the education they know they
need.

San Francisco State differs from where
student unrest has occurred. it is not re-
oognized as a “prestige school” (like
Berkeley or Columbia), and as acting
president Hayakawa admits, “it should-
n't be.” In a speech before the allrwhite
Commonwealth Club in San Francisco
last Friday, Hayakawa stated that, “San
Francisco State was closer to the people
and is the thing that makes possible the
social mobility that makes the American
dream possible.”

It is the dichotomy in understanding
between minority group students and
Hayakawa about what it means to “be
close to the people" that is an issue,
with minority group students asking
tor the responsibility of educating their
own.

While the strike has not yet shut down
classes completely, class attendance
ranges irom 20% to 45% depending upon
the day. For instance, January 14 sta.
tistics from the Campus Communications
Center show that of a total of 115 classes
scheduled, 43 were held — 37% — and
all those were below 50% in attendance.
Career—oriented business students Show
highest attendance rates, while lifeor-
iented drama, art and philosophy Stu-
dents show the lowest according to the
San Francisco Chronicle.

Support from community leaders is
also given to the strike and pictures of
picketers in the San Francisco papers
oiten reveal placards identitying such
groups, but they’re rarely mentioned in
news articles or analysis by reporters.
Support is especially high in minority
group communities such as the Mission
District, a primarily Spanish-speaking
and Black district. Members of these
communities, pirs some parents or stu-
dents and many white students were a~
mong those arrested at State on the 23rd,

The arrest came when students held
an un~campus rally to protest Hayaka—
wa‘s ban forbidding assemblies on the
campus grounds. As Hayakawa stated.
“Speciﬁcally, rallies, parades, be-ins,
hootenaunies, hoedowus, shivarees and
all other public events likely to disturb
the studious in their reading and reflec-
tion are hereby forbidden on the central
campus.” Unauthorized persons are also
forbidden on the Campus and person with
legitimate business (defined by Kaye-
kawa and the police) are “expected to
mnve directly to their appointed places."

Plcketing is limited to the outskirts of
the campus, and as nayakawa puts it,
"we’ve moved them from inside the
classrooms, air the campus, and out to
the streets.” That's where the Strikers,
student and faculty, stand as of now.
and as final exams and a new semester
begins, the future of San anoisco State
and the kind of education it provides will
be determined.

By ROGER KOENKER

Senior comprehensives make good
business sense; the Longhorn ran dry
lthe day Grinnell seniors finished the
Graduate Record Exams. The thirst for
knowledge and oblivion are only a iew
blocks apart here. But the college does
more than fill the pockets of local busi-
ness, and comprehensives are more than
an excuse to drink. What they do ac—
complish anti what they are designed to
accomplish are more problematic. Are
comprehensives a vestigial institution
that will follow the Junior Libeial Arts
Exam to pasture? Do compreliellsives do
more than place another caliper on the
already cluttered skulls oi Grinneli stu-
dents? The answer “no” to these ques-
tions requires a good deal more thought
than our “community" seems willing
to devote to the subject.

There are at least five aims of the
test in the eyes of faculty. They may
be divided into two groups as suggested
by the Haveman Committee reportt

1. Evaluation

(A) The test serves as a minimum
standard of competence in the ma-
jor field.

(B) The test serves as a summary In-
dicator of the level of accomplish
ment of all students within a dis-
cipllne.

(C) The test serves as an index of
departmental effectiveness and
curricular success.

Il. Motivation

(D) The test compels students to re
View and synthesize basic theory
and methodology In each discl-
pllne.

(E) The test coerce: students to do
independent work In their major

ﬁeld and demonstrate the ability
to work with the theory and meth-
ods of the discipline.

By college regulation, senior compre—
hensives must be divided into three
parts, two of which must be written tests.
This tri-partite scheme allows some flex-
ibility 0i aim between sections of the
test. The content, standards and admin-
istration of the test is the closely
guarded domain of the separate depart-
ments. So for example, part I of the
history comprehensives, a written exam-
ination designed to test students' abili-
ly to Work with selected historical docu-
ments, seems to be primarily an attempt
to evaluate methodological expertise
(aim B). The first written exams in
economics, math, psychology, physics,
biology. and others, are designed to in-
sure minimum student competence in the
discipline. These are departments where
the tests are a recognized obstacle to
graduation and poor performance is
punished by retesting. While there are
other elements in the tests, they are
constructed to be most effective at the
margin of failure and may tell little or
nothing about student ability above that
margin.

The May portion of the comprehensive
is the most variable portion of the exami-
nation. History comprehensivcs will re
quire answers to two takeehome ques-
lbions over independent reading and re-
search, placing primary emphasis on
study and learning outside the course
structure. in biology, an oral test will
be administered in the spring on indepen-
dent research conduoted by majors (lure
ing the second semester. The direction of
the spring test seems to be toward an

oral examination encouraging lndepem
dent work in the field.

The ambivalance of purpose inherent
in die tests is the primary iactor respon‘s
Sible for their failure to achieve an,
stated objective. The resolution or those
sometimes conflicting objectives is a
necessary prerequisite for making corn.
prehensives a more vital and useful
part of education.

As a possible solution, may 1 suggest
the following general revisions: the rhy’.
[hm of Grinnell education could be Shiit-
ed from two years of general requires
ments followed by two years or disciplit
nary specialization (the present situaA
tion) to one year ol general require)
ments, two years of specialization an
a final year of seminar and independent
work in interdisciplinary areas. Seniov
comprohensrves would be taken at th
end of the junior year or the beginning
of the senior year. For student ovaluao
tinn, this timing would have two advann
tages. Every student would have a bets
ter opportunity to work intensively dur-
ing the senior year in areas that a
peared weak in the examination T;
comprehensives were given before ret'
Commendations were written by faculty
members, presumably better, more im
for-med letter could be written.

Both advantages have certain obvionl
motivational analogues that would makd
the test more eiieotive in the sense thag
it would demand more strongly soii
review and synthetic understandind
of the major field. Rather than trying: .
to use comprehensives as a lever to: .
academic change by encouraging o
requiring independent study, the 172.1
scheme would place the natural emphap
sis on broad-scaled independent worl
during the senior year.

As our exams collect dust and tho
routine of the semester wears on, one
might hope that next year's exams are
more than one night’s good business for

the Longhorn.
__—.—ﬁ

THE SENATE AS SEEN BY . . .

THE ADMINISTRATION

} Senate
(Conllnued from Page 1)

represent. The result of these discussion:
was that: the Senate decided that the va-
cant seats should be filled by a general
election or the student body.

0n the surface it might appear that
the senators suddenly felt an obligation
to the students they represent and thus
decided that the student Indy should vote

 

Yes! ""5 True!

Wu Do have Service on I’ll promixu. To Allow you w. nnjoy

your pretenco we ottm

SPAGHETI’I DINNER

with Salad. Garlic lucid
And Coffee ..

Jun ‘1035

WEDNESDAY NITE FROM I 'TIL 9

PAGLIAI'S f The Pizza People

SENKI' E MmUTES

THE STUDENTS

to elect their own senators. In reality,
this is a fallacy. The senators motives
are far from noble. They have an elitist
theory of government that certainly has
not changed, but only has been over-
ridden by their teeiings of alienation
hum the student body. The elitist sona-
tors still believe that they can and should
elect a senator, one who they feel would
be more responsible and representative
to the student body. They have a strong
fear of who the students might eleot.
Although it may be partially "the prin-
ciple of the thing," the far greater rea-
son for the general election is to generate
student interest. The Senate believes that
the Interest created by an election is
more important than who is actually
eleaed. This is especially reinforced by
(the fact aha/t the two newly elected sena-
bors will only serve until spring vaca-
tion. The rest of the senators believe that
who new members can do little harm in
only a month's time.

The style of the Senate meeting seems
representative of the senators‘ general
beiieis about student government. The
meeting makes an obvious farce of par-
liamentary- procedum. The senators do

THEMSELVES

what they want, when they want to, and
they don't want to have to answer to any-
one about the methods they utilize. They
cleverly work within the rules oi par-
llamentary procedure no give an appear-
ance in the minutes of representative
decisions.

This is not [0 say that the Grinnell
Senate is made up of anarchiss and peo<
p12 who just don't care about the stu<
dent body. it is rather to say, that hero
is a group of students, titled the Senate.
who run Grimell’s student govemment
and who are having somewhat of an
identity crisis as an organization. Tho
senators are placed in the confusing po-
sitinn of representing students who are
obviously apathetic. They are coming to
the conclusion that the responsi i nice,
purposes, and goals of student govern-
ment must be their own personal ones.
And thus student government is being
run by a very small and special segment
of the student body. Unless there is 50m.
type of meaningiul change in the rela-
tionship between the Senate and the stu-
dent, Student government at Grinnell will
continue to be an elitist government un-
der the false guise of representation.

 

Friday. January 3!,» mt

SEX with Kirkendall

As a part of the current sex education
program, Dr. Lester A. Kirkendall, re-
tired prolessor oi Family Diving at Dre-
gon State University visited the campus
last week. He is a recognized authority
on sex education, and has written exten-
sively, including the hook Premarital In-
tercourse and Interpersonal Relations. In
his lecture, Dr. Klrkendali did not ac-
knowledge his position as a moralistic
one because he refused to designate spe-
ciﬁc acts as either right or wrong. To
so focus upon speciﬁc actions would di-
vert attention from what he considered
the basically important issue, namely,
the meaning of behavior, motivations,
and the significance which these have
for us as human beings. In this sense
sexual behavior is not taken out of its
everyday context; it Cannot and should
not be divorced from the world we live
in. T00 oiten students are handed a pack-
age, In this instance, sex, and then told
to fit it Into their lives any way they can.

Certain limihations are evident in any
lecture. The most obvious is that the
speaker does not reach everyone in the
audience. Perhaps the real value in such
a lecture is the discussions it has prompt-
ed on campus. Here, I believe, lies the
value in having people like Dr. Kirken-
dall visit Grinnell. His lecture has opened
up a whole area of what students want
no talk about; the quanion now remains,
“Are students going up continue to open
that door?"

This student body is capable of the
most pejorative of criticism and yet
regardless of where they place the ob-
ject at issue on Lhe scale or their likes
and dislikes the important point lies in
answering the question, "Where do we
go imm here?“ To talk about an issue,
maybe develop it a little, and then
shelve it when it becomes last week’s
discussion topic is missing the point. And
I believe a lot oi points have been missed
on this campus.

By MARILYN COCHRAN

BEYMER’S

King's Food Host U.S.A.

SCARLET AND BEACK

 

consraucrlou has begun on the new 2.l million dollar Physical Ed-
ucation Compiex. Thus tar his toundaiion walls have been eroded.
Progress on the new building is reported only slighrly behind schedule.
Opening at the new complex is let for July I970.

 

0.6 (or

By RON STANFORD

A month in Washington DC. A night-
mare of machine politics, jowlish con-
gressmen, and Pigs in the Street vanish
at the visions of the glowing Capitol
dome, the Lincoln Memorial, and Tas-
ro's Restaurant and Bar (17th and P St.

N.W.). One becomes inspired, even in-
ebriated by the glory that is Our Na-
tion's Capital.

Little did I realize, however, that
Grinnell College, community of which
i am a member, plays such a large
role in this, our iederal government.

One day I wandered through an oilice
building on Pennsylvania Avenue, as l
am wont to do, past ofﬁces of lobbyists
— the Teamsters, the Remember the
Pueblo Committee, the Forget the Pue-
hlo Committee, when what to my won-
dering eyes should appear, but a ma-
hogany door with a bronze plaque which
stated, “Grinnell Associates, Grinnell,
Iowa." Maybe, I thought, they can't
spell ‘College.’ I could think of no rea-
son why Collegium Grinnelli would have
a Washington attire, but the Wayne
Feeds has even less reason for a lob-
byist.

I entered cautiously, trying to expel

For School or
Typewriter
Supplies

Grinnell
Office Supply

A01!” min the Fur om“
GRINNELL. IOWA

spondent Reports

fears of T.H.R.U.S.I-I, Dr. No, and secret
CIA subsidies. The receptionist was not
in the room, and I permitted myseli a
generous look at the ofﬁce. The desk
was clear or any papers that could offer
a clue to what Grlnnell Associates real-
ly was or were. In one comer there
stood a filing cabinet, and on the top
drawer the coded initials "RE.” were
pencilled. Poweshiek Eradications? Pa-
gliai Epidemics?

The secretary interrupted my musings
when she entered and asked if She could
help me, I did not know exactly what to

say, so, of course, I asked her it she
was irom Grlnnell, lowa.

“More or less," she replied.

:Do you, uh, know, uh, Floyd Beav-
er."

“Who? Oh, you mean the mayor? No,
I just went to the college there — Grin-
nell College." Just what I needed.

"Well, that's why I stopped here. I’m
a student at Grinnell, and I was just
passing by and saw the sign on the
door. . . Is this an oiﬁce oi the college?"

“Uh, not officially, er, I mean . d .
Wait just a moment, please.”

She walked back to the door through
which she had just entered and leit
tor a tow seconds. She came back smil-
ing and said conﬁdently, “Would you
like to meet the boss?” Without waiting
for an answer, she showed me to the
door and closed it behind me.

There he was. The familiar face
smiled at me from beneath the four
lamiliar rig leaves, this time in bronze.
on the wall to the right were several
autographed photographs nl congress-
men, and to the left, an architect's con-
ception oi the proposed physical educa-
lion complex. We exchanged the usual
pleasanlries, you know, T. S. Eliot: and
all that. Then I took a closer look at the
picture which had become so iamiliar
to me on the Cowles placemats. At the
lower right hand corner were the words,
“Thomas J. Dodd Athletic Center."

Before I had time to recover (mm the
shock oi this discovery, the secretary
entered and said to the boss, “Your
visitor is here, Sir." I left politely, but as
l hurried out through the receptionist’s
Office I heard her say, “You may Come
in now. I'm sure the President will
greatly appreciate your donation, Mr.
Agnew."

Page Fivo

DRAFT NOTES

(Ed. hotel For individual draft
counseling, call ext. 355 or stop by
Conference House at 1205 Park
Street. If you plan to go to graduate
school part lime and work part time,
you may be able to obtain an occu-
pational deferment.)

As predicted, monthly drait quotas
have jumped back to precampaign
levels. The day alter the national elec<
tion, it was announced that during Jan-
uary, 1959, a total or 26,800 conscripts
would be inducted.

On November 21, a “New York
Times” article indicated that the numd
bar or draltees with college degrees has
risen from under 5% to 15%, since the
summation of most deferments {or
graduate students. The situation for stu-
dents may well get a good deal rougher
in the spring. Selective Service oliicialr
predicted that students would make up
as much as 90% of the draft callrupa
in many states. The defense department
said 63% of the total 240,000 predicted
for 196869 would be students. so [at [his
has not been taking place due to poli-
tics. Under present draft regulations;
the oldest males are iirst to go, and
grad students newly classified l—A ard
perfect targets.

In October, General Hershey sug-
gested to state Selective Service direc
tors that local boards postpone the in»
duction orders oi graduate students un-
til the end of the term during which thl
order is received.

Congress and nrait Laws — Senator
Philip A. Hart (D-Mich.). in a speech
to [he fall session of the Yale University
Political Union, has dismissed the idea
or a volunteer army as “practically un-
workable” and urged instead the adop-
tion of national service as an altema-
tive to military service. Hart proposed
a system in which draft Iegistrants
would be given three choices: volunteer-
ing tor three years of national service
in such organizations as the Peace
Corps or VISTA, or, entering a "primo
selection group" irom which one could
be draited-as-needed for a 21/2 year term
or service. Those entering the prime se-
lection group would remain in the group
for one year and would be subject to
call based upon a lottery system. Capi-
tol Hill sources report that a maiur draft
reform bill will be introduced in the 915:
Congress by Hart and other senators.
perhaps embodying I-{art' 5 “three-
choice” proposal.

Grinnell Draft Inlormation Center

GLASSES

Made and Repaired
in Our Laboratory

Contact lenses

Cases and
Solutions

Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3777

E. ]. Jensen. 0.0.

OFTOMETRIST

Across from Post Office

Closed Thurs. PM.
and Sat. PM.

 

Page Silt

SCARLET AND BLACK

Friday. January 3|. I96?

 

 

News Briefs

Scholarship Awarded

Lynn Adams, '70, is one of 82 wilego
students selected by The Newspaper
Fund to receive $500 scholarships after
a summer of work as beginning report‘
ers. The interns will secure their own
jobs and will be paid regular newspaper
wager for summer reporting. The intern
program is designed to give each stu-
dent at least 10 weeks of practical
knowledge and experience in news re-
porting.

u o a

Playboy Arrives

Brice Draper, a representative from
Playboy, wiii be on campus Wednesday,
Feb. 5. {lo will meet with the R. Afr
in the attemoon and conduct a tree-
wheeling discussion in the South Lounge
at 8:00.

sec

Plero. Starving

Pterodnctyl starving to death!
Bakers, buyers wanted {or bake sale to
feed our beast. You still have time to
bake something! Deliver the goods to
140G East Street, call 5-6971 for pickup
service, or bring your wares 10 Quad or
Cowles between 9—ll a.m. Saturday.
Buy goodies all day tomorrow at Quad
and Comics.

56A Position:

The following positions are open to stu-
dents in: the second semester in the
Student Government:

Two position: on the Student Senate.
Ono posIIIon on the PPPE Advisory
Committee, positions on the Ad lino
Book Store Committee. the Library Com-
mittee. and the Initiative Fund Commit-
‘09.
People interested contact Tom Trip-
Iett. Tom Thomas, or drop a note in the
SGA mail box.

000

Internships Announced

Michael Brandon, ‘70 and Steven Otto,
’11 will be the Political Reporter Interns
this semester. Brandon will intern with
the Associated Press and Otto with the
United Press International. Beginning
Feb. 3. the interns will spend one whole
day each week for ten weeks in Des
Moines, dividing their time between the
Iowa General Assembly and the down—
town oiiices DI the Wire services.

out

Double Feature

This Sunday there will be a showing
oi two films in A. R. H.

5:00 The Pawnbroker-

8:30 Beauty and the Beast

TASTY
PASTRY

Bakery
Goods

1534336 923 Broad

Rosenfield Lectures

Costly Disappointment

By RON SIEINIIORN

One thousand dollars was the prlco
paid to Rosenl‘leld lecturer Glen 11 Sea-
borg for two disappointing lecturer.
Though his stated purpose was to Show
the relationship oi atomic energy to
the International situation, Seaborg only
obliquely covered this topic.

Wednesday nighl‘l lecture was an
enumerstiou at post accomplishments
OI the AEC DI which Seaborg I! Chair‘-
mon. International Atomic Energy Corn-
rnission, the possible peaceful uses of
atomic pow”, and fixture applications
of atomic power. Impressive as these
achievements are, anyone could find
them in an encyclopedia. It this was
not being condescending enough, his al<
tilillie toward the Soviet nuclear scien-
tisls at a first meeting with them in
1955 was condescending, He was amazed
to find they were “real people very
much like ourselves.” While the drama
oi the cﬂnlerences must have been real.
Seaborg failed to mention the opposition
to this conference Within the U,S.. as
well as our desperate efforts tn create
a nuclear superiority over the Russians
at the time. He further disregarded
U.S actions when he explained why the
U. r-Soviet agreement oi 1968 to ex-
change scientific intormation was not
approved by the (1.5., because “oi
course, the tragedy of the Czechoslo-
vakian invasion" made it Impossible.
He iorgot about v.5. involvement in
Vietnam which tho Russians saw ﬁt to
ignore in 1904 when they implemented
a similar agreement with us.

The second lecture was saved from
being such a complete disaster by at
least being relevant. Seaborg dealt with
the Nuclear Non-Proliiemtioin treaty, in-
ternational checks, and the ability of the
highly industrial nations to produce
nuclear weapons now and in the
near nlture. He was at his best
when he was able to bring his tech-
nical, rather than administrative point
of View to hear on these questions. but
tailed too often to bring across this point
0! view.

What he did not say was most reveal~
lug. He spoke about Us. precautions in
the prevention of use of radioactive
iuels for weapons when sold to other

countries. but did not indicate tllat the
[1.5. was going to stop making nuclear
weapons. Also unexplained was US. aid
in the use of nuclear explosives to build
a harbor in Australia, and die lack of
(1.5. relations with the nuclear power.
Red China.

Perhaps having a big name speaker
like Seaborg was a good thing for col-
lege publicity, but for the audience ho
was highly unsatisfactory. The choice at
I scientist I! not objectionable, but Sea-
borg's limited treatment or such an im-
portant topic was disappointing.

) Perspectives
(($th from Page 2)

role of the mass media, the American
economy and the military machine. and
other important aspects of the United
States' thought and action. This will be
done with the intention of presenting
facts not usually reported by the mass
media.

! hope that the ideas presented herein
will be thought over and not brushed
aside. If there is to be a social revolu-
tion within the U.S., the place to begin
I! within the minds of the people. I sin-
cerely hope that some steps can be lak-
en towards this revolution through the
presentation of new (acts and ideas with-
In this column.

 

SPECIAL
25% on: _

ON ALL PIECES OF
' AMERICAN TOURISTER

"TIARA"

LUGGAGE

IN STOCK

Toies
Fitted Overnight:
Train Cases
Weekends
Pullman:
Wardrobes

Green
Blue
Scarlet

White
Fawn

Poynters 4n Ave. Fashions, Inc.

GRINNELL'S COMPLETE

STYLE SHOP FOR WOMEN

SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY

Store
Noon 'Til 9 Mondays; 9

Hours:
"III 5 Tuesday thrlr Saturday

 

Gentlemen Beware
IT'S BROWN'S ANNUAL

LADIES' SHOPPING SPREE

$300“... for 3 Days

‘I’Ilat's right for only $3.00 a pair you can have your selection of ladies' shoes located or: special racks
for your convenience. Values '0 $15.00: Starts Friday. Jan. 3] “tr Monday. Feb. 3

SPECIAL RACKS

$5.00 Ind 57.00 rack: on famous brand name shoes. values to $15.00. all slxu. colors. styles.

BROWN'S LADIES' SHOPPING SPREE

THE
FAMILY
SHOE
STORE

HOURS
only mi mo PM.

 

January 3 I, I969

XCARLET AND BLACK

SPORTS

Struggle Pays Off

Last Saturday, Grinnell’s "struggling"
wrestlers oonm’uued their individual win~
hing records, ﬁelding a triple duo in Wis-
mnsin. Three Iowa warns, Grinncll, Cor-
nell. and Coe, wrestled each of three
Wisconsin teams, Beloit, Ripon, and
Iaw-rence. Grinnell's Kraitsik, Laden,
Glick. mppel, Wedding. and human
were all undefeated in their three
matches at the meet, While Kawahara
and Hutchings each had two Wins
and one defeat. Thesp victories enabled
Grinnell {9 remain undeleated in the con-
ferenoe. Kraitsi‘il’. and Wedding both re-
tain ma'r 6-0 records making ﬂhem prime
comenders for conference championships
in meirweight divisions.

Coach Kimbo should be highly wm—
meyided for molding eight wrestlers into
nﬁneteamuiathasagmdshotattha
conference championship. Obviously un~
dammed in every "meet. the wrestlers
still continue their winning ways. The
teammanimportanthomedwthls
Saturday at 4:00 pm in Badly gym.

Frosll Victory

ﬁlmy night, the Freshman Bas-
ketball Team won their ﬁrst game of tho
season by beating Knox’s freshman 58-
56. The Freshman, now 1-1 for the sea-
son, are led by 8-8 Bob Burnett at center,
63 Gilbert and 613 Meyer at the for-
wards, and $1 Bombinski and 6-1 Hirsch
at the guards.

The Fresh are like the Pioneers in
that they are good shooters but weak
on dcicnse and rebounding. This was
reﬂected in the high score of their 92-91
overtime loss. Primarily, their main
problem is a lack of conditioning caused
by a six—week layoff.

Originally, Coach Boyd planned on
using a slow offense, and a man to man
defense with a press as the team got
into condition, bu‘ the Freshman beat
Knox by playing very strong defensively
while playing weekly on onensc. This
may cause Coach Boyd to reconsider his
strategy for the Friday game against
Cornell.

Pioneers Miss By One

Tuesday‘s heart-stopping 5953 1055 to
Knox gave the Grinncll College Pioneer
basketball team an o7 conference re—
cord. Autemptlng to improve his team,
Coach Bowers has slowed down the Grin-
nell offense. This strategy change was
panu'mly mponslble for the close scores
oi the Cornell and Knox games

However, in the Knox game, despite
the strategy ohangc, problems with de-
fense rebounding and consistency of play
were still present. In the first half. Grin-
hell was scoreless for four and a half
minutes and made only 30% of their
shots. in outuebounding the Pioneers 19~
11, Knox, on many occasions, had threa
or tour players wanking aminst one or
zero Pioneers under Grinnell's offensive
basket.

in the second half. the situation was
reversed. The Gninnell defense held Knox
to two points in five and a halt minutes.
while the “tense scared ten points to
give Grimell the lead. The Pioneers
tied Knox in rebounding but they still lost
it few because of imperfeot cooperation
under the boards. Gl‘irulell's guards,
woreless in the first half, scored thirteen
crucial points in the second half.

The second half of the Knox game
showed Gninnelll's potential. if this im-
proving tcam can establish mnsistency
or play, it could win the majority of their
renaming games. whatever happem.
everyone should come to the games on
Friday and Saturday because they Will
be very good, just like the Knox game.

"NOT SINCE WATERLOO
have Swedcsl Sorted them-
selvcs with martial dcedsJ No
one seemed to suffer puinr/
Watching Bismark rapa the
DancaJ Similarly; Sweden
possedl' When the crazy
Kaiser massedJ Nor did
Norway’s nwlul rate/ Malrc
the Swedish escalath
Finally, they’ve struck u
Maw” s..,._ r». . m zuvv gi-
den’xrecogm'r» milkyr'“‘i”‘r’r2
my..." limos?”-
N'. v. low. M'

Page Seven

Student Considers Future of Music Dept.

By ANN KIRSCHNER

This seems to be a bad year for string
quartets: the world is losing the Budd-
pest and Griinnelll is losing the Lenox.
However, the world will continue to sur-
vive, and it is now up to the music (le-
partment of me college to gather up its
resources and prepare to go it alone,
without the educational and performance
skills of the Messrs. Marsh, Pettys, Mc<
Call and Hersh.

There is no doubt that the benox has
been a drawing card for many students.
both prospective music majors and oth
'ers, and undoubtedly some professors.

Swimmers Meel
Monmouth Defeat

The Monmouth College swimming
team defeated Grinnell 48 to 47 on Jan-
uary Z5. Grinnell was never behind till
the last event. Monmouth lost no dual
meets last year, and they have four
excellent swimmers back. However.
they lack depth and young swimmers.
Grillnell’s team is stronger than ever
before. It is a young team, having but
one senior, a bevy of juniors, and six
sophomores.

Grinnell swims Beloit and Lawrence at
home 4:00 pm. January 3i and 1:30
pm. February 1.

Monmouth 48,
Grinnell 47

AW MEDLEY RELAY: l. Grinneil (\vil-
hams, Meyer. Dale, Gordon) 4151.4
mo Monmouth rntryi

zoo FREE. l. Lloyd M) 1:5”; 2. Mc-
Elam (c). a. Young (M)

5n FREE l. Eastman (M) 22.5 (new
Monmouth pool recordl; 2 Rollins
((37 22.3 (new Grinneli school rec-
am); 1. Kuye (M)

zoo lNDlVlDUAL MEDLEY: l. Meyer
(G) z:l4,7 (new Grinne school teen
on“. 2. Diem (M); a. m (G)

DlVlNG: l. rronlich (at 165.5; 2, Smith
(M): a Grahlm (at

BUTFERFLY l. Williams (Gl 2:221; 2.
Clayton (M); 3. pair to)

loo runs: l. ursu-nnn (M) 5m; 2, Rol-
lllls (Gt. 3. Kaye (M)

sou FREE. I. Cluylon 5:535 (M.
nlaln (G); J. Klufmnn (G)

zen nncnsruoxn. l. Lloyd (M) 2.25.2;
2. rummslsou (M); l. Swackhamzr

(G)
zoo unznsrsrnont:
2 Sfekert (G): HEW]: (M)
(00 FREE RELAY: I. Monmouth (hast.
rnan, Lloyd, Clayton. Diem) 3.34.1

l. Meyer is) 138.5;

 

Would You Join Us
Sunday For A Fine Meal?

We're Open From 8 am. Till 2 pm.

Just For You

TOM'S LONGHORN

"FINE FOOD m A FRIENDLY WESTERN ATMOSPHERE"

and there is no question that it has en-
riched the artistic life of the college in
general, and the education of the music
students in particular. In fact the Lenox
has had such an imp-ant on the musical
life of Grinnell that it is more or less
being asstuned that a comparable in-
strunienlal group will be hired in its
place. However, without meaning to de-
precate the worth of die Quartet, i think
it would be instructive and highly bene—
iicial to the entire college community to
consider the alternatives to a setup such
as has existed with the Lenox.

Several ideas Come to mind in thinking
of ways to enhance the music curriculum
and extracurricular ohen‘ngs at Gr' -
nell. For instance, why not extend in -
tdtions L0 musicians of various idioms.
such as vocalists, conductors, brass play<
ers, etc. to participate in brief midsu-
tlal programs. such that at least one dil-
ferent musician will be in residence at
Grirmell each year? This could be com—
pamble tn the exchange program in
which the theatre department is partici-
pating with the Milwaukee Repertory
Theatre under a Rockerfeller Fund
grant. The musicianunqesidenoe for the
semmer or year would teach a course.
give recitﬂs. hold workshops. and gener-
ally be available in all interested metri-
bels of the college community.

Other suggestions that have come up
include expanding the concave“: so
as to divem'fy the annual presentations.
Another idea is to hire three or four peo-
pie who are primarily music attractors.
out who would. of course. also he dampe-
tent performers. The emphasis hero
would be on encouraging more student
pcriormanocs. with this program, it
would su'll be ﬁnancially possible to ex-
pand the concert series, supplementing it
won lesser-known performers who would
lie willing to give lectures as well 3:
concerts.

The music department is undergoing
comprehensive alterations for next year.
with more curricular emphasis being
given to course offerings of a non-tech—
nical nature geared to non-music stu-
dents who have a desire to enlarge their
music education, but who have run had
sufﬁcient prerequisites to enroll in cur-
rently » offered music courses.

A reappraisal of the role or the en-
tire music department on this campus
mold make that department one of the
strongest in the college. it is an oppor-
tunity that should not be bypassed.

{—I—J
Skating Lessons
Offered

Anyone interested in getting their
minor in figure skating and/or learning
the basics ol lo: skating. show up at
the rink Mondays through Friday: from
12:45 - 1:45 (weather condition! permit-
ting). Jean Kummervw will begin teach-
ing Monday. February 3. it you havI
any questions call loan at extension 572.

Step Up To

JD'S RESTAURANT

mvi Main
Ma... . Sat. 5 to la pm.
Sunday # Noon to lo p.m.

 

Page Eight

Dems. Reconvene

0n the weekend of January 25th and
26th, Mr. Gilmour, Mika Siegel, and Tod
Friedlander participated in a conference
held in Iowa City to develop a blueprint
for the future of the Iowa Democratic
Party. The conference was attended by
about eighty of the state's leading Demo-
crats — including err-governor Bob Ful-
ton, err—treasurer Paul Franzenhurg,
.Congressman John Culver, and legisla-
tive leaders Bill Gannon and Andrew
Frommelt.

The party is usually considered as
part of "the Establishment." however
Democrats of all viewpoints were ill-
vited to take part in the review of the
party, and the young "radical liberals"
were given an equal voice. At the close
of the conference, those unending were
dlvided into general area task forces in
which they are to propose specific rec-
ommendations for change, and justifi-
cations for them.

I found cause for both hope and dis-
may in the conference. Thu hope lies in
the fact that the conference was called
and more will follow, and in the strong
possibility that many needed and help-
ful changes will be instituted. The dis-
may arises from the bulit»in limitations
of the conference: the young, the Black,
and the poor are not party “leaders."
More representatives of these groups
should be present to mold the party into
a more meaningful and relevant spokes-
man for the people of this country.

m

Indian Seeks
C.O. Siaius

San Francisco (CPS) — when he was
drafted, Donald H. Britsie, a Navajo
youth, wrote his draft board, “I am an
American Indian. I do not want to be
draft .”

Eleven months later he went on trial
in a court here, pleading that a iooyear-
old treaty between the Navajo nation and
the United States says the Indians “will
never kill or scalp white men nor at«
tempt to do them harm."

Hritsie also said he is a follower of the
Great Spirit, who teaches that men
should not kill other men, and thus is
entitled to conscientious objector status.
“That is the way i live," he said.

But an ail-white jury convicted Britsie
Di induction refusal. He will be sentenced
next month by Judge Lloyd Burke, who
seemed to be troubled by the jury’s ver-
dict. “There were some peculiar cir-
cumstances, not usually encountered, in
this case," he said. “The verdict proba-
bly reﬂects the dtnitude of the community
as a whole."

SWEDE'S

GRINNELL
LAUNDRY

serving aolil Campus
Cleaning Agencies

We Specialize In
Shirts & Slacks

Skirts & Blouses

'I-DAV SERVICE

Home Owned 8r
Managed

SCARLET AND BLACK

Latest On KDIC

KDIC, the campus radio station, is
now fully licensed to operate by the
Federal Communications Commission.
The “temporary broadcast authority"
has been replaced by a 10 watt educa-
tional FM license, good ror three years.
Broadcasting at 89.5 megacycles on the
FM band, KDIC will be on the air daily
from nine am. to at least one am, and
Sundays from eleven to one. Classical
music will be broadcast four days a
week, from 1 pm. to 4 pm. and from
3:30 pm. to 10:30 pm. jazz is played
in the late evening on Mondays and
Tuesdays, and rock and folk alternate
in the mornings and at mealtimes. Sat-
urday will again be mostly ruck. Several
all-night allows. starting at i. am. are
another continuing feature.

The “special programs”, scheduled
horn 4 pm. to e p.111. and mo in 3:30
on weekdays, an expected to improve
over last semester's. Due to the contin-
uing lack or cooperation trom the ad-
ministration, ”Hurling Place” will be

dropped as a regular teuture. Among the
highlights at this semester will be sever-
al series of programs from the Canadian
Broadcasting Cooperation, including lec-
tures, both single and serialized dramatic
programs, and documentaries. KDIC
will also be broadcasting special pro-
grams from Radio Netherlands. the
French Radio System (yes. “Patricia in
Paris" will continual), and the Pan:
American Union. Also scheduled for thil
semester are a series or ltaiian operas.
and a documentary series on ltalian
film—making. A complete schedule of
speClal program will appear regularly
In the 55:3.

KDIC Schedule
Jan. 31 - Feb. 7

Joli. al — 7:25 Basketball live rrbnl
Darby — Grinilell vs. Cornell

Feb. l —. 1:25 Live basketball rrorn
Darby Gym ~ Grinnell vs. Florida
Presbyterian

ran. 2 — mo Hal Canto _ Italian Opera
series
7:30 . ho hum Runners” _ adven-
ture h "Tile Case ot the Dlgby
Chlcks”

Feb, 3 — 4:00 “who Were the Ones" L
slants and song nbnur Canadian
Indians
4:15 Dutch Foikiore Relived
mo French Music and French Mull.
clans _ Lulii
7.30 RCplay oi' the Klrkendall Sex
Lecture “premarital Sex and inter-
personai Relationships ..

Feb 4 _ Lnu Lecture sent-s — John
Kenneth crlbrnllh "The rollrles or
Privation" —- part 1
43a 1967 Expo Lecture: Dr. Barbara
Ward inrrnsh Economist] "a New
History”

We The SGA Show (topic to be an-
nounced)

Feb. 5 ma Replay of first Rosenield
Lecture by Glenn Seaborg
ma "Theatrical Colloquium" — an.
hour documentary on the lnrernatlonal
Conference on the Theater held nt
15pr 67. featuring theater experts
iron on over the world.

Feb. o — 4:00 France Applauds — Con-
temporary popular French music
4:30 Five centuries of Dutch music
man New Folks in Town — tolk muslo
series

Feb. 7 —- (:oo Pun-American Concert .1
featuring artists irom the countries o
the Fan-American Union
1:25 Live basketball lrorn Darby

It’s

THE VARSITY

NEWSSTAND

FOR

SMOKES,
SNACKS,
BOOKS.

Friday, January 3i} 1%!

Do You Lead a Dog's Life?

By LEE MARIE

There are three distinct types or Grin-
nell dogs, the town dog. the college dog.
and the import. I will focus my attention
on the latter two, with the specific in-
tention that the average student often
ignores the indigenous variety in favor of
the educated outsider and the ambitious
insider. By no means do I mean to of-
fend the town dog, it is merely that. I
teel that a detailed description is not
within the scope or intent of this article.
The dog which you might see before
you playing in the snow is not there by
chance. Rather, one might say. he is
predestined by his superior environment
and innate intelligence. Born of middle
or upper-middle class parents. he now
turaiiy gravitate: toward non-athletic.
intellectual endeavors. He spends his
early childhood not as a car-chaser, but
as a time-motion expert. He is interested
in the shoe as an aesthetic piece or leath-
er whose function varies with its owner.
Sam the dog is a typical example. Ai-
lensted from his peers, disowned by his
family, he finds peace and solace in the

NUDES NEEDED

By JONATHAN STEIN

"nlalt they were naked —- and they
were ashamed." How did it come to
Pass that this r-qnnber sound himself
sitting in an art class drawing a retty
young thing who was dressed in ack~
lace leotards, knee-high black boots, and
holding a braided whip?

It should be noted at this point that the
reporter thought he attended a small it-
beraiarte college, not a seminary.

Why can't art classes use nude models
for figures studies? What objections will
be raised it an ant student wishes to
study the beauty or the human form?

Perhaps our Public Relations Dept.
will tear destruction o! town-student,
student-teacher, teacher—town, strident-
studellt, and many other relationships.
Our “Morals" Dept. will surely be ill-
fiamEd. This reporter asked himself how
he would feel ii, while standing in a din-
ner-line. a girl he had been drawing only
a few hours before. came up to him and
tried to cut in line. These and other obs
jecbions, of questionable validity, will be
used to raoionalize the lack of nude
models. However, even if the model must
be imported from out of town and the
college spend a few extra dollars, nothing
can justify the graduation oi an art
major without exposure to this tor-m of
art.

Just think: Had there been nude mod
els in 1960. the open dorm issue might
never have arisen.

isolation which Grinneli College offers.
He is seldom hungry, he beneﬁts enor-
mously from the library (much the same
as a contact high), and he is a confirmed
user of the Barber Plaza ice rink ("YeahI
I skate, what's it to you?"). He corn.
mente on Saga tood, “well, it you close
your eyes We not so bad, and besides,:
you can eat all the vegetables you want. .

This reporter found it very hard to in.
terview the import. Seldom to be found
in class. in forum garbage cans, or the
newspaper rack in the library, this
unique type of dog prelers to remain in
his oft~campus dwelling. Beulah the dog,
however, was an exception. I found hes.
unite a conversationulist and although it
took several beers before she loosened
up, it was worth the effort. Beulah comes
to us from Oklahoman she still remem-
bers dustbowl times when her parentsI
so she was told, were niten mistaken foe
rabbits. Such experiences have intense
tied her desire to “improve her mind"
and “get ahead" in the real world. She
ll very glad she is at Grinneil and. be- :
ﬂavor that “what Grinne'll can offer I
serious student" should not be tam
lightly. Although Beulah seldom comes
on campus during the day, she does
make it to the Lenox concertS. "especio
ally now that they're leaving." About
school in general she replied, “If they're
going to act ‘ln loco parentir.’ then
why don’t they cook like my mother?"
Her relations with town dogs worry hen
but while she finds it very hard to come
munlcate. "i find that they're dogs like
everyone else."

No story would he complete without a
conclusion, so in conclusion I find it aps'
proprlate to quote the oldest dog east
or the Mississippi. Questionil "Do you
find being a dog at Grinneli personally
satisfying?" Answerl “Well, to tell you
the truth, it's not paradise lost."

Sanitary
Barber Shop

Giles .Iay

lob 4th Ave.

 

SPECIAL
THIS WEEK!

AND THE NEXT. AND THE NEXT. AND THI NEXT,

OUR PIZZA is ALWAYS SPECIAL". TRY IT SOMETIMI. YOUR

PLACE OR OURS'I.

AHRVANO'S PIZZA

Tom 8r Bette Gurbison

ADDRESS HERE:

235-6222

 

