Oldest College Newspaper
West of the Mississippi River
chrome!
gratis an) ﬂact
VOL. LXVlllGrinnell College, Grinnell. Iowa. Friday. December 8. Iqbl No. l2
 
Christmas winners
Feature T additions
Fanfares Herald i'Y' Dinner
Dinner destination Will Be Sunday
Trumpet failures on north
campus along with the spent of
lines and the soft glow of candlelight on south campus will
herald the opening of two Grill»
well Christmas traditions on runs
day.
The Boar's Head dinner will
begin at 6:30 pm, in Cowles
dining room. Following the first
trusted january, the men will
The 27th annual rule Log did.
new, sponsored by the YWCA
Will take place Sunday evening
at 6 in the Quadrangle dining
room with the rule Log ceremony following in Main lounge.
in keeping ‘with the tradition
set in years past, upperclass women will escort their little studies, and all the women will
wear white for the occasion.
Grace will be song by the women
enter the dining room followed 0f the whole- ‘
by invited faculty guests. , Guests for the rule Log did.
lner are Mr. and Mrs. Edward 5.
After a sevenﬂ fanfarei Pres— IAllcn, Mrs, patrick coleman,
event Howard R. women and MW Howard E. Eowm Mrs
hundred guests will enter the Luella E, weather” Evelyn
hall. These guests include url- ,Gmdne,’ den. 0.- women; Mm
win Foxv ’39. chairsﬂn 0f the karma M, Hall, Mrs. June Main,
board oi Trustees; James James sum and M..s_
, as
matters Bob Reynolds, Albert
Cowles dining room.
Senate Passes Edgren By-Law; V ,
Second Vote Comes Wednesday I
The Student Senate got half. precise results of tlie references through one of its therapist .1“... 5m“ be “posted by u...
problems by passing almost un- . .
. i l ,, Executive Cabinet to all rcaiiimously, the ‘Edgl‘en byslaw , , ,
at its Wednesday night meet. 33:3,?“ “l “‘9 59'1““ "5“”
ing, The byelow must. be passed
The hit-law: must be based at
again next. week before it can .
be included in the constitution. the next Senate meeting future
it becomes oﬁ‘lt‘ill policy and can
The byelaw was originally ,, , . ,
submit .0 me Senate COW bo mtlllded in the‘constitution.
initial on Budgets, romance
tions and contributions by Gates
hall representative John Edgren,
It had been recommended by
the committee last week, but
had been sent. back when several senators questioned some
realistic and statistical errors
in its working.
The corrected resolution, as
presented to the Senate Wednesday night, reads as follows: ”Upon passage of a resolution by
the Student. Senate, the Same
resolution shall be Subject to a
campus-wide references if So
requested by (1) the Executive
The Senate also heard and
approved a proposal “that triple
null College money’for participation in the NSA For-sign Stu—
sent Leadership Project" The
proposalwasmadc by Craig Henderson, chairman of lntcrnatioir
a1 Affairs Committee,
Under this project, 15 to 25
students are selected each year
to study at african colleges
and universities, ’a‘hesc students
take a light academic load and
assume an active role in the
student government. interactions
at relations program and other-
plant, Mike Davis and Otto Schmink research for their via'ts
in the annual Boar’s Head dinner. The traditional dinner, [or men only, will he held Sunday in
,this
Spence. chairman of the Gada-,
lung and Christina: cookies,
Stauss, dean oi the college;
Stephen Wood, clean of men: l
William McKibben, college l
marshall; and Grant Gale,i
chairman of the faculty,
l
The traditional seminar's p1ay,‘
“St, George and the Dragon" will
be presented, followed by the'
presentation of the jewel by;
President women to St. George}
This year‘s cast will include: R
s, villas- as Father Christmas.
John Williams as the doctor,
keith Tracy as the Turkish
Knight, Mike Burr as the patient
soldier, allah Stanley as St.
George and Dave Palmer as
Saracen. The play will be all'et‘art
cd by allah Stanley,
The final trusted january periods the Boar Head profession
with the men's glen club sing»,
line the traditional Boar's Head
,carol. After the Halberdiers
dancelsalute the Boar's Head, the Latin
Sue‘grace will be said. and normal
trusts will be exchanges,
boots committee, will be named‘ The Boar-'3 Head ceremony
“Dans Med Jultomten," which has been imported by crime”
ls Swedish for "Dance With from sure’n‘s College in Oxford,
Santa's HClPl‘ Hold from ' 0 England, Two legends attempt to‘
run. to 12:30 am Thursday in explain the custom which has,
party gym, the dance Will can-‘been an annual event in England,
for a r G Ll n d a Scandinavian is...“ me 12.1. century, ‘
theme, l the ‘
Skitcl Henderson‘s band will ceremony to an ancient site
play ‘ couples dance in a of the Norseman, who would'
homes atmosphere, contpletcl sacrifice a iii- to greater,:
with an and-[ftshloned Swedlshl
Christmas tree and numerous}
Jultomleiis placed around the‘
room, Refreshments will be cage
Dance planners
For Thursday
The Christmas formal
year, according to
one legend attributes
their god of peace and plenty.
as he code a boat during his re—
various missions.
l The other says that an Eng-
,lists student killed a boat that at-,
Special guests will lnClUdeitackcd him by charming an
Dr. and Mr: Howard R. women printable text down the animal's
on, Dean Exelyn partner Geor- throat, The celebration that for-,
gm Dcntel, Dean and Mrs. lower became an annual event.
James Staiiss, Mr. and Mrs. Mel‘-;
ritt Ludwig, Dean and M
Stephen Wood and Mr and Mrs, - plant can. peoples gaming
ta special
iMrs.
George queens.
At the ceremony, Mrs. Allen
will deliver the address, and
Mrs. queens will give the read-
.‘ing of the Christmas story Jill
wellington and media Haymoi-id, AWS Board and YWCA
treatments, will light the yiiie
log tire.
On December 15, 1915, press«
sent J. T. H. Main lighter the
first rule log after a candlelight
dinner in the new women's Quad—
single which had opened that
September. Since the first lights
ing, the tradition has changed
very little.
That origin, as taken from a
letter to the alum, Mary thomson
Gates, ’13, is as follows: “The
1915 YWCA president wanted
Christmas Y meet—
ing. Perhaps i had been reading
something for English about the ,
old rule log ccremonic ; perhaps
I had the suggestion from some
one on the social committee, 1 do
not remember. We held our first
Christmas dinner in the dining
YULE LOG
Cent 17. 4, cal. 4
Christmas access
To Begin Friday
Christmas access 'for Grinnell
students will begin next. Friday
afternoon at 2, At this time
classes will be discussed until
Jan. 4 when lower division
classes will resume. The absence penalty will be in effect
on both of these days, Anyone
who Cuts a class on these days
will have one half hour added
to the number of hours required
for graduation from the college.
l A special train will leave for
Chicago at 2:15 on Friday marketing Grinneii students to points
Cabinet or (2) a petition signed
by 25 percent of the student
body,
“The student body shall be
informed by the Executive
Cabinet or the date of the
references and or the result—
tion as adopted by the Son.
are not less than 43 hours
prior to the references. The
‘shall Circle' To Be Presented
“The education shall Circle,"
a payable ill two acts by vermont
Bl'cells, Will be presented tonight and tomorrow night tit S
by [he Gl‘lltllell Players in
Roberts Theater.
John Ward will play the part
of the story dolls’l‘, Grusha, the
serving girl, will be portraits
by Barbara deals. Simon, of
the Palace Guard, will be players by Mike Burr: kodak. the
student activities. i
In other actions. the Senate:
approved the appointments of,
Mary Sliousc and francis HM»!
land to the Women's Primary;
Court. and passed a motion all
location a sum not to exceed
$150 to send an SGA delaware}
to Swai-theatre College's Conful:
ehcc on discs-iiiaiiicnt Feb l6s18.
right 5am Gi-opinion. Rtltll,
Gitc build, Karen party. Floyd
Hughes. women Mnhdnnnh. Aloe
rule Michncls, Ted Mt nec
Palmer. Linda puinam, Don
Re-river, Sam Schuman, Larry
Smut-her, Alvali Stanley and
Carol wayne
The Scene of (he dialogue
is the Georgian ilrca 01‘ the
least. Because brake University
.and- the State University of
loaded To College to.
l A painting by John Singletonllhat day, the extra team ls
peoples, noted late—centurylnecessary.
pop-train artist, is being hung viii Cm Wm be permitted on
jul'line Library on the west campus ND days before ”ca.
wall of the main reading room union. These cars, which will not
The painting is here on a long-lee allowed for social purposes,
term loan from George 13, Burn» least be “guinea with mu
er of eclipse. Mass. a member moments
Formed shortly after World
War U, the orchestra has been
 
 
‘ol the Grinncll class of me. |
The painting. which has aniwomen To line
‘portrait of Mrs, Thomas Ma 7! | ad
,shall (Lucy Allen), dated 17oi,lF°rna‘ly In 0”
wrong Museum at Harvard Unisltllls year, according to _kai-b
ll‘ol‘Slly. where it had been oanellcy, Quad social chairman,
, , ’i ' tl had dining
continuously successful, appear. Abe... so , .mhcs ... starting: glen 6‘10th ‘30le given
ing regularly both on radio and H... For...“ has a go... wanted‘ . ,
- l'l criteria'niiicnt. and the
tours throughout the country. ‘is immg hung ... 5......“ meryigixﬁnlécmom will be generated,
on the west wall of the main ”
Henderson has hurt {I musical
Soviet Union immediately not-
;indirect i-aluc oi $15,000. is a
it comes to Grinnell front the The Christmas formal dinner
Henderson 1extended loan from warner. will he held at (3:30 Wednesday
television and making fieaueiitt,..se..., g..._ and player frame by the women of the choir, will
l heated at the guest tables will
Judge, by Philip powell; and
Michael. the child, by Chris
Meyer, 9-yearsold son ot Rich.
and Meyer (speech),
career which has extended into the areas of both classical
and popular music. He work—
ed for a number or years for
MetrosGoldWynsMayer Films
as arranged—composer and for
king Crosby and Frank Sin.
atra as via ist-arranged.
er the .details of either's army.
The scene of the “payable" is
the fanciful Kingdom of GruSil 1, near the Persian border.
. in times indeﬁn'l-l )ilst.
Others playing roles are line ”y ‘
dy Barnes, Connie merger, Mary The play is under the did‘CCA
Blair, Tom women, cal‘bars‘tion of red Donahue (speech).
Breckenridge, Peter woman. care Design and technical direction
til Engdahl. Ann better, James is by Richard Meyer (speech).
 
reading room
he Mrs Howard women, Dean
Evelyn partner, Mrs. Eva Buys.
the housemothers and the AWS
, VESPERS
; Following the meal at 3:30 in
l The traditional Christmas‘Roberts Theater the choir will
formal vessels will be held alwpresent its annual Christmas
,her the Christmas formal hours» concert. to be attended in formal
,day night at 12. battery. _,
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND . BLACK
Friday. December 8. HM
 
ﬁrttrlpl‘ multi ii’ildtk
Grinnell, Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE
A nectli began'lpci iiiililrsneu girls
the did local Cammiime an
rrii.iii. Keiiiscu (I to.
the Post ortirc at Cr-rririell. tori-a, under-
lm. Siibscriririori rate Slit? her school
, dance- level
Jim synthesis
l
I
l
iiini \l'ellv
. . Tom jump.
sir n IL ltiilreris. paul Samuel
I J i
. \‘tlrnst.
 
Av
who tﬁhotmail panel is]
o buses oi the Christmas time,
An absent plea to thee is made
For help wrtli this rights joel theme,
A nomenclature affiliate.
We‘ll sing an opening balulalow
For Donald Jones and Richard Howe,
And synthesize a material
For James message and Thomas, Phil.
park the Herald Angels‘color‘us
For contains, Mandcville and houston, Morris,
And let them sing another one,
For M. M. Lieberman and son.
Klausncr, Kimtz and Mr. Allan
or Christmas sheer deserve a salmon
Served in realistic bugs
And still on substantial rugs.
For President women we might record
Another enormous grant from Ford
For Ludwig and Kautrnann when Christmas comes
Let their stockings bc shut'red with attluent clubs,
A test tube filled with mistletoe
For Siiei‘isbn. Oclke and Dantoi-th, Joe;
Hang metal pics upon the tree
For Walker. vendors and Kenneth G.
String concern servers on a thread
For the Pileugerville Pilasli and powers, add;
And separate the Girls gym track
18 times 'round for Cox, Leakc, Waclc
Drop the horny and join the level
In the shelter with William Nevill;
Everything is Dionysrari,
Winston King has had a vision
,Oi Buddha rising train the sense
Along the silly river's edge
And streaming “On cancer and printer et. al.
(Good sheer to Joseph and Mrs. Wall.)
But up in the sky there arise since a chapter
The pentagon tried to examine the matter.
And sent up an Atlas association the airWhich logged in the foot ot a reindeer there,
And only janet colored Letham must know
This topssccret origin oi “missile-toe"
Season’s greetings to the Brrrkles in Japan.
CCUN and regions, Dan
To Henderson. Craig. and Martindale, holly
And the IRC, and Schol‘icld, Holly.
A Christmas opposition oi high attention
To our respected Midwestern House oi Admission:
A quiet yulctide for Poly. Sci.
rroehlrchcs Weinachtcn, Mr. Baay.
Santa please stop to see Timothy carroll,
Send El pair of spears to Tuffy carroll
And a liquid book for old EL.
Benowilz gets Leonard, who is cute as hell.
It Came upon that midnight clear,
For Snyder and calling, a 5 ft. beer,
DEC}: the calls with seller, Charlie,
will‘title and Gleysteen and Ron adult, too.
Mary F. Newman rides the problem —
Joe Okumu had the flu.
For C admin Gllmour (before it‘s too late\
Bring Kennedy and Khrushchev here to debate.
Give a grid to loops and perhaps, charles
To the students for Peace, and leader, survey,
And while we longer on animation
Here's a meal for the Washington delegation.
Round the tree in circles great
Run this recovered heads of state,
The Three Big H's and Jill perform
Two in Council and two in the form.
For the athletic world of rock
We hang a twenty Christmas rock
For treatments 01 every hall
An organized, functional Christmas hr-all.
@ilie %dmtg Hf ﬁneed
 
hy John Ward
“park" said l cnlcirng the
post ollrc “I seem to have joe
ceivecl a mi we."
My companion spoke glen—
fully. “And 1, too. have drscor»
crcd a paper oi unknown nature
in my mail box." immediately,
l shipped out my slide i lo
and computed the probability
or such a happening. The od
were 3 to 1 against the iicciii»
r-once. - »
needed
move
creative mails
and to wonder
them carefully.
“Why," said I
”it is our schedule of ﬁnfl ex
aims for this semester." . a
My companion Ward
responded. "grid rt is complete
with a handy dont-yourself
schedule for the lower division
classes. Let us return to our
room and calculate the ending
of the year."
I acquiesced and we matched
oil in the northeast direction,
my eyes searching from walking
into the wind and brown article
rated joy at the prospect an
ending the year.
We reached the
spread the various semesterexoin directions on the disks
and beds and chairs, We made
our
room E\ n d
'lit back to mil 6
and to interview
(lone. ‘Ve
our nor]:
the results.
As :\ point oi information, 1
am a junior and my companion
is a senior. Like most ju' cm
I am tolnng several lower dr—
vision coiirses My companion is
in the upper echelon in his inns
for ﬁend and has many seminars
and independent products.
imagine my horror- when I
found out that i have tire imal
engines on five Consecutive day..
But in addition, while taking
my ﬁrss chains l am still going
to be attending ﬁrss semester
classes in German. why . and
logic. During the junior liberal
arts exam I will be attending
classes in second semester Gore
man, ph , et al.
I scored for my companion
list he go mad when he saw
his schedule, for, being a senior,
he is apt to be highly nervous
and high-strong. I need not
have worried, for his exams
take place on the first three
days oi the upper di sign
schedule and he has a 28-day
vacation till upper division
classes resume. -
until non built . . ,
The semester examination
schedule is incredible wells
planned Committees must have
worked long and hard trying to
set up a schedule that would
be fair to all. Some poor store—
a master calendar and two mas—
her automatic programs of the
schedules. These we failed on
the wall. translation group
numbers to calendar dates occupied the better part at an
hour.
The next step was to trans.
pose these figures onto the
calendar. My slide rule merit—
able ilcw as 1 called out dates
and times. ascii inc were
A bowl oi massage,
A bigger ot win
For Roger C. worried Calnal sin.
mary must have worked fingers
to bones typing the graphic
agencies explaining the procedures and programs The junior
liberal arts exam syllabus is a
marketplace oi philosophy.
Whiteheadion in its simplified.
But the entire production
is s to obey the “rule ot the
greatest simplified" so iinpoiu
tent m the history of science.
é
whereas lift their heads and pocket
For Ruthie G, and Larry Smuckor
And hobbies, eddie and Zi\'in. call
And Michael A Burr, the il'until male
Keep the ClCZ‘iVGI‘S out o[ the Scapuss' reach:
Lat Sheldon toner Come back to teach.
To Cabinet Secretary. cleaner line,
A Christmas wish from Susan Klein.
And to b 'given Curtis bradford's like,
Publication rights brown seats' will.
A Christmas pot vol‘ Bennett Bean
And Stephen VVoDd. our favorite Dean.
And add a wrCzith for Evelyn G.
And James C. clause and the Family P.
A hall and hearts yulc is soon
For Diane Connolly and Roommate. Jeanne;
And for movie Newton and Margaret Post
Wt: other up an cggnog coast,
Joy to the World and Randolph Reed
To Gretc find Vivian and Susan read
And Kathy Friend and Bruce M. seeker
From Bernstein, audi, models cliccircr.
And for three wise men oi great copyright
McLean and Glenn and Paul Courtrrght;
Add some sheer for super, Pat,
And Richard Cei-verse and William plant.
For John H. deals and Richard On‘
Christmas spirits begin to pour:
Bring more Clips to hold the crew
For kelly, Hamilton and Roberts. Sue.
Merry Christmas from Hansen, Samuel and Gray
To rapids, Mai-all, nightmare-nc and May;
And to the sellers, all tlnrteeii
grid Mitchell, Mary and Thompson. Jeanne.
Sing Christmas harold in carroll Park
For Parish, brain, needed and Clark:
For the Artist's league and Cooper, party
A Surrealistic Christmas Party
To those oi you whose names area't here
Look to another joel next year;
And really, not with tongue in check
We wish you a wonderful Christmas week.
The Staff and the“ same
For tiic creature oi this schedule i would lrk to quote William oi Occam who said- “until
non saint multiplicrinda tractor
necessitatcml" This translated
roughly can mean "Don’t nlilltis
pay things beyond necessity." or
"Conliise not, lost ye be con—
raised.“
End the semester hciorc
Christmas and have n twist'eek
reading per-ion afterwards, or
else return to the scheduling
of the past with modeﬁnations,
but the way things are going
now can lead to general pam—
nova and diverse terms at i .
safety on the part at the Stu—
sent body. and the processors.
shipping out my dependence
slide rule, 1 ﬁnd that I have a
50750 chance oi passing my
exams, but the chances oi ﬁusing out which and where my
exams will be held is approve—
lately so to l . . . against.
bedford
To the Editor:
Open Lcttel‘ to Mr. \million
panama, President of the Grinnell Student Government Asso-
station.
Dear Bill: ‘
Student government at Grin.
well has had to face its first
major crisis in recent weeks.
While some oi the excitement
has died down, however, the basic issue has not yet been david—
cd. That is the question whether student government shall
have the right to express itself
on matters not directly related
to the welfare of students. Some
have felt that only campus inc
reference are the proper med.
cum for the expression of student opinion on national and in—
educational issues. Others icel
that student officers and Sans
store. once elected, must have
the freedom to vote as a body
and express themselves collect
timely on any subject in which
they are finally interested
In objective to incident res
iereda. you have expressed
the tear that only a small minority of students might turn out
to vote on a given issue. i would
consider this an argument a.
gained tl’el‘luck‘it senate I'esoluV
tioris it a rcterendum does not
give strong backing to a senate
resolution. this is an indication
that on that issue the senate
does not speak- for the student
body vol whom, then, does the
senate speak?
When senators argue that they
speak only for themselves, 2 's
is either engineers or unrealistic.
When senate resolutions receive
widespread coverage in netscape
era, on radio and Tv, it is in
select taken by the public to
represent accident opinion at
Grinncll. After all. when the
senate makes repi stations to
the college administration on
campus matters. it does mean to
speak for the student body. and
properly so. As the Preamble to
your Constitution states, "the
so A. , . . shall administer and
translate rules containing to all
aspects of student lite, . Student officers and senators are
elected for that purpose and one
ly with that purpose in mind.
II the senate is included to e »
press itself frequently on issues
oi national and international
concern whrclr will tend to be
controversial and have no page
similar relevance to campus his,
then iutirre campus elections
will be run along poll'ty lines,
Then a candidate will have to
identity himself as a Republican.
a Democrat, a Liberal, or an
Alllel'isa—Firstcr. This, you will
agree, would destroy student
government.
Student government should be
strong, It can be strong only it
it enjoys the respect and trust
of the student body. It can end
joy this position only if it ex»
cruises those functions for which
LETTERS
CONT. P. 7, COL. 1
 
Friday, December 8. I96I
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
linux quarter Will Give Concert
Th xerox quarter, which has.
overnight achieved the rank all
one of America's ﬁnest quarters,
will present a concert in Rob-l
arts Theater Sunday, Dec. lo, all
2-30 p.m. This group of ll‘lllslr‘
class met at Tanglewood only
four years ago as promo plays
era, yet already seem designed
to become one ol the “top ﬁve"
in the very near future.
in the concert Sunday they
will perform the Haydn quarter. 0p. 76, No. 4, “Sunrise";
Elliott Carter Second String
quarter (1959); and Beethoven
quarter, Op, 132. t
Elliott Carter, contemporary
American composer, won the
Pulitzer Prize in Music for his
Second String quarter (1959)
and this work has received numerous performances by the
world‘s most outstanding quad»
sets. It is described by critics
as a very difficult work by even‘
the most experienced listings,
but, at the same time enormously impressive. It is, according
to Richard Howe (music), the
most “talked about" new chamber work for several years.
The Beethoven quarter, 0]).
132, which will end the program, belongs to the famous
late quarters. The work is in
ﬁve lung movements, the third
or which is the well known
“Holy Song of Thanksgiving .
to the Divinity by a ConvaltzSA
cent, in the indian Mode." ,
The xerox quarter has received outstanding reviews across the nation. Ross carmen-.
her said in December 1960, after
their appearance at Carnegie
decimal Hall at which they did
Two Will genre
Al" enlargement Conference lung°n C°smaller
Gi-inneil has been invited to
send two generates to the “First
intercollegiate Conference on
enlargement and Arms Control”
on Feb 15713, 1962. One representative is to be sent from slut
sent government and one from
the student peace group.
The conference will study in
depth the problems that surround the achievement of peace
in the world today. The center.
once will provide students with
enough information so that they
can present the concrete proc—
less surrounding enlargement
and arms control to the Campus.\
Many distinguished persons will‘
attend the conference as speak-l
era and resource personnel. A-t
long these will be senators
Joseph Clark of Pennsylvania;
l
l
the Carter: “Rarely docs one
encounter such sweet nudity of
tone in an ensemble of paper
young inodernis it is a result
not only at pe ct innovation
and individual total reﬁcement
but also or the most exact
matching of tiinbi-cs. . , . Qtutc
literally each or the four play.
era was playing seriously. Yet
Win/5F
n
, ta
there was no confusion, no lack ’
of control, no scratching, not
even any southwest. The plays ,,
ing was still exclusive, even
though it was animated by such ,
wild intensity. Each work was
approaches in its own style and
each was brought visible to life,
for clearly the group likes the
classics as well as the modems."
The quarter is now living
in New York City, spent last
year in residence with the
Pittsburgh Symphony, and has
spent the last three summary
at Taiiglewood where they
ﬁrss met. .
All are outstanding musicians
in their own right. Peter Marsh,
1st violation. studied under l-land
Letz, Scott million and channel
th n, Theodora santa, 2nd
violation, worked with Louis
trainer and Szymon Goldbcrt,
and Paul perth, violent, studied
at Yale and under William
Primrose. Donald McCall worked
with Leonard Rose.
Sunday's concert is expected
to be one of the most substance
ing of the Grinnell College code
cart season this year. Those who
were not able to get tickets at
the Union Wednesday, Thursday
or Friday may obtain there in
the Fine Arts division office be
more the concert on Sunday. ‘
sen+ Grinnell
l
women Jack. Executive Director,
Committee for a SANE Nuclear
topic, and narrow coleman,
Prof, of Law, Cornell Univ,,
author of “An Open Letter to
the President",
The Executive Cabinet has den
cited that appointment of the
student government representative shall be by application to
the Cabinet. Applications will be
due by 5 pm. on Monday to the
Executive Cabinet mailing. and
should be accompanied by a
brief statement suggesting the
applicant's qualifications. As
with all Cabinet appointments,
, I
j .
Pat woman helps 2| young member of Uncle Sam's club to a Winston King.
roll at the annual club dinner which was lleltl in Cowlcs Tuesda
, night.
King Will Attend:
Ethics Seminar ‘,
Dr. Winston L, King, dean of
the chapel and hand professor
of applied Christianity, will rep.,
recent. Grinnell in an ethics Selnrt
anal‘ to be held at the states
University of Iowa this water—l
day.
Representatives from
Iowa’s 50 universities colleges
and junior colleges have been
invited to take part in the dis»
session of “The Responsibility
of the College for Student parties.”
The seminar is sponsored by
the S.U,I, Bureau of Labor and
Management, and School of Religion. '
each of
Plans YUIe Par’ry
The Union Christmas party
tomorrow evening will feature
a carolina tour to various places,
in the community, followed by
daughters, hot Chocolate anal
dancing in the Union lounge.
Those wishing to go warning are
asked to meet at the Union at
7:30. ,
this will lie subject to ratifica—
tion by two-things of the Senate.
Because of the nature of that
conference, seniors will be in-‘
eligible,
 
HOLIDAY ON ICE 1962
Sunday. Jan. 7
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Three
m '5 Dinner
250 Tickets Solcl
For Yuletide Fe+e
Ticket sales for the Uncle
Sam’s Club dinner totally about
250 according to Dana Dahl,
chairman of the club.
The annual dinner for the
town children was held Tuesday night in Cowles dining room.
After dinner there was a mass
migration to ARH auditorium
to view three cartoons. Following these, Santa class came,
hanging out candy cases.
Guests at the dinner were Mrs.
Robert Thomazin, director of
Uncle Sam's warehouse, Mrs.
George siemens, a YWCA advisor,
market Cox and Dr. and Mrs.
Various other
Y members of the Uncle Sam’s
board were there.
, «Admit».
(2014.:th queen
SQ“ «me
Times Square becomes National college queen savage
College Queens make
great discovery in New York!
of course, they loved the city—the fun and the excitement.
But they also learned about diamond rings—discovered there
is a way to he sure of the diamond you buy. They saw how
Artearved guarantees every diamond in writing for color,
cut, clarity and cards weight. They were impressed by the
proc] of value oﬁfred by Artcawed‘s nationally~adventure
Permanent Value Plan, backed by the quality reputation of
this 110 year old ﬁrm. And, they were most dedicated with
human/ad's magicﬁcent assessment of award-winning styles.
Visit yvllr local incurred jewelry and see all the wonder.
College ROTC Menl
Visit Air Base, fly 1
Air Science cadets l and ill
of the college's AFROTC de-,
document have recently com~§
picked a series of base visits to'
onutt Air Force Base, Omaha!
and a series of observations
nights in a UsSA out oi Dos!
points. i
fun incurred styles, including those selected as the “10 best”
by the College Queens. He‘ll tell you why Artcarved is the
diamond you’ll be sure of and proud of all the rcslol your—life.
Leave Grinnell 3:30 p.m.
See the 5:30 pm. performance. Return before '[1 pm.
$5.50
EACH
Includes: Round Trip Bus Transportation Between unknown Grinnell and the Auditorium In
Des points.
®
receive d
DIAMOND AND WEDDTNG RINGS
Ticket for $3.00 year V i 5 CB V 5 e
Either Bus on Show ticket available at $3.00 12:53:32,231: :3..,’.:‘.;:'.:
each. Call 236-4384—Or see us at 9:30 Main St. . , V. ' ,- r »
GRINNELL TRAVEL
CENTER
For some 0[ these cadets. this
was their ﬁrss visit to an our
base or their ﬁrss airplane night,
of the 45 cadets enrolled in
AS I and II, 58 percent of the
Sophomores participated in EILI‘her the base limitations or Ol'cells‘
nation ﬁights, while 63 per cent
0i the freshmen participated in
either of the two.
 
 
Canterbury congress Evening Star
 
 
ALL OF US AT WELLHOUSE WISH ALL OF YOU
THE HAPPIEST OF HOLIDAYS
 
EXCLUSIVELY
at
JOSEPH'S
In Grinnell
 
WELLHOUSE STUDIO
 
 
SCARLET ANDvBLACK
than“;
a‘s
W”
ti
‘i
I
 
The Spelunkers demonstrate equipment and technique under the direction of Kenneth whilst-
‘hansen (Biology).
fluid‘nfl‘tﬂ‘ii’o 230353 3335 “Moon River' Leodsl
Top Twelve Songs I
{in Union Jukebox
pie" cum be an appropriate _nearest1t ol his studies Chris
remark a“ observe). might makeitlansen has recently been given
Upon seeing the group of mm ia research grant to continue such
According to John Gleysleen,‘
tion committee chairman, they
allowing are the top 12 listings
in the under-
tour Speleologistg (papers) hemjstudles of underground life in
at Grinnell as they energy {minimum next year. He will also
one or the many cases they have attempt to learn the methods
been exploring. based by a cave laboratorytherev
Under the direction of Keir 5° that M “a" set up H 5mm“ U
. . label‘atom near here when he
ruth A. christianity (biology),jrcmms' y I
font, from n, 1
tables,
turkey.
holilc'made candy and
“Then we gathered, 300 strong,
in the drawing room. President
Main (probably the most hand»
one college president this
USA, has ever seen, sixth‘oo‘n
four and built for t) lit the first
rule log, with remarks about the
wonder and beauty oi the Christ—I
mass season and the hope that
we would carry it with us
wherever we went ._ country
communities or large cities, We
song two or three carlos by tire
light That was all — about a
half hour. Dean Gates carefully
a'digital box made in which to
keep it for the following year.
Each rule log is lighter from
the remains oi the previous
year's log which has been moved in the rule log fire-box.
The metal box in which Dean
_ Gates placed the first log”: sms
tribal
speaker and the singing of ”Silent
Friday, December 8,‘ I96I
EXp/are Area (are ‘YUIGT'add‘W—Explained
here now tests inside a new
box dedicated in 1551 which is
kept by the Dean of Women.
On the lid oi the box are described the names at all the
YWCA and AWS Board treatments
The ceremony today consists
of placing a breath on top of
the log that has been presented
‘in the fire-box. Both will be set
iafirc from last year‘s rule log
remains. The presented log
symbolizes the tradition of a coin
finding spirit oi fellowship while
the breath symbolizes friend—
lship and the Christmas spirit.
After the lighting of the ﬁre,
iquenchsd the log and later had‘others is traditionally the extra~
;nation of the meaning of the log,
‘a Christmas story reading, a mu-
‘ selection, a speaker, a
weight.”
i An old Quadrangle record book
‘says of the first rule Log core»
;many, “the whole hour was rest»
biol and insp ‘ng and full oi the
I Christmas spirit.”
 
the group, which varies in size
for each exhibition, explorer var
ious waves in the area Using
carried lamps for light sources
well as additional flashlights
r safety, the group crafts
ihrougli long and portions messages often on their stomach in
lzopes of discovering interesting
stations or, perhaps, a new,
proudly unknown passage.
However, ion is not the only
reason for speluliking. In additions to the feeling or a sense
of adventure, Cliristinnsen has
another purpose. He is present—
ly studying the various forms
YWCA Holds Tea
In Loose Lounge
Members of the Grinnell
YWCA held their annual faculty
wives' tea yesterday afternoon
in Loose lounge from 376.
Approximately 200 faculty
‘wives attended the function so
companies by YWCA members.
.The purpose of the tea was to
give the women and girls an opportunity to get acquainted with
one another in an informal at»
mosphere.
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
our Laboratory.
Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS-
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. 0D.
Optometrist
Across from Post Office
 
 
 
 
_ on the Union june box
On a recent exhibition to Mar -
quoketa Cave State Park the _ .
SpeLIlnkers saw some interesting mini ‘
variations and grew a few 01‘ 2. Seventh Son — rose madison]
their own. in the form of pumps,‘ 3_ A Cam” Gm 7 annie K_
cruises and scripts. Although.Doe
‘ I 01‘ warranties of this I 6 may _
”m" yp ‘ 4. The rendered — tion i
5. Unehain My Heart A Ray
‘occur, safety is of the almost im- l
law‘e strictly followed. :cmﬂes
iportanee and certain safety rules:
I One of these rules is that all; 6 please ML posters _ M3,.
‘the members of the group havelveuaus
at least two light sources as wells ~
as extra carried and water. The‘ 7. Midnight
“buddy". and often “samples"IBIaCkweli
system is carefully followed. By‘ a. Mina Bird 7 Stringmngs
follow-ing these and a few other 9‘ The Fly _ Chubby speakers
example but extremely important 10 1 Understand __ Gmefsi
‘predictions Spelunking can be a - ,
usage yet at the same time an en-‘ 11- Language of Love ~ John
' D Loudermilk
I
‘payable and educational expert’
12. Runaround Sue — tion
3 _ GIVE' THE GIFT
THAT MEANS MORE
TO PEOPLE
BRAND NAMES you KNOW
TOILETRIES FOR MEN
COSMETICS
CHRISTMAS CANDY
CHRISTMAS CARDS
CAMERAS
TOYS
AT YOUR ONE STOP
SHOPPING CENTER
W ”/1414
tax-4%“: GRINNELL’V
TWMBEé-slSI
I
t
i
I
I
Oil 7 Charlie,
I
I
 
 
 
 
1, Moon River 7 Henry panel.
 
shuttle weight all wool — with the gentle‘
skirt sharing achieved with there
formed by mvislbly switched tuckingt
POYNTER'S
< 4TH AVE. FASHIONS
Grinneli's Complete Style Shop for Women
“Something law Every Day”
 
 
 
Friday, December 8, I96I SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Sen. polyester To lecture Here;
Conservative Senator Bari‘yl“Wc do not know “list \\'ill be rules was to pICsehI. "two pct-i
polyester will be the 1962 ICC»‘of information next October ‘llliCEil philosaplllcs ill (lcar and
three‘ iii the Program in Free lHowever, polyester seems to be deﬁsite contrast,"
local political Education, ac- Ia deﬁsite continued for the RC» Gilmour pointed their
out ,
working to c. admin Cilmour, publicly Presidential coming—
director. union in 1964. and 1962 is also an
Gilinour also hopes during the ‘election year” _ ,
second semester this year to used 3313““ I0 ““5 "“5 paper political attitude and interest let'Humi’h'W ‘1““1 “1'9““
questionnaire as an initial step‘ soccer Inaugurahng “the series,
in determining the results of the cum“? “more“: , I 4““ P“
PPPE program. It is expected “ad-V ‘0 S“¥,”‘“° was “'5'
that the test will be gwcn top bm'lcev 3““ “ “w” “'“5' “‘
students over a period or years W35!” ”Emma- seat“
in order to ascertain any signsﬁ— Cave‘ia” ’5 the WW“ ““k‘
cant changes in student aware-I ing Republican senator and
news of political v 12th ranking among the cntrrc
issues, i _
These two announcementsi “WU-5‘ ”mm”-
“Like S e n a t o )'
highlighted a recent press con-1 _ Humphrey,
rat-spec crime”. here m 3"material‘t is a member of the
campus journalism class, tallrimportant Senate Foreign
Thc date for the Guldwatcr‘relations committee, the area in
lecture has bccn set iii- Oct. 24.lwhich most or the discussion of
His topic has not yet bccn deeflhe Wednesday night debate
terminal. Gilmour pointed out: lay " The purpose or the loc—
Book By King Will Be Published
and Christianity; Christian llleism and Buddhist
“Buddhism
originally Senator Capehart wzsl
scheduled to speak ﬁrss. Witlit
Senator Humphrey the Thu
electoral senator Hlunphrey‘sl
South American trip forced that
“change, to which Senator Cape-‘
ylizlrt readily agreed. I
l "The real value” of the lace
township, Gilmour stated, was
the “men-in evidence" part or
‘tllc program. He estimated that
at least one third or the student
,body visited with at least one‘
participant. including debate,
moderator Clark pollution, “in
sonic depth” either at dinner,
in class, or
activity.
,Newspaper Fu d
Presents Awards
I ThreE students from Grinnell
participated in the newspaper‘
find summer scholarship pro—
through informal I
Page Five
Students silent Easl housewares .
 
day‘.
porno Bridges to Understanding,
a book by Winston L. King,
(philosophy and religion) is
scheduled for publication next:
summer by the Westminster
Press, Philadelphia.
This new book is in addition‘
to another volume, “In the
Hope of nirvana,” which King
has already contractor for with
Open Court. Publishing C0,. capable, [11,, for publication in
late 1962 or early 1963.
atheism, christian Prayer and grain. watts Samuel worked at'
Buddhist meditation, Christian the Iowa bang ctrmnmwesg
built and Buddhist dukkha (sufr pat super worked at the Des
red-inc), Christian selflessnessMompg register and Tribune!
and Budhist himself, and other and Jim Hatﬁend worked at the
comparative themes. Tama News-Herald.
Both books are partly derived
from King's experiences, study,
‘and observation during the near»
ly two years, 1958.60, which he
spent in karma as a visiting pro—
lesson at the International substitute of Advanced Buddhistic
from The Wall Street Journal,,
awarded each applicant a shoot
scholarship
year's
successful
“10"5
The Fund. supported by grants
toward his next
college expenses upon
correlation of since:
work on an appraisal
In the book for the western- IStudies, cartoon, plus several
star Press, King deals with ‘months in India.
Tree-swimming Parties Will Be
cal‘today; carolina Is Planned
destination Loose hall has invited all Iacul—
‘ty children between the ages of
t. . _U ELLEN"? ﬁve and eight to help separate
“‘“img 1“” c‘ p y the tree. During the afternoon,
both men and women. South . ..
r Cl v l ‘
counter and liable are having 53”" “'5 ‘ ‘1 ”S‘t'
their parties tonight, Refresh—I g g _
mm: m” b0 served ‘cloth Clli'lstizlnsen's warning and
Cowles WestNmis EaStNorr benjamin Graham's family to
“5' Smnhy Clam Gates andale its guests. Main, years,
Langan will have their deborah- Jam“: Ham“ “d Raid 1““
in“ parties tomorrow evening have their hall parties with list
watson hall's party will consist,‘he ha” members»
of decorating a Christmas tree lee link To Open
and a Cl‘law‘ltikah bush The date
In Early January
Campus yuletidc
will begin tonight
has not been set, I
North counter will combined
’ - —t-' 'n‘ art vital , , . _
its “as ”m“ 5 p y . l The new ice skating link is
its llouscpai'ty LOITiOl‘XOW night, I
Ischedulcd to be open for use
A hot
I” after the Christmas access, area
served before the decorating be-
turkey dinner will
, . sporting to Irv Simonc (physical
53“ cam" ‘“ the ”em“ egg'occupation). Students arc remind—
}cd to bring ice states back to
with they
in January.
not will be served,
Tomorrow files‘noon the com-
school them when
track l
cds calls will trim their ”cum
Cleveland hall has basket Ken?
newspaper. I
sun’rz Gives Fifth
I'Realil‘y' dec’sure
Paul Kuntz (philosophy anti
religion) gave the birth in the‘
faculty series or chapel talks on
”Approaches To Reality" this
morning. There is a cotrcc horror his topic, “15 X team", in
.counter Lounge at 4:15 this ar-i
cartoon.
Studen'fs Asked
,For Shop Ideas ;
Announcement of second skin—
after workshops will be made
.during the month of January.
Individuals having suggestions
Iconccrning the types of works
,shops to be offered are asked
‘to consult with Georgia Dental,‘
Iactivitlcs connector, before Jail,“
llCoIIege turn j
I
l
I
 
 
Vl/mission King, dean of the
chapel, will speak Sunday more,
ing at 11:30 in service chat 1‘
His topic will be “Reality Ap-
‘proachos Mall."
 
 
FOR THE RIGHT GIFT
we HAVE We
ALL VARIETIES t
OF MUSIC
 
 
LEEPERS MUSIC
 
ART GIVERS SHOP AHEAD
4514‘ WWW!
4r
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I‘
”Write; Marx"
MAKE SHOPPING A PLEASURE THIS YEAR
CO.
 
Rockne McCarthy and Joan Schlitz come in to join the East
morris housewares which was held in the private Dining R0021
last Saturday night
CALENDAR OF SOCIAL EVENTS
, Friday, Dec. 3
Drama—"The education shall Circle.I B p.m., Roberts Theater.
Christmas Tree Decorating Parties.
Saturday, Deer 9
Drama—“The education shall circle‘y p,nl., Roberts Theater
Union carolina Party and Dance, 7:30—carolina; 9:307dancing.
Christmas Tree Decorating Parties.
Sunday, Dec. 10
Lcnov String quarter, 2:30 pm, Roberts Theater.
Boar-s Head Dinner, Cowlcs.
rule Log Dinner, Quadrangle.
Wednesday, Beer 13
Christmas Concert, 8:30 pin, Roberts Theater.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Christmas Concert, 3 pin. roberts Theater.
Christmas Formal Dance, 3:30 pm., party gym
 
 
* FELLOWS — SEE YOUR
HALL REPRESENTATIVE
%( GIRLS -—- SIGN THE LIST
ON YOUR BULLETIN
BOARD
Chief Again—David McBIain
Eqsi- morris—Ed Johnson
yes? morris—Larry jefferson
Cowles—Chip (Phil) Cowles
liable—Fred Onusch
Clark—Steve Schoolman
cases—Jay purpose
3‘69 ,
473
355
552
458
461 '
562
371 .
453 ‘
352
watson—Dave Palmer
Langan—Skip Hughes
Smith—L. B. Klure
North counter—Greg brain
South counter—Jack Hansen
South Campus—Mary Heiiiger
kathy McDonald
Valerie Luck
McBLAIN'S FLOWERS
 
 
 
 
Page Six SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. December 8, l96l
Overseas communist Tells Experience; ¥Jewlsll S+eden+ Group Holds Re.Tria| 0K2] '
following Travel 0n Greek Highways Folk Dance saturday right- -
. , . . , ,, ,By High Court
 
by Nancy \Vclch high deals (the gym teacher at
, . Anatolia, individually, always . ,» , ‘ . ' . ,7 .- > .
For a resident oi Anatolia Col~ years a dress and high feels . . , .. - , , ‘ . . - . l Laffegvf:l:‘télc‘lgéih iiirllaiidgil
level 5“ evening in Thesolonlkl'even while teaching) Some ,
him-i ‘“" “‘F”““‘”‘el ”‘l M‘- screen this I have an, W " - : rr‘i 2‘32; 21:33.3:
5‘9“”.‘g ‘3,“ “dc “W“ “9 _1“1.‘- cd, but high feels are just not ' . . that the procedures med m the
N Is “mama because “we islam‘ 1 mm ”capable ”n‘ ‘primary court trial violence the
no other way of getting into the . g ».
city, short or matching a ride on,g";§n“;;;lfmagg‘exp, But me“ ’lghls of the defendant.
a monkey, or simply walking' g ’ ' , . ‘ Thou h the men‘s river
(with only the latter having being breaks are a very emotional , _ ~ - ‘ , t tue” found [he deitcndg‘m ml
attempted by me i i think my' people in all that they do. This, 2 , . - . . ' , - ~ammoudv Emmy we High
legs aretoo long for monkey l'ldrt oi course, makes them most in. ' t ,, p - ' lean” m, ”m ,im proceeds
ing); the college is located on a investing to work with and to , , -. 7 . , - mm” d in W cm cum lead
hillside about three miles out observe, for you always know , . , - ., , . . to started mm if not COL
side oi town. how they are reaching to the . . . posted immediately.
As for 'the excitement angle situation at hand, and often , . , . - ,
of the bus ride — well. this, too, even how they will reach to , _ . , According to Chief Justice
is a certainly, for in Greece all Future happenings (though they _ ' . , ' . . John tracker, the procedures
forms of public conference are william project themselves into ‘ , y ‘ , - . ‘d,rcgai-tl specsﬁcalls cited inn rare treat in themselves. Most advance reckoningsl- , , . , _, ‘ cludcd the failure ot the pro-
or the buses, for example, are : l , ,mai-y court to consider section
of the 1940 vintage school bus‘ “When I “‘7‘ d°w"‘°“’“ I “i““l’l _ . . ‘ . ‘ ' ll\\'0 of the Bill oi Rights of the
l
type and sport interim “"‘C’Seml’o bless‘faodwnii'acid-have 3:1": ' : . . . . '. _Grinnell Student Government
wear and tear would support 3 °“ ‘ ' ‘V ‘c ’“5 g, 5 « - , r ‘ -- ' ' Constitution which provides that
. .allow that I am not truly index- ,, - » g , ,
that thesis, t . . . _ . the accused shall paul? the
_ , oriented into the spirit of Greece _ , a“. «l L F d t , _
However no one has is with . . _ . ,. _ p digit o con font an o cross
, , . (or, for that matter. of any Eulo t . . ,,
out its own unique bit of color.,team_ 0,, weekends [he tasks , . .. examine all of his aecuscrs
Each bus. d“. e" ”595 “‘5 mail‘Q‘iilusuallY SW3“ “'1‘“ “‘30“ 31‘ «, . ' . - The High Court decided that
13“ “ag‘nam” ‘9 “955 ”P “‘5 lenloy a leisurely dinner. allen _ ‘ , r‘ , testimony at a hearing nature
bus 8rd remains ”use f'°’.“,begin their “night lite" about , a _ g . , appeared in this case, and
lie‘,” '8 ‘10": and baskets 0‘, “r“: midnight At the few places that , ~, _ i , there was no protection is de»
““31 “P‘verse .‘° "“91 5mm“ havethelniﬁfor shows never be~ » ' . service it this evidence was
and religious lCDHS- igin before 1 ant though music is . , . , oi summm quality i0 bring
But these amendment, along always played continually any- . ‘ . , , ‘ ' these people themselves before
with mariah: of curious Gl‘eekSEwlicre in Greece, . \ . ‘ - - . the court. It the testimony of
who pack the bus with them—i ‘ .. _ . , , . l these people was considered,
serves, their process and their. Most breaks «out lndultse in ~ , ‘ l} m de‘endﬂnt had no chance
i
l
 
 
chapter ate one aims of mostly entertainment anyway, for - _, . I
23:35:} I y 13 ,walking and talking at (breaks. to cross eau-line them
. . inevcr talk will-french person has;
p.35“? bi? 5“},1‘i“.if,‘il,‘,‘f‘ii.:s is: ll°° much to say W himself) first Court also tclt that section two
“r” .9 . ' t ends is all the sport that they . , of the viii 0; Rights was Vioipi.
Greek drivers are noted with l , _ i . . . , “
H for Wu Sm “or same 3 ‘av age Greek needs. Thus, tlie‘ . . > , g , ,cd “severe ii gratis i,e (the (is.
fact which i: more than appears “Taverna” (“WWW 0f "‘9 . . ' . ‘, . , tfendanl) shall be advised in
‘.t-com u-its bare tables and, _ . , r , , ; . lwﬁund 5f the change against
eat at all times on all thou. . . . , . _ . , . . . ‘ ‘ .. ,
oughinrcs Driving becomes 3‘. ”fl” iﬁagjflo‘tgﬁ';€3,231]? _ Partners sw g and money—do at the folk dance last Satu day {“11} 1;.“ ”daﬁ‘dfmf ‘3‘“ "”t
more or less a perpetual game a; “if S; 3mm] may Extent ntigliit in the women‘s gylm attendance sponsored by the Jewish line 5:13:19 fgahi]: I)?!“ H: if;
u « n - _ s u on s grow was ea y a ca er and iii local ed c t'on t eh. ‘g - 'r
M “hm” 1“ "‘9 “'5‘ ”1““ than any oi the “manager" restauaer from chicago, Mrs, c. posts. ‘ y u a ' e,“ ,told only to appear in court.
Greek roads remind one .
. wants, s eh atherln‘s are alrl _ . .
strengths oi Iowa highways — “ ‘1 3 stclhmg, he proceeds without The High Court also believes
. ,ways noise, whether lntcllectuall 1P . . , , >
””7 3" “S“a‘ly ‘1‘“‘° “”0“" or light in the nature of discuss-‘ caution, whether it involves l I 050p rca SS Film the mens primary court
recently, breaks, in true Sim lunwdingwmehwd “along fred in something testimony
European fashion. drive without , . . -N I: 1' H d‘not certainly to the specsﬁc
highlights at night. or course, ant As for student leisure actor. , line (a _creek qualitylevcry ‘, ages 0 [0" ea -.com.ge_ The; sea‘cd that the
occasional tracker is mother, but, items, Greek transfers are not l Gmnsllmn headset healing ills l lcourt must remain officially
to make yourself really seen, unlike the American youth in , monkey on the main street of i Nicholas G motion of joe Colr‘neutral and must conﬁrm itself
is apparently opposite. Hazard, their love for the more ever- l m,“ or merely Showing his lcge, Cedar Rapids, was elected to questions of char y. It should
\number three comes with the getic terms of dance, Greek . amino sends'hi or dis “5‘ president of the iowa Philoe terrain from questions of a pros—
clouds of breaks who are out‘ music is a last tampa, while l g . p g surgical Association at the an- edition nature.
\talking on the mad; evapyl Spanish music and American l for one 0“"5 FerrsSWh 0”“ null meeting held here recently‘
night, and particularly on week- rock and roll are also popular- l actions are carried out. and with about 100 attending front
ends, ‘ Music is an integral part 9i . looked upon. simply as a part all parts oi the state. off‘zgnfelgvggltﬁz‘flccejiiefo'lygigiz
Everyone in Greece seems tel ”’0 “my mm"! “”9 l" ‘ oi the daily routine. i motion proceeds Paul G. Kuntz deﬁnney and deﬁnew procedures
participate in the evening “delta,”l 0"?“- ‘skinﬁ 2* smml ““13 ‘i (philosophy and religion), Nam. . . _
and iiksmge, everyone lxvoitasni *0 life-Mood- ; For these reasons i find the cd secretary was William Paul {:3 the 23595, name?“ Wm:
nAurilierous monkey cards, wagons. However, the Greek 1ng for breaks mi oiiiy mpg. interest- of Central College, cells. ,th‘s c212? 55:92315 :{g‘g‘jd
d“ “”5 ‘5 9" 5” “mm"? °f‘nluslc things through here, too, ing, but copyright charming Be- Next year's session is planned 5 l ”‘1‘ a
own the middle of the road. nd 1h ,_ . I ,h- - f . the Student Senate to lane im—
t bk dt k u t 1 a e on shopping o is is cause thanks are seldom 0m“, oi late October at Mount Mercy , _
11100!“ i 35 a" ”‘3 5 “a 3 5° singing, Americans may likewise . College, Cedar Rapids. message action on the all’dalwncall the road home, enjoy songs“: but a group 01 options, they are always pleasant
More people are killed each lGreek pipes vocaiiziimxwevngnlto be around. Thus, for the f'dSrl
year on Greek mods than in Sunday” or “on, savannah" donated young travel service schools “h" °°““"3’ ‘." “‘5 “mt ‘enables Friday night in the Quad tar, every night in Thessoloniki . ‘ ~ MAKE
and the reason ls apparent: =dining room Seem like pure se—I. ,, , , '
iiim m simply too many “my. ,is somewhat ot a night on the
\ .
moving objects in too little i ll i. b - ‘ k‘ ’ l
space, l, But a night’s entertainment; low" or an“ yet’ 3 (”ea , > THIS
Arrival in town only means‘for me is similar still: I delight serial experience.
, , . ' king more corporate than ‘ -
more lighting for survivors The i“ “m _ . i . . A
half of the population that is not, “’5‘ °use‘.‘f‘“g GM“: “5““ » SHOE
walking on roads outside of thevab‘mt then very GTEEk lives. "Til: wantDeFJAzzllaJmuvtdonla SKATING
- ~ . handling with the clouds 01 (I. H 'n/inn'li't j“ l" " . .
C t 5 out f t] e i e a}: I I c: a mo or pro
3;, of T;;;,“;,;,_ term: rhesssiomn award ones a at. a, loan has. , SKATES
. ‘ , ‘ iI-call, and lo 0v: mediatrtli‘u of (has: 1
have two types: the person outeXpellcncr-x and I enjoy doing ‘f‘ D“ a . um“ . - ALL SIZES
for his highway walk and the per—:this mainly because the Greek‘ ﬁﬂilhm‘fit‘fits‘wifi'Zi’Eﬂfi'uy'gaiyfn . VACATION
son (winter: periodictal hosting peeing are so my natural in Ag;in:h;‘slide_ icailsltllsloicloll; ,
three, e order go 5 in your . . _ . .. m an llclrlu,are nalytt cute 1
way because he is too iackgdagi.tax mm 3mm“ and “Ct‘v‘t‘es' fromtlsrooir/nlliiilnrrondtiiedrnre l
cal about getting anywhere lol To be sure, there is a def— "’ W" l“ "‘7‘ Flamiherwnnliuul
particular, and the latter because . ~ . - - - ”Wm WM uVNAllONALREVlEW.
white lack or organization in
» tent m (It: no.
he is dead set on getting some. . . . m min,“ ., . Wm- late-row,
where fast, or knowing the ML their lives, but there is also a e :- ”mushmwwm.
son why, a complete lack of prevention. ‘ I5iN-Y>;Iﬂroll!(buy.
But despite comes"), AWl-men a Greek feels like doing» i
created street cold'sons,l
l
l
l
The majority of the High
The majority of the High
 
 
 
 
shopping in Thessaloniki is to
me a fascinating occupation —both in the main street stores
which final any we have in the
SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL I ‘ THE RIGHT
states and in the colorado mar— * Smith ' c°"°"° : ‘ ’ GIFT FOR
get place. * outer ‘ YOURSELF ‘ CHRISTMAS
trying into odd corners oi the‘
market is indeed sun for display-, ~ , * series OR
ed American girls. but on the‘
“m” 35 °“ ”‘9 “‘95 we ‘°"E Low cost REPAIR ON ALL MAKES , OTHERS
winners must get used to outr‘,
and-out states. tracks are not at. * * * *
. r
all subtle about their jul'faculty!: SEE US FOR;
m
T0 “C “Fe; Amricans ("er personalized Address Labels I
quite obvious in a Greek crowdl appointed Match Book Covers
For one thing. we arc generation School and Party cup lies for e
more casual in both action anal M‘men ra III P ,
dress. track women, for exam—t ' 9 P “9
pie always dress just a katie oitl GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY ‘v HARDWARE
mom likely than their means "ACROSSFROM THE POST OFFICE" , ,_ -
can‘vaﬂo‘rd, and they always wear
all V
 
 
 
 
‘
Friday, December 8. |96|
Page Seven
 
bufferé [0
Cent. from p. 2
o it was institutes (see pi-samples
and on the basis of wliieii its
representatives were elected.
When you and your fellow one
rivers and senators were elect-
'ed, you were chosen because
you were "good" men and \vo-,
men, competent administrators,
and people of discretion i
You were not chosen because
you held certain political or
theoretical views, Student goes
element at Grinnell has been a
wonderful and promising removal
‘ in recent years. II it is to Iulfill
that promise, we must keep pop»
ty policies out of it.
Let student government leg—
estate and administer according
to its mandate. And by all
means, let us have students exp
press themselves on any issue
of importance beyond the catalog, either individually, or as a
group by reiercndum, And it
you believe that your mandate
is wider than what I believe it
a
jdecidcs either w y,
decide whether h
ﬁdance
Annual christ’mas concern
To Be Wednesday, Thursday
and St, Matthew.
tourist will be Donald
Nelson (formerly of the Grin.
field faculty), minor, as harry—
for. Nelson is currently
on the faculty at Simpson
College. other consists are
Fredrilta truck, soprano, and .
Terry Moore (men's physical
Gl'tnncll’s concert of Christ.
mas music will be presented
by the College choir and insert—
mental assembled from the Col—
legs Orchestra The ﬁrss con.
eert will be given Wednesday,
at 5:30 pm. to follow the
Quad formal Christmas did—
new, Thursdays concert will be
crtoimed at a pm so that _ ,
students and faculty may at educatlnnl, baritonetend both the concert and that The second half of the cons
normal Christmas dance. Both cm Mn be devoted to "A cuts
concerts will be given in Rob-1 . ,, , . ,
arts Theater. Tickets are not re-i‘“_°ny °f Cimlj“, by Be"“"‘,”‘
qwcd [0,. admwsmm iBIllten, This walk. one of tie
Mme Christmas stamp most popular of contemporary
by
Heinrich schutz will he
per-e‘coinposer written, will be Del—
formed by the choir and small worried by the women’s cn
assembled of locations and in- we of m thou. Wm, carb,
strunientalists. In this illness-‘ .. ,. . .
300_yea,._old work (he ”cum current, harvest, consists oil. be
mail jewish, soprano, and Julia
al Christmas story is brought
charleston, alto.
a
If iT I S . i
[/w Editor ‘ have - um i
ioyuu- you Scholars RClllm i
to the present civilization or to
double mm we Postnuclcar scholarship printers returned to
state will differ abruptly from Gi'mills recently to 9m 190*
no" or mm. 10 pm. CE“, 0,. gg‘wdes and meet individually
per cent of the “media popula‘llllill students inter step in
less [plans _ _
the most cataclysmic event in TM 'CU'H‘W. owen“ ““6
‘ at), and Rebecca
I realm7e that moral considered cum. in Ceylon, and seller.
on the grounds that they have - 1,1 00' Mm Spent 2‘ yea“
‘ , ‘ Y Vlln )(lﬂ.
no practical relevance We are, i
more moral trespssses out intention“ (frames href"; .1185, ‘
the final corruption of tlie en-i“°“"“ W a“ e“ “we ‘3‘“:
, iavailable to graduation seniors
9‘1““ Ithis academic year. It tltldi|roll-‘
of was itself. This is irishﬂnili-gained, more scholar-ships will‘
cant beside the changes that‘i,e pmvidci
Forerunllcrs of this change
can already be seen in the na—
SCARLET AND BLACK
he must all‘sl‘
the post-nuclear state I have no Three former li'avelssel‘vice
the present one The annihila. lurcsi hold discussions, show
mm cannon pass as ‘learning about their experiences.
the history of banking,
ho each spent a
tions are many times ignored NCWHL
not dining here however mm The Committee on the Interim—1
me body of Judcorcmlsﬁaniclcsel‘vitc scholarships will be
I am not referring to the reel all ﬁspecial resources can be ob!
must result from such a war These scholarships
sure of questions being raised,
Such a
travel expenses for 11 year of
service and teaching at var
ious colleges in the less de-
ltrom the hostels of St. Luke
EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
I961762
Who gets to carry the
‘ i 7 first semester.
gun In protecting: our follows ‘
l
1 UPPER DIVISION SCHEDULE
related areas' of the world.
The host changes provide
board and mom.
_ Ap locations for the travels . , , . » g v ‘ , ,
twilkbe as foreign to uses it is center throughout the month off Friday, January 5, 12:3'0 pm All classes meeting in Group a.
charitable in such a sitiietioii.lJaiiuai-y with a deadline of job.‘ Saturday, January 5, 1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 2.
iTllc moral issue involved is,l1 The application should in. Sunday, January 7. Review DaY- , , _
therefore, not a consideration conclude a brief stsiemem (two ml Monday, January 8, 12-30 pm. All classes meeting in Group a.
be M, m last, it is the most, ”We pages) indicate why the: Tuesday, January 9, Izigo plzm 0All clay‘ie‘i mleetllm in th‘our 6.
» ,appucam wishes ,0 Spend Viednesday. january , . pin. c asset nice ing in
relevant of all the factors to be , . , , - _ _, a Group 8
”3‘ °f ““‘img °1 “”109 3' Thursday, January 11, 12:30 p.ni. All classes meeting in Cheap
considered and of the gl‘CﬂtCSL‘bl'had and n-get services he‘g
practical significance. '
to be, let us ask your conscious:
ency to e less itself on that
question 7 by references i shelter from invasion by other ,
persons?
To the Editor:
Having very little training in
nuclear physics and engineering,
I don't feel adequate to the table
of discussing the efficiency of
Meals he can provide. important Friday, January 12, 12.30 11m, All Classes meeting in group 4,
a follows shelter under the cons
options of nuclear welfare. l
I am more than ready to grant
that it a nuclear bomb were
dropped on Omaha. web, every—
one would have time to adiourn
in an ordered manner to the
basement of Itoberts Theater in
time to escape the harmful its
facts of radiation and thereby be
saved. With my poverty of tech
local knowledge, I could not
risk approaching the issue from.
this plant. And, besides, if one,
dogs deep enough, . .etc. i
The efficiency of a follows
shelter, however. is not a sig—
nificant point in our decision for
or against construction one. I
believe there are more import
want factors to be considered
here, factors concerning the
psychological effects of a fall-'
I, for one, would prefer to
have the money proposed for
the construction of a follows
shelter employed in an effort
to peter war I feel that my love
attack lie in the present world
civilization rather than in a
postsnuclear state of career-ibm,
and I cast my lot for the prev—
creation of this civilization.
Ken Schiif
union regarding experience in
,camping, project work. hobbies
land extracurricular activities
lshould also be included.
, Applications should be turned
in to Phillip Thomas (econom—
its), coordinator of the antenna—
national Studies Program. The
committee on the International
Studies Program interviews
sESLudieS Program interviews
To the Editor:
I have been disturbed by a.n
impression I have gained over
the past few weeks, and I wish
to express this feeling, apropos
of recent campus discussions.
I've noticed, from reading let-
,beach applicant after reviewing
lthe letter of application. select
ion is .based upon a number of
'considerations including academ-
‘ic record, extra-curriculum a—
,chievenients at Grinnell, hobbies
:and interests, and ability to
out shelter and a decision as to tcrs to the editor, carrying on represent Grinncll abroad.
l
, exactly where one's penalties lie. discussions with People of d
it appears to me that the Averse opinions, and just genes-l
argument over the construction or a balloon shelter rcdiices itself to two indeterminahle factors: will the meter—
in! appearance of a follows ,
shelter psychologically prepare
us for nuclear war to such an
ally eavesdropping on the can—
did thoughts of yellow students,
that we as students are not yet
ready in many i sports to
calmly sit dawn and talk things
i
out. We seem solely Concerned
isensibihties in high gear, ready
ltd toys out old ideas that hat-c
,become too tight across the
‘providers and to replace them
smith new ones that better tit
lcul‘ expanding world. At the
i
extent that war will thereby ‘with expression 0“,. Own broad_,same time we artist be able to
become more probably? and,
is nuclear war so incident
that failure to prepare accurately for it amounts to madness'!
The conclusion one comes to
here, whether to tight for the
salvation of the present state of
things or prepare for a new Con—
action, defines one’s penalties.
I believe that before anyone
linked, untitled Ideas without
given thought to what the person across the table is saying,
It seems to me that we too
often tend to lose sight of what
we are at school for; to lose
sight of our responsibility to
the very word "student," We
must enter each new class, each
new experience, with all our
irecognize and evaluate other
‘thoughts that stand the test.
‘ How much we are able to abs
sort, how well we can assist—
late what we receive, and to
‘\\‘hat excel We can put into
action our increased awareness
‘will determine the degree of
our real education.
Karen blonde
 
Good Buys On Ladies' Formal Wear
S eve's Toylcmd and Gift Shop
In The Basement Across From The Posr Ofﬁce
‘k Sizes 7-10 and Larger
 
 
Saturday, January 13, 9:90 am. All classes meeting 'in Group
10. 1-00 pm All classes meeting in Group 11.
Sunday, January 14, Review Day.
‘ Monday. January 15, 900 am All classes meeting in Group 1.
lLOWER DIVISION SCHEDULE
All written work must be helped in by 6:00 11.n'l, on January
12, 1982.
Saturday, January 13, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group
10.
Sunday, January 14, Review Day.
, Monday, January 15, 9:00 o in. All classes meeting in Group 1,
.1:00 pm All classes meeting in Group 2,
Tuesday, January 16. 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 3.
1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 4.
Wednesday, January 17, 9:00 a.m All classes meeting in Group
5. 1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 9. ,
Thursday, January 18, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 8,
1:00 p.ni. All classes meeting in Group 6,
, Friday, January 19, 9:00 a.m. All sections of Humanities 1.
1:00 pm. All sections of Historical Studies II.
Please note that the examination schedules for both upper and
lower division will overall on January 13 and 15,
 
 
The christmas Formal
IS‘December 14fh
SEE OUR REPRESENTATIVES
. 9N CAMPUS
Cowles . car smith‘
smith Gary Gorfredson
sales John Henfzel
liable , Howard Dunn
North counter Arr Peterson
South counter Paul soma
Easf Morris John warning
Clark Wayne term
duncan Tom Ceok
yes‘r harris Don valley
watson .Joe Lafhum
south Campus . . Sharon Husekamp
OWGI‘S
1012 Broad St. Phone 236-3191
 
 
 
 
1
Friday, December 8. l96l
Educators Visit ~
.Grinnell Schools
Dr. James B, tenant, head of
a si -man staff engaged in “A
Study of the Education at Amen
icon Teachers," was in Gl’inheél
yesterday with two members of
his small to obtain information
on the Grinucll College teacher
education program The three
also made a \‘lsil to the newly
dedicated Grinncll High School
building scheduled at 3:30 in the
Page right SCARLET AND BLACK
CorkyEverellRelalesAclivilies l CAMPUS {seven§+udyl
0f Religious destination Of India ‘ lNQUIRER iNahonSGWS
, , The result of the widespread
The railway station is grow . l’:dual, the whole tray lit by a , _ _ ,
cd with holiday travelers. Ev small oil lamp is affiliated over-l Slnpc Al is apparent that the $559M” ‘j‘v‘? salem‘m 001“?“
crvone wants to return home the worcester's head. question of follows theaters both “met '5‘ 95‘ Thu‘5‘“‘y
row- the-Dlvali holiday vacation} The ceremony 10,. women ,5 from the standpoint of actual youggf‘gojgiﬁéﬁdid‘tvii cal. diff;
The next train to the villageﬂnot yet finished. We next go to Prhlcctmh and the W?“ that 19-h m E:‘ ° ° 51,; 0.
Belvandz, is expected at 4 a-m-lihr home or the village priest the present trash huhdm; pro- l‘XM, d e ”361‘“? Want”?
On the platform, there is heaplwhere Um girls m blessed with gray is having on the civilian 11:21:11“? I; i‘", > can a‘uc‘
alter help of input human flesh museum powder This ma has population is one that is recent. 2):; “among! 160mg}; n next areas
in a state or shooting due'ing'aspects meaning for M married mg much attention on the print -
the interval that has interpreted woman because it specifies that he” Campus, the following quest‘ students A1 Boston, Dave
their ”Web- noble have ar- her husband is still living, The “on was Put m (we student5= Evans, Bill panama, Cam done,
river at the station early in the
cum-cum spot is a part of the
“Do you mo, [he bupgmg of version, Toni Koloskl, Pat cal—
evening to Spend the night 50 indian dress worn by all but
they would not miss their train. me allowed women The Wm
Finally, the train arrives The of the priest puts a red mark
input bodies spring to life. too-lcd each of our lorchcads, gives
lies, with purchases started on us a harmful of pubmed rice and
their heads, and passengers dashlsacred candy and
toward the numerous and var-th the next house.
red compartments. 0n off-seasons Amer 50 many New and so
days- one ca“ “10050 “0'“ the much ceremony, the family re—
third class places: the \Volllen’s,‘great having accepted an mba‘
“‘9 general °1' “‘0 Sleepmgition to eat out, but it is an and
“mpmmem- null event for the family to
Now we cannon heritage ‘0 eat at the home of their serving
choose or we will be left on who has been Wm, them for
the platform. \Ve dash through {wentyyivg yoga-5,
the crowd with everyone else
and climb into a very Small
comparisons that is already
comfortable full, ,
l
The serving’s home has two
rooms, a kitchen and a living
room. We sit on mats Spread on
follows theaters either on a mass
scale or in the particular instance
as contemporary here?“
car Smith: “balloon sllcltCl‘s
thing, however, family theaters
raise the difficult l‘not'al question
about keeping arms in the Shel-‘
(er to dl' e off those attempting,
(0 onto , For this reason I do not
approve of the painted shelter. l
s l
I believe building oi shelter
would lead to a yacht acceptance of the possibility of war.
I personally would not work
to build a balloon shelter, however, i see nothing wrong in
letting those people who want
link and faculty member Alan
Jones (history) attended from
Grinnell,
Al the beginning of the workers
we proceed on a community level are a fine once, [he Simian“ were diVided
into groups which granted the
document in the preliminary
session the first night,
The final report, completely
amended, has not yet been
printed and sent to the parties- l
pants, but it contains state—
meets on the following areas:
government and the democratic
process, economic organization
—growth and change, objec—
times in world affairs, and
equality of opportunity _ life, .
Necessary shipping is made so
that we may take seats. One
gentleman gives up his place
and prepared a bed under the
wooden bench by spreading out
a piece of cotton material. The
remainder of the crowd is not
yet settled. Travelers still push
their way into the compare—
meets. 3
A little old woman stores her
portable shop discussions bchmdl
the door, flooring all the reply-i
hands of there being no space.l
The door can no longer be op—l
cnet, but that does not seem
to half the toward how of pas—
sellers. Here comes someone‘
through the window, and an-‘
other and another! This trip to
Bclvandi will be a copy one. 3
l
the dirt floor. In the middle of
the room is a funny back tied
to the soldiers of the room by a
rope. We hear the mailing or a
tiny baby from aside the freely
All around the room are
, corporate pictures of some ﬁlo
i teen gods and addresses. Mrs.
N. ultimately commerce: will!
the hostels, telling ller about
the day’s exclusion and exciting us from our lack of ap—
petite. Meanwhile, sections of
banana leaves are put before
us and we eat a special Man
arashtrinn sweet dish. l
The meaning of given, or Dip—’
avali, is oakland of lights. After
the excitement of the day's fesA
entities, the bright. candidate
‘jul, however, if the final blow
liberty and the pursuit of map— .
pieces. In each area suggestions
media Romy; “It is a moral for changes in the present state
we“ [0,, 3 “am" .0 have to and policies oi the nation were
resort to such terms for safety,l made.
l
:I follows shelter Work for one." i
There was general agreement
among the conference members
on the items in the report, yet
,it should not be concluded that,
Therefore, if we have gone all who attended the conference}
past the limits of using our end agree? With everything email
orgies to work for peaceful co— even m the final report. t
existence then i must support . . . p .l
the only alternative left to use M‘He' epson' payment or a ‘
. ,, lost College, was chairman of,
”Hm“ them“ the c o n f e r e n cc. compression;
Goi Thomson: “i feel that (able 10h“ Brademas (Dem, V Ind.)
out theaters as differentiated 5P0“ 0“ ”‘9 "913mm“? °fi
from bomb theaters are warm American goals in world affairs,
while. No point in a city will ‘0 American $0915 at home- i
be safe from the enormous blast‘ om“.
comes and we do have atomic
war, this (follows shelter) will
be the only alternative.
.Upon arrival at the small via» pattern hanging from the north
case, I squeeze out of the com- of the gateway home has a
partners and great my Hindu special warm glow.
friends and students, Sudha and; .
ghana natural A horsgdrawm The time of the festival seems
garbage ,5 “cum to RM us‘to correspond to the partner‘s’
. to me lately pump Mg and harvest. One Hindu doctor told
Mrs. gateway and the three met “It IS a time when the
smaller children great us in a farmer'S’ crops are in the ground,
eastern lit room We sit m. lextra money is in his pocket and
getting and discuss the activities he has a dame to Celebrate arts
of the new few days, ‘er the season's pork is com—
effects, but if we can save 1200
speakers included Dr
,Grinncil by
people in a “no“, shelter in James E ‘russell, secretary ‘01
having them in the Educational Policies commit
there for two weeks it is \vol‘tar sign of Washington, 110' who
while-” ;spoke on the problem of a Demo-
Bill Johnson: I don't think that "am §°Vemmehi m "am“a‘
it is the place or the students to goals, and Alfred Riebcn assists
decide if the follows shelter is to ant professor or Russian history,
he built This, I feel, is up to the at Northwestern University. l
administration However, Gl'in~l l
well as an intellectual leader of eimriiil
i
l
l
afternoon.
Dr, tenant. former president
of Harvard University. is con—
fucking a nationwide study of
teacher education as a logical
follow—up of his Earlier, widely
publicized, and residential ski—
dirt of American schools and
rurrcula at both the elementary
and secondary levels. The stud
is finances by a Carnegie iran}.
With him in Grinncll were
Dr. William H. Cartwright at
Duke University and Dr. John
I. Goodlad oi the University of
California at Los Angcicso
(Earlier, another member of
Dr. tenant's state, Dr. E, older Dnnham, was in Grinncll
as an observer at the two day
Conicrcncc on teacher Educa!
tion held in mid-November by
representatives oi the associated Colleges of the Midwest.)
At the college. the three visits
org wcrc particularly interests.
in the topic of the professional ed
station and the liberal educa»
tion of teachers. Prof. Wellboih
has arranged a series of meetings with instructors in chuck—
tion courses, faculty groups from
various other departments, a
members of the Committee on
Teacher Education.
expressions Precision
Safeguards Your Health
We work hand in band with
your physician for the pro—
section of your health . . . fill
each prescription so that you
may enjoy the full benefit oi
your doctor's skill.
the country should in some wa . ‘
iattcmpt to better prepare Amer): (“15° “"3““ by ”m ”new 1°
titans for the dangerous times determine if the building of,
ahead than with bomb theaters theaters on a national scale is
truly the only way to solve the
present CriSIS.
We should not respond auto
placed.”
The following (lay is (he i
midnight; 3: started: lﬁsimilarﬁimages
‘ltd Political Debate.
day is called "La ni Pujtln ,
at l l
l
Day" (the day media‘aged tn
C. admin Gilmoul‘ (political
Larami, the address
wealth). At 4 am. we hear
science) engaged in a political
fold up ‘debate on the issues of State
The theaters are interactive
in the event oi all out war
and only promote dangerous ‘
feeling toward war. For these i
reasons I feel that the admin—
“Where drugs are not a
pipeline"
basically but serve ourselves
Mrs, N. in the kitchen. Sudha,
ghana and myself
“'6 “‘1'” bell WVHS and mM- fgcvernmcnt, at the State Unitrcsses on which we had been loans of 10,” last week Withsleeping and carry them to the ,Dr. Russell Ross, Associate Proback room. lfessor oi Political Science at the
intl‘dtioll of the college should
decide against the building of
a follows Shelter.
and the totally by considering a
study conference on the problem
with experts, I also believe that
TURNER
PHARMACY
‘Canleron llcndcrshot- 1 he. any decision as to the shelter at‘
ic: ”Which of the Two Major have that aside from the very Grinnell should be delayed un-
Political Parties Can Better Meet im’mm‘m technical q“55”°|‘5'til alter such a conference.
the Present and Future Needsilhat are involved in the builder Iowa?" mg of shelter‘s, there are other
Ross, campaign manager and,“‘°“e impm‘lahf wimS- TheSE‘
later administrative assistant for ““5 ”1° “59 of a disposition t0governor Erbe, argued the cause ibm'd WNW. "‘3 me“ that ”‘35
of the Republican Party, and program will have on our allied
cum“ State Senator send ot_course the all important
Foweshick and Keokuk Coullr,m°ray 155%
lines, presented the case for the‘
in turn, each member site on Democratic Party. '
the board while Mrs, . runs This week, Gilmour spoke to
oil on legs, arms and hair. Then, the student body of St improve ,
from a specially prepared for» College In inventory and to the 103 a study should first be made.
ship tray, the mother losses a Des points County Democratic" ,
small quantity at rice and red organization in Burlington. int
cum—cum powder on each ialn-;wednesday, be was a guest at al
fly members head. She makes function meeting at the Good‘
a red powder mark on the torc- Roads Association and attending on DRYCLEANING
head and makes a circular bio—Zthc function session of the local »
1ion with “safari.” or battle‘Taxpayel's association on Fri; r412
nut, : /
swimming sunny back 1University. he related the top- (Across the mm from me
Before dawn, every member Grinnollstatc Bank)
oi the family must have an oil
bath and baths u-its water. A
huge brass settle containing water is on the wood store
“school.” in the middle of the
kitchen, Mrs. N. has placed a
sitting board. Around this she
has made a design with some
white rocledust called “ranging.”
 
 
 
 
LAUNDRY AND CLEANNG
\I I L_. L_ A G E‘
IIn View of these points I hellicve that before money is auto-
priced for the building of a shed-l
 
 
ﬁrss countercluckwise and day, Both meetings were in Des:
then checklist. To Complete this points,
 
 
Besi- Piua Town und'Best Service Too
AHRVANO'S
Open Till 12:00 P.M. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday
\
cdblttiss
SWEET ROLLS
DECORATED CAKES
lTQWN‘s
BAKERY
236-4386
Across from city Library
1
l
l
3*
l*
l*
 
it Only 15¢ each
6&5 SPEED WASH
Across From the Rock Island Station
 
 
I
Friday, December 8. I961
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Nine
 
careers To Play girls, Oles
. %mph>t and {Mark
SPQJRIS °
' Grinncll's leagueelending Pioneers take their 270 record into
dangerous territory this week—
end as they meet Carleton to—
might and cost -once favorite St.
Olaf tumor afternoon at
northwest, Minn.
Last week both the Oles and
the Knights detected Knox and
lost to a surprisingly strong
plymouth team while the Pioneers were jumping Lawrence
and simon.
.' Dave Current, who over-aged
16.4 points a game and was
named to the All-conference
team last year. is the big gun
of the Carleton attack. The
'Knights will probably play
fast. break, pressing-type game
similar to the Pioneer strategy,l
St, Olaf, the presented la.
vo ’te to take the conference
‘title, will start a linear that
operates 6‘4" and includes four
oi their last 3231"; starting nec,
AlleConichnce forward Karl
photo is the 0105'
mainsta Last season wrote was
the four h leading scores in the
centers e with an average or
201 p0 ts per game.
The Pioneers will
same linear that has
start the
encounter car Smith
George Gray at guards, co—cap.
~gains Bob answer and Ray cal
ton at forwards, and penny use
by at center
Jim ltlirrlin, John russell,
Bill persons and Kent anderson will be ready when the
need prices.
elvis coming Tuesday the
squad will travel to Mt. Vernon
and take on the depending
champion Cornell cams. The
cams attack centers around
their two higllescoring guards,
Dave Adkins and Rick women.
. i
Animal ‘
Life
by John \williams
Gates hung on to a thin lead
in the race for the .MncMurTy‘
trophy this week as the points
from the swimming meet were‘
added to the years totals. Gates’
total of 310 points was followed
by 750 for liable and 740 for
watson. while Cowles, last,
year's winner, is in ionrtli places
with 670.
South counter set two news
TM marks, in the 120board medv
let relay and isoeyard free re
Ray en ro e to a solid ﬁrss
’SWIMMING MEET RESULTS .
~ South 33
Gates 251/:
East
liable
Cowles
vatican
West
North
Clark
watson
Smith
place ﬁwish in the swimming
meet last Saturday. South's 33
points easily out-faced Gates,
with 251p, and East, with 14.
0 Last year’s runncbup, Langan, could master only 21/:
points and the 1m champion
watson was shut out. The
M VOLLEYBALL STANDINGS
Cowles 42 G .875
Langan 32 10 .762
East 31 11 .733
hudson 31 11 .733.
Smith 32 16 .666
North 21 27 .476
liable 17 25 .405
South 19 7.9 .396
Gates 12 24 .333
Clark 9 33 .139
West 3 45 .069
only other record set this year
was by Pete lieinzelman or
Gates in the 40eynl'tl back.
stroke.
A week which included two
t the most important valley
ball games of the season saw
a
onensivc ,
brought ,
them sue ass in their ﬁrss two ‘
and ,
 
 
O
 
 
l
, Anderson
 
t ‘ ‘ l
, , .
Grinnell's Bob sussex drives in against: simon's Brian \white
during the first half of last Saturday‘s 88 to 81 victory over 1h l
Redmen. sussex, who has been the top Pioneer scores for the 135
two Seasons, hitting for 336 points as :1 sophomore and 32"] last.
l 9.9.: Larry real and forward
Freshmen papers
Will Meet Cornell
In Season opened
The Grinnell freshman basketball team takes to the road
for the opening game of the
season Tuesday when they go
to Cornell to, battle the learning
cams.
and,
yoctjuzé
by Susan Roberts
Before we all report from
the “campus fastest at our
dreams” to full over thoughts
or Christmas uninterrupted, save
by francis studying for the bit—
laws which will great us on
our return, i would like to web—
come the 1961 volleyball tours.
event in the women’s intramural
program.
The fresh tunes up for this
contest yesterday with a boat
against an aggregate filled as
the “All»Stars.” it is believed,
however, that these were merely
the Pioneer controllers in dlSr
guide.
Yes it has
been going on,
and yes, I have
Coach add powers, in his initial year as mentor of the freshman squad, said that he has not
yet determined a defining start.
ing five, He did indicate that a
likely guess would be Ed Span /
at center, ﬂasked by Randy Robert;
Morgan and either Doug Yeagﬁsphere,
or or slide Smith at forwards! The WRA intramural Cllahu
with Dave Sellergren and either men, settle Guttman and Pam
John Van forms 0,. Barry Haslamé alongcwlthIWRA ad—
. ,Vlsel‘ amet OX, have comhmmg down the center on the interested par»
guard slots- ‘occupation and enthusiasm this
tall. it certainly has been enjcouraging, and the number or
shortcuts has been small. Save a
llaurel or two for the reserve
leonard as they, too, have worked
Dewy ““55” ,hard to make this season a’
‘success.
powers said that since there, The volleyball tournament
seem to be no really outstand-t is a double round robin, with
ing players, but, instead, panel each hall playing every other
. . , j hall on two occasions.
g°°d3m¥5~°r "em” 5‘4““ ab” l Read is scheduled to walk
its, the squad will be platoonedtnﬂ with my honors next week
a lot. Not wanting to make pub- at the close of the playing
1 would
to give a
windows
of the happen.
(,blogs in the
’ ‘l'build palace oi
the round white
nsgtbl‘lcd
 
others stated to see plenty
or action include guards nick
clean anti Joe Thompson, can-
t he
Y
ir, counted for 17 points against Riponi
 
german To Metal Buccaneers;
Finish Second I
by Dave Brown
“Beloit is coming up," says
swimming coach lrv Simone oi
Eeloit german, However,
coming ahead to the beach—trim
well swimming meet scheduled
swimming meet scheduled‘for
or tomorrow at Ecloit, Simone
seems confident the Pioneers
will win.
In Grinnell's favor
german, who has
the conference record
broken
in two
,events recently in practice. and
the experience and second place
finish gained in last week’s Knox
delays.
Hurt by illness, injury and
the unexpected loss at veteran Pete Snyder, the Pine
acer german placed behind
Washington University of st.
Louis in the Knox delays.
Cowlcs retain its hold on ﬁrss
place by winning four games
from Langan after being upset
by East 4—2. East and watson
kept on Langan's feels, each
coming out with a 31711 record
as watson won six from lib—
bee to stay in the ﬁget,
Despite the fact that Cowlcs
still has to race Smith and
watson before the end or the
season, it appears unlikely that
anyone will seriously challenge
their bid for the title, However,t
are Bill ‘
n Knox delays
Grinnell and Washington U.
won first and second places in
all but one of the events, and
Grinnell placed third in that
one.
Washington took five: of the
loans taking the other two. Jim
sherman, John reset and Joe
nathan won the 600 yd. lifestyle relay. and Paul porno,
Bill german and Jim Maxlmn
won the 300 yd. individual lifestyle relay in record time of
1:11 5. The old record was 23:16.7
J Rounds placed fourth in
a field oi 15 rivers. .
Of the second place finish,
'someone said, “They (Washington
U.) had a well balanced team,"
“They had their best team in
years and were able to usc
ireshmen swingers, which we
can’t do because oi conference
rules." He also
.that Washington had the better
team. and that the Grinnell
swingers “p'el'l'ol‘med as well as
expected."
Speaking of the conference
,race, Simone consider that that
wheel be hard pressed to get by
gearlcton," He said that the girls
were the stainless team in the
,conference now, but that the
lol'intel's have "adequate team
‘ strength.”
The squad traveling to Beloit
 
first places, With the Grinnellr‘
emphasized .
with a series of makeup gainesiconsists or Jim Adelinan, Steve
and a marathon afternoon to-lBi-oops, Jim Cross. Peter Gleymorrow, the combo tion of christian, Bill german, Bill Henry,
rest of the ﬁrss division appearslTony norton, Joe nathan, Jim‘
to he still very much up in the‘garmin, Jerry Rounds, John
air. lTeget and Paul porno,
 
Shop in rid see our
Fine Selection of naked Geocs
DANISH MAE!)
813 FOURTH
i — “’2 Feature salaries Of All Kinds -
l
l
 
 
 
l
i
l l
l
l
the any stratagenis, the coach de- ,schedule, unleSS they are upset
banned to specify Mm type often one of their two remaining
leave he was planning to throw (games Read Pulled away fast
at Cornell, at the beginning and stayed
in the win column until Main
was able to rob her of a match.
This may turn out to be the
crucial match, as Main, with
four losses, and Cleveland, with
two, are close behind, Main has
powers did say that the trash
would in general employ the
variety style of play, this being
the usual procedure, since the
main function of the freshman
team is to acoustic the boys to
the plays and patterns used by
the variety.
LADY JOCQUES
font. p. 10; col. 4
 
TUES.-WED.—DEC. 12-13
SHOWS AT 7 & 9
_WOULDYQU LIKE‘TO ,
- SEE AN OUTSTANDING»
MODERN russtihuﬁ) TIIE william PRIZE,
MOTION PICTURE, c“; parties FESTIVAL l
THlS PICTURE is BEING DlSTRlEUTED BY WARNER Enos AT THE REQUEST
OF THE us. DEPARTMENT OF STATE IN CONNECTION WITH los CULTURAL
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT WlTH THE SOVlET UNION. »was
WINNER or‘
 
i
l j The story of
l Veronica, a young
girl who is unfaithful
[a liar so/dl'er ﬁonce
:. under {/79 pressed
of every/ie/img
sessions. To/d age/ns/
the star/line
background of
modem
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stvrrirl TATVANA slMOlLOVA
A SHVORlN ASlLY l-iERKl/RYE/
ALEXEK BlJALOV -smtp
, maker use»,
in: precise s, M. KAMTOZOVvt'l \’AlNEERG
' A MOSFILM stamps PRODUCTION
 
 
Page Ten SCARLET AND BLACK
6'
Friday, December 8, I96l
 
Pioneer papers . Win 70p
using
l _ , ,.
L
by Jim licking ,
The Pioneer hoopstei-s swing,
into action last Friday and Sat.
today, mapping both Lawrence
and Ripun. The 79—51 victory
over Lawrence and the 88-81
victory over simon gave tllc‘
1961-62 season a fast start,
’reading the Pioneers against
Lawrence were Jim Mirflin and
car Smith, who both chicken
for in points, each jumping in
5D'15er cent of their ﬁend goal
attempts. Bob Musscr was right
behind Mifllin and Smith with
it points.
Grinnell nominated the Lawrence game from the outlet,
breaking away brown an early
12—12 tie to move into a 39—21
maritime lead. The Pioneers, ex->
___’—’
CONFERENCE STANDINGS
' 1.000
1,000
1.000
 
. Grinnell
. plymouth
. doc
. Cornell
. st. mat
. Carleton
’. Beloit
. Knox
. simon
1 . Lawrence
Junior center, Kent Rogerso
i500
500
000
variety wrestling Defeat cross;
To Open Season At Knox Tonight
by Len salad“, ,Van force 7—0, and in the
The Griiinell variety wrestling ﬁrgul variety'il'est-non match. ,
posted the freshman squad 18.’ Mike batteries signed Nick .
, ,- an e . o in an inter-squad match hello him genre With 13 seconds
loiiiitllicdomtrlleq igggtfs‘lee'l‘llcd ﬁg); last Friday In party Gym, If. ShDW‘hg, 0" the ch70“ "1 the
statistics showed principal with the two weight Classes the va 1““ ”mm . . 1
_ , - _ , it, “saudi“, 19mg and Three contests, each plﬂlngi
57 rebounds and Lawrence with s 3 1e} ‘ ‘
3g lightweight dmmnsigpe m_ two freshmen against ascii othr,
- closed, the pioneer veterans er. drew the meet to a close. in
In would have commander only athe ﬁrss ,uf these. Larry Bald»,
Ripe“, the Pioneers had to mom,“ victory ",3,ng 13.“; nor. scoring an escape and a‘
come front behind to win. E entered‘md Match Results ,ta'kedown‘ in the second period,
Crinllell started fast. almost- ., “M p w, melwmi over Chip Clarke. SteVE
Ripoll but endangered an early let.1 c problem/“U" w , “persons signed part. bailey in
lo-point judge The maritime 10kg" k , _ l "‘W‘ lthe ﬁnfl act of their match.
m,” was 44.44, , 1t Ken qty tl-‘l not imml‘ Finishing the afterwards ac._
3”“ “°"'"5"e"a clinton tl-‘l page,“ tion, Larry Miller dcfeatcd the
lheavier Morgan Michel by a 7.0
tvs tlcclo'lonetlidecisian‘
The variety squad will open
its campaign tonight at sales—
burn, ill, when it begins the
'90:“ (Ft viewed ﬁrss day of the annual weekend
thriller (Ft delKnox occupational Tournament
Lislouml either m. Most of the other teams parties—
1" ‘he ”Penmg match: .Davelpzitillg in the meet will be the
560“ was awarded the v‘cmry'LPionc‘e‘l‘s' Midwest Conference
over Len Calodney when the opponents and will therefore
latter suffered a obtained ankleipmwde a good preview for me
and was unable to continue.
Al midnight and John awarded
fought: a close fuel in the 130.2
lb. class until the variety mat—'
man gained a [all with only 25 . , , . .
seconds remaining in the Inatcl‘tlliglgll‘g' 1,3,3 law Béuceh‘ib‘mfgi
The next two presented to T 5 kPY‘wd Em: 57
greatly, Ken Clymer and Ed °‘“ °°i a“ 1’7 law M‘ke
, .. batteries. Grinnell will perfect
,Johnson, each captured decisions the 1674b] 1914,)“ and her“
by one point over their faculty‘weight classes
opponents, ,
vmm‘ Wayne 6mm in his : The squad ordered a blow last
‘ i ‘week when Dick Harris. 1674!).
typical mechanical style, while l . .
5 red sophomore transfer Will ﬁ‘?"fe;§“ﬁ,c°‘;§§;{”°” mt Wm"
l
.000
.tion
.000
l
2
2
2
l
I
l
l]
0
0
0
t
l
t
l
l
l
visit‘tiig a ﬁne running offense, de
Saturday’s contest with
in the second half, the speeds
cancer backcourt combination
of George Gray and car Smith
pushed the Pioneers once more
into the lead, However, simon
took control of the boards and
forced into a 68-56 lead with
only nine minutes remaining
ii: the contest.
iiirisou t\'l signed?
( t. .
lzcliiiicr (Ft (Tu-minnWI
The Pioneers then Scored 12
straight points and were never
again headed. Gray led the
Pioneers with 25 points, while
sussex followed him with'l7.
season
Coach Terry Moore named his
starting linear as follows: 123
lib, Dave Scott; 130 lb. Al Mac—
LAWRE ct:
GRIN ILL
vessel-
'M'lITIlll
monthly
smith
.1 him
Griliui
Sllclrllul'tl
l>l0l1ml
L' aerodt
,y,
Y illl‘left-l
.yet can
llllLls‘llc
snow
It tmls
st
 
° NOW
ITS
PEPSI
'totals an
GluxmLL
FOR THOSE WHO
THINK YOUNG.
)Itle-l'
oh lift it
.’\~lw
ethnic
u india
since
 
si uh
button
Pdtmtu
Kw
lntuli i.
[talk-vi.
Smtill
LLllm mu
 
 
in
THE "OLD PRO" WISHES YOU ALL A
on We
IOWA CLEANERS
potato ’72 15110 19
'l'otiils ti
 
The Spot To
Hit is JDJS
 
 
 
. _ (44) and Brian White for the ball,
1.000 as (younger guard, car Smith looks on. anderson thus tar this season has counted for nine points,
seeing little action, while Smith hit for 15 against Lawrence and 13 against wilson.
Scott McLeod, '37, .
ittamed To Silver
.All-America Unit . ‘
t
l
laden named to the Sports lotus- _
related “Silver Anniversary All!
America" 1961. The diplomat
that been nominated by Grinnell
‘last spring and voting had been
concluded before his recent entirely death.
Contests
The sale Scott McLeod has
McLeod i‘wins the. hundred rss~
,her which this year includes such
lmcn as Green Bay jackets Coach.
‘since Lombardi, Oklahoma University’s aud Wilkinson and Cons
gl'essman Richard rolling or Mi
soul, as well as important bush
news executives, educators, mil‘ll
mary leaders, surgeons and a
scientist.
The winners in this unique
All-America are selected by bald
lot among a panel of distinguished judges which this year included U S. Attorney General Robert
F. Kennedy and former Vice
President Richard simon. dirty!
,colleges and universities offered
candidates for the honor roll of
lgﬁl—cxegriddel‘s who played
their last collective games i
IlSBS.
The criteria were the quality of the candidates records
in their productions and their .
general effectiveness during the
interesting 25 years since they
played college football. This
year Lombardi and Wilkinson
are the only winners who pursuit sports as a profession.
LADY JOCQUES
Com. from D, 9
only one more game to play,
wliilc Cleveland has two.
Team
Read
Cleveland
Main
“lines
James
house
Mean
2:
McLeod was a four year football achieve while at Grinnell.
,'He played alternative the post<
‘tions of quarterback and hair-
‘back on the Pioneer football
t squad in the days when trim
has perhaps not been completely he“ 091mm“ “KW.“ cmgh‘
straightencd out by this lu‘sci ton, brake and Mmhlghh State‘
fm. 1M pammpam“ one need in the old Missouri Valley Con—
only my two quarters at any iercncc, His most outstanding
Hm'e‘ game in the fall of 1936 was the
For one against Cornell College. He
the physical education . . . . ,.
team i‘eclull‘emem, fresh in en “1“] “‘5 "mkmg and “mm 0“
should play at least one dual‘let‘ SCOTT McLEOD
in half of the games in which c t 11
their team participated i “n‘ p‘ ’ 0°" 1
Since there are 12 valley- 1
ball games per hall, the m~ M T F
agreement is one quarter in; en 0 arm
cocks Club 6
, Y
Men students interested in
 
Hibenvlddta
To clear up another point the
six separate games. gambling
up on games does not help,
The separate game compilation
is the point on which the sys-
tel was set up. Sheets were l ,
distributed to all freshman 5°1'm‘hg a h°they ““17 a” ““5551
mm“ W this cm“ this yen. to return from vacation with,
by the physical education lee- teams ““1 “h? payment they
mﬂmem. might have. it is hoped that daily
That about knights volleyballlggsftgcfengg be héldvfiThnfygx
You might timber up for 1335- m 13 mg i323: u’ad are ' .
kethall, badminton and ping p V q E 5'
long for your return, as those, Dlrlc delay (modern foreign
willow the lead-off sports rightllanguages) has agreed to act as
other vacation. lsponsor for the club.
0
GRAND OPENING
DECEMBER 8TH AND 9TH
COME DOWN AND
VISIT US IN OUR
NEW LOCATION
* Little Buddy Gifts
* Free Samples
M BERNICES
Formerly: 932 Main StreetNOW: 820 4TH AVENUE
PHONE 236-4759
 
'friday. December 8, |96l SCARLET AND BLACK Page Eleven
For Whatlt’s Worth‘llSomfs Club create Town Kids
 
 
 
by Tom grants (3' , z ‘ ' ' “ " ‘ ' " 3““
. . . . 1 l r; Ii . 21:5
The associated Press named principal llnolnon Dennis ‘1, .4"
 
Asby and John central to the renewable Mention list 01'
their 1961 Little AlleAmerican squad announced last Wed»
~‘tuesday.
Regular season college football is over for another yea'
Only the bowl games remain. The Orange Bowl which pi
Colorado against Lotlisana State and tile Cotton Bowl which
has Texas matching Mississippi, shape up as the top New.
Year‘s Day attraction‘
The Rose Bowl, granddaddy of all tale bowl Contests,
has about the worst card with Big Ten runner-11p Minnesota
facing three title lower U.C.L.A. rated 16th nationally. Alabama will take on Arkansas ill the Sugar Bowl.
The Top Ten
(Final)
Team ‘ Record
.alabama (104])
. ohio State (87071) .
.Texas (971)
. Loui .
.Mississippi (9-1)
.Minnesom (772)
,chicago (9-1)
.michigan State (7-2)
,arkansas (8-2)
,small State (97071)
*0
   
 
 
The final population of this season predictions shows
215 right, 79 wrong, and s ties for 73.1 per cent. ' . 5 ; . i l ' I . _‘ ‘ PATRONIZE
I'GPV t1 G ' 11 t 1' t t' '11 h d t ’ YOUR
S l ; \e l'one 0\\'“ l'E‘K IO 5 2‘ 101], “'l 1'03 CZIS ~ V V .
Ule Gi‘initial — St. Olaf basketball game tomorrow starting, , . ' . - , . ‘ ‘ ‘ ADVERTISERS
at 1:15 in the afternoon from portal'held, Minn.
aaron Pllbl‘OW finished Slst in the annual Thanhsg‘ii
‘ng' Day 10—while run at Poughkeepsie, N. Y. This is not
particularly accounting until you realize that iron is '51.
years old and a {:1 delete ol' Grinnell in the class of ’33. He
still holds the Crime“ records for the mile (4:20) and two .
mile ( 2.8) runs and in 1933 he won the NCAA. two‘
tile run and answered the Pioneers winning 4~mile relay
eat in the D ke delays, MoNlToR
n. mm“ lulu some“
“MW 1‘
Subscribe Now
at Half Price*
You can read this worldJomnus
daily newspaper for the next six
months (or $5.50, list half the
regular subscription rate.
Get top news coverage. union
, special features. Clip tar refer.
- anti work,
Send your order today. include
Calendar publishers ____
The Christian defense Mnnllor
By Planning Board One Norway st, Enxvon 15, Mass. '
l Send your newspaper (or the time’trial calendar :or tile month “Ekmammysb 1:11 m w
3. r
:T 13:31:): llasPLl):::ixlpublli::e: DCollege student DFugully Member
y e in g r l
i and coordination committee. All} Name
students and [equity al'e account
aged to express their opinionsl
concerning the availability of! W 1‘7"” 5”"
, . 1 ”his SHEKlJl alter :railway: ONLY |u (allege
continuing this practice , some,rennmnrwronestoner,
 
 
 
 
Address
 
The late Scott McLeod (interpreted above as ambassador top
rwanda was one of 25 former college athletes chosen to they ,
ports Illustrated “Silver Anniversary AlleAmel-ice” 1961. He was
hose“ on the basis of his accomplishments during the years that . . or 056
closed his 1937 graduation from Grinnell.
ant. iron ii. 10
COTT MCLEOD , » . ' r
11 average of 42 yards) and at the National Football Hall oi , i « ' . ‘
 
are the decision touchdown for"range Dinner in New York (ml
273 Grinnell victory. 'December 5. where President
McLeod maintained a lilelongl gonna“ “’35 ”‘9 keys‘e Span"
Ttel‘est in sports of all kinds, 9"ud the sports section was one‘ eye .7 _ ' “ s come
the firstsectlons he read in
‘ . Si 11 l f ' . v
domain failed “THE non-dirt
d t' he b'l t b - J n.
mg“; .5.) served one REGHTm—
isidcred Red Smith one of ”that
mm mm” McLeod’s sheer SEE MODERNISTIC BEFORE
2W“ ““9 hm ‘° “”9“ ' THE CHRISTMAS FORMAL
“g“e based‘ l _ CALL 236-3089 FOR APPOINTMENTS
'ill be told in the December light M@
r . ‘ 1w M‘iﬁumf
.sue of Sports Illustrated. wheel ERNQSIEEC’ EAUTV SALQN ‘ V W i '
served their graphics _ ml 5“: Ave. and Broad Street ACROSS FROM THE STRAND
- shape of silver goal posts
Gifts
 
he stories of the 25 winllersl
   
 
 
Page Twelve
SCARLET AND BLACK
l Marllmm \Iarllmm Marllmm
 
 
 
Friday, December 8, l96| ¢
 
. . .It’s a top seller at colleges from U.S.C. to Yale
.. . and 1st in the Flip- Top box in every single state
If you think you're seeing more Marlboro men
lately, you‘re right. More than 25,000
brokers all over the country are switching
to Marlboro every month!
You'll know why when you try them.
Marlboro is the ﬁller cigarette with the unﬁstored
X taste. The secret of the Flavor is the famous
Marlboro recipe from Richmond, Virginia. . .anal
the pure white Selectrate ﬁlter that goes with it.
Try Marlboro and judge for yourself. On or
off campus, you get a lot to like.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Flip-Top be; or King—size pack
 
