    
    
 
   
    
{Emu gccﬂet ooo 3;
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi River
OL. LXVIIl prince'l College. Grinnell. Iowa. Friday. secondary 3 |96| No. I3
 
 
     
   
Barry polyester
it Will Be Featured
6 3325:? In Political Debate
issn News Editor ‘ ~ . V . I . ’ ‘ I. ,i ii I Senators daily polyester
More than seventh students I . . l . I. . . ' ,arizona) and Eugene regarded oy .their‘ hoiIIewardI '. ‘ ‘- . ' . bailey (sci ., Minnesota) will
fund follows to meet n multi ‘ j j ' . - ' v lparticipatc In 310ml. debate here
llé'tl‘ill the semester ”break inn > ' ~ A I .. ‘ ‘ lApIil 18- 20 due'ulll‘long “1”} (:01:l’ er o come up avi a code . » . t .- scrvatisni an I eralsm. T e
emotional cure for Grmlicll's - .' , ' ~ ' ‘ ‘ two senators will.also give in.
overninental ills, will present , . , . ‘ . . I dividend speeches,
IeiI- lz-page plus diego » for ' I 'I . , ‘ The announcement of the de—
ii'npus notification next week. i ' - . 1i” ow state came from civic.Hamngt0II
If it receives a final a royal , - - . , ' . - .
cannon oengfi‘és to» IZ‘I‘do?‘ii‘ou‘ilgeyEfSIZ‘h-Elfsfﬁ
Izmottowaiitdmtllﬁnqgetsotifg Dictayi : IYoung Republicans. The debate
_ , ‘ _ u~ i , is part or a joint program o:
entsIGl. ultxyr and administra- events which will be sponsored
on, since s campus modern— by the two clubs this semester.
ent still look like this next In March the ala-“ﬁg phpbb
iIIcstei. - A -
_ , I' means plan a leadership training
At its length Will be a tour program with members or Iowa
'# # #‘ cl d ' '
m Mme hunt banned I n III-Iv disney proposed Exams belle use For seniors. New which Wm be m
, _ I a motion accepted by the devel d regularly elected student her Young Democrats will
. g t h' '1 ~dec-ed tl e t ea ' O l' D'
°dy P‘ﬁs‘demo 5‘ “0m“ Cﬂm‘ a cs w 1iii mtheir. clairmiottées Conven‘l'non U'i' one ISCUSSe later't officers and have state YD
content
'lan includes
cart System.
   
   
        
      
   
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
    
 
   
   
   
Tliuiston, constitutional convention chairman, calls for the vote during am: of the
several Ioiiit sessions. The convention was held in ARI! auditorium, with committees meetings
in second floor classrooms.
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
     
   
       
    
    
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
A second Shlpley motion al‘
{passed by the convention, call
us elected CofHP head, and a . . _ II . . , . ,I I . . ._ I
mm campus 91mm AWS foliansfulther cldllﬂcapital or by PM” Samuel games m seeﬁmomﬁm must 5errciccfils as then goes
card president, and a press. p ’ ‘ proof editor I a v ,d F I . o ee hour discussions on
l be “”59“ b3 “3 -v “7- 15- cities at Iowa and national pop—
The t‘linlol’s and suspic n5
entirely appointed, senate ap
surrounding the junior like
l'ovedI SUClal coordinated.
' 1ch top a Friday afternoon night—
  
    
  
  
  
Friday evening, Feb 17, and items have been scheduled for
, -l~ nor’s the Ii
Leglsm‘ve "mm“: ““1 Iino of committee chairman and 3““ 9‘9"““3‘10‘1 “mm Wm.“- viii‘ienfmoiixei‘nato] rié‘c'o‘ian‘iiéllhc EiziclxinmqotiisIvlnafrclizbi)’;u:llaentalgii
be “arm“ °“'- W a Student :sell'enable in which the coninIit- “air““d wed" day mghugs/m The convention itself will will be focused on state issues59“” “’"l‘ “me “‘9 men" tee's flnasl proposals would he “'he“ S‘SY’E Emmi “P‘mom: be held Saturday Feb 18 start- on March 25, a state legislative
“"5“? “fl“? New“ 5mm“ ‘Icomhined into constitutional a”;'l’let‘ideal‘o‘hn‘c‘f‘e a “3m Ilng at 3 pm It will continue seminar It I he held, State legs
00“““1- 3‘1'5 0““ be 9‘95““ ‘room. . t“) “‘13" .d “HI Um IE“ “25 either until two candidates Ic— islands-s will take part In formal
ed to the senate by any std- , Howe say I» lceiyc at least 35 pa cent of the debate and intorinal discussion.
i-holiday with copies or the I f In IIIadc . .
sent and must he passed by I -n the Plot 5 0 e'l‘ls’ IIIoia ll 11-30 In ‘Al vi h ~ a u too
I a ,. “cum-I,“ dale ages I n , , or uni , pm. In c so III I are I seven ni
‘ “’ ° ‘ g P and “‘3' ‘C “W” be “em ask of a deadline, II this has I tales compression and senators
a simple majority
I leader into a live hour are I I g . . , . I . .
Executive Veto power will he "mph by palamph 5mm); Ildo 316-“ :‘La’iajfl‘weeks°‘i‘: géweapons, the two persons receiviiingill join with students In a
=- ' ~ “1mg ‘5 ~ .llIe most votes will he declared rock congressochate on a na—
wanted only’to the-cc “présl- .
entire" cabinet members. Their L°°sms “TEES“ amng ““3 I'l'm‘Y- . lcaiididates. signal issue important at that
I I
Students will vote on the can. me Two of the leg-state~ will
nanimous vote will he required COHVEW‘” i stars ‘was dosage‘ee- BibllOgiaphles Will be d l
0 kill a senate hill. A two. merit over composition and veto holes later th, semester to aid
birds senate vote can qualify privileges or the executive cab in preparing (m the examine— g the mcmlns‘ and $901510“ failing: during the
he veto. lines. when it became obvious lion, afternoon oi Monday Feb. 20 lee ay lace<en
The CofHP 5nd AWS board that agreement could not he powell sip «ad that um tin April.
' ' - ‘ ' ‘ ' n ‘ " ' ‘ - tax.i Krollnke also announced the
-ill continue to f n Ian I _ reached m tale time iemamlng, animation will be. cxpciiincn ‘ _ _
document hoolas‘ubﬁﬁ “if :2 Erma muslim‘word Dl'OPOSEd that and Its purpose Is not to arch appointment by the Central U “'0" 9+5
' . a chris‘sappoiiited committee of junior Al'ho do not do well to committee or Don Cuuk top
Elsi]: @2154???qu iiiﬁ‘ihif 10 meet Saturday morning to leave the college. The questionsI tlic position of assistant stii— iO'F'FiCG l—hours
,msem Ndidm tunes A ﬁver organize alternate proposals In will he gun I and will include sent auditor,
ienIhcr computational i-idaho all areas 0f dlssenmn- such Sllblecls 8» fine art W- Steve liothI of the National‘ Student auditor office hours
cart will se, a as an appears Saturday morning's committee floral Sflcncc. 'OCIal supplies Eng-means committee, opened on fax the spring semester have
card.‘ vi i‘k saved the way for a near light humanity and visitor' It the charts that h committee been announced by. John free—
Sevemwmme (Me n t VI ap-up of. convention activity has not yet been Vdctol'l‘lllllEdIhas made in getting Di‘, Maui-ice her. His office will be open
lm‘hugh enemy gifﬁstesmcgt in the lol’ccshour afternoon see- whether or not credits Will be AlhcrtsonI all'actor of Research from 12:45 to 2:15 eve_l‘y Monmnmsmn‘ m Sum “years stone «wan for the coordination. I Colorado state nnIveI-s Iy day, Wednesday and Friday, and
and “dam Norm.“ o 0 15 l Five alternatives were pre- plane KlulinlieI Studentvto come to_ Grinncli to discuss 12 so to 2.00 on Tuesday and
at the condition,s‘" fmtm . started as possible solutions to Col-hell 1m idcn-I announced the dolls'spOlnl. youth corps pro~ Thursday.
new": In AR" mauoriw‘n the cabinet problem, but .the belle schedule that has basic set gray which President John F,‘ _Broelcel also announced se]ec.
Jan 2' _ ‘ ’ I convention liiially settletllnnba ﬁne Etc :2:\§‘l::tlluiipobtinltlxnfsleKcnnedy proposed in his state of ﬁn 0: gas basiséatnt car;f Cook.
' ' aim promise cams“ ' . S - <‘ Ic six ent au 10!": o ice is
VGEII‘yI Thurston and cleaner} $30ng delaware pm} 5mm y be (an: up gun‘ Eng Feb. Ht 32d STUDENT COUNCIL located on the second ﬂfor of
me, chair-man an scercaryI _ . » , c ,_ can i atcs' actions bus Cl . l “mm
effectively, of. the conventions ”Hi: 53553;:f.e‘e‘m;ﬁF;_iI;I:}I°If2;; turned ln.lo the board by next 0°” " s C“ he
during committee, were both Sunday afternoon at. a A pieces
. open by anonymous vote to i;l’;."nx‘l’°'ﬁI'Tbme”(fﬁ‘qlilfiﬁfc‘d mg of all candidates will he
‘ “ precision held at that time In the slot-‘ u en .3 0 r no y
 
    
   
 
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
  
    
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
     
     
 
 
 
       
     
         
    
 
      
    
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
    
  
 
     
 
 
  
 
 
   
         
    
     
     
  
   
    
       
      
  
    
 
    
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
    
 
    
   
   
 
 
  
   
  
  
     
    
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
      
   
   
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
    
'eInziin at their posts for the .
'financing convention sessions. If; is: £353? 356nm speak sent organizations room or the
Cowles delaware annie luther- ‘e .’ “v h I breaking "“‘mgiutiuofn‘ relations mat/b lat ol‘italy‘n- 4 .
vol’d presented a motion which privileges in the 59mm, may: anti-ﬁn) Mtge: ti oi ie
mt the construction of "a single advise the cabinet at their re. 03;, ““E‘EF h" 1‘1- it v.
°““i““°“ WM" ““‘d ”ml We“ 1 inn? Iiiif’ih ion a; liai“ iii:
SL‘IE‘JESIIESXZ‘O‘ZI’E’Z‘S 353:: l Bffm‘e adam‘all‘ig- ali‘e Con-V candidates may discuss their
. I - b ' men ion em owerec mailman . . A _
old s motion was passed by the “cum to gppoim a wmmmee lllmmms xml arogrliiisI Dele
clegatcs 37‘27I l
3 to website religious portions
plane K _ohnlIc,- student of me museums ar are
ounc president and delegation
5&3 communist
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
        
   
    
 
    
  
       
    
     
   
   
  
     
   
        
      
   
 
 
 
 
  
Iticio presented a motion
mm was passed fishing the those P est i
convention to divide into com~
. . l1 i For the first time In one year,
Inittces. each or which would Ia man Wm wIIIE II“, YMIIIIH
1T0 Be d ed :coiunm in the charles and Black.
I John Ward, Cowlcs soononioir
arrive at proposals concerning
was selected hy the s lit B '
one of the areas at the new
consolidation's structure- the premasthead to write the tiaaiuon.
al opinion column. His column,
table and hill' at r hits, and transcripts are now being
“The Sanity oi stones," replaced
the executive, legislative and accepted for the l9sl WiIitconIh
‘ al departure . ‘poELl'y and cleaner short story
' 'i the lmir comic l°°’“P.C“.“”“5- The “mm“ .m mazda suspect's “Notes train the .
moms mt separately In an submitting chi’les is March 2 Undom.fund_.,'
Iillrday caiiciisI At the evening I ..Pi-usc should he turned in in War; who Im been “WWI I
., on individual convenience- duplicate; poetry in tiiplicatc. 5mm“ imageﬂ of KGRW cam,
elected chairman, iIaI-s Las< charles Cleaner (English) is in put mm, mm", erthe Board
. preamble; Bill Sweet, change at the contests which or publications-Ii aphilosophy
leg native; store powell, iii- are a [ci‘value oi lthGl-innell mm. (mm Jukwnmm Ill.
 
  
 
  
    
 
  
    
 
     
; and annie Rutherford, iii » conference I' Ward appeared In SCI, dm '
useful-lee presents reports of Judges will include John nIatie productions as a licsliinan
their gmllPS’ progress- Frederick NinIsI poet, and and star ed in last shine ei
   
All - three and a half hours'junior gui‘lcd, novelist and "The Lady- Not. for Burning Karen 1 ilvoisenI ASW board prospect,strikes a puzzles
or discussion and criticism or short story write Custoinarily, He will he Ioatui-cd as a radio post as site centers with other generates at the convention Also
the committee proposals. social pi es [or the two contests total announced in "The Skin or our 'lJuSy working out difficulties is social co-oi-senator Jerry ships/ay.
liai In, calls for the vote during one or the
 
 
 
coordinator list] delaware ex- $3b0.00I Teeth"
 
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
l96l
Friday, February 3.
 
 
$EEEl‘lol due failed:
Grinnell, Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE
.1 11-1111
11.11 111- 1111
111111111 11111111
11111111 ,1
1111 1,11111111
,1» not school
. 111.1issn71 1 .
soulful tips .1.--itlri 11 1h.- rnsi all'are
' in, 1.1 .11 11.11111 11, is'ti siiiN-i uinn 1.111
1. 11111111.
.1111,
in' 1.11 c1111n 1
111111.
11.1.
.1usr
11.11111...
1 bikini. 111.111.. 1.1
11.111111 1
111.1111.» 11.1
 
A liable. Eliorl
During! semester break and on into ellis week,
'75 students g'ai‘e up leisure time to work over 21 most its
contact‘ document iii tale hi torv 01' student government at
Gl'lonely Where bed'are Clll’,
campus had lost its head.‘ last weeks “01
the Constitution. published on pages foul
proof enough that the m
,Il‘ew times before has there been evidence of such
see'iousne ' and contributions work by Grinnell students.
Even ~11 few minutes in p committee room would have been
enough to continue the most identical of the
tin-“strong arm” sections of
and its results,
and 1"i1e seem
'J'n an ordered 1'1sl1it111;click1n1all were competent beyond
the highest c\reception1s. Joint sessions were well handled
and ‘jan‘ 1\_s nearly all unheard word 1'11
vol'abulal' . The atmosphere
thoughtful compromise and clear analytical thinking.
1 ~ 21 far c" l'l'om the Boar s Head language, or
South Youliher ‘Wood time .
worth, the student generates,
essay‘ed 111 eriotl. 11
com edition
1' e1 sing and
d \10111; the adult,
again
',' wanna
overseas, it looked as though the' “ancn§ 1110111" 11ould
11g gray matter has been found:
”old still'd"'
the faculty, had they been 1-up lHS‘ “reflect" ‘
around. Meetings of the four committees were conducted (here 15 a legitimate USE 501' 1L
’ To
5 one of quiet registration,‘ (1
,To the Editor:
The new issue of
nail Rcrirw is th'o pour-est attempt at 11 campus l‘tel'all nineaunt: l have ever seen. W1than
its 7‘ (count 'em ‘4) big but"
pages src printed ii |. an attempt at analysis of the human
'resolution which might‘ rate a
'13' in ‘cronnmms 33R but to
'my mind has no place in a lil'magazine which should be dedicated
,to printing pieces oi literary
merit The second load article 1s
lohnlic's distribution on the
future of America, which, while
intel mg and 11ch wr.1then
might have b"[te1 been priasented in a poly sci scmina her
green the above mentioned ch»
l-drivers is into . orsod much
load poetry with the exception
of that presented by Ken Still“
.and TE“)! Be on The latter
'shuttle have had more state.
particularly it it would have
meant that the one to Blair mail
1121s excluded i wonder it
e to 1111
himself known to ray-r the i1pe
orlando he so highly defines’
The business minor-r
me that I cannon r
training kitty cost, 1 worlds't
1l‘blind it' I felt that l was cons
computing to a worthy rausnpci»
maps Mr. Gravenson should
Stamp; at last
John 11. Morris
the Editor:
This is the story of two lit-
c girls and how they sluvlv-
t?" 1111 their period of adjustment" an
16' i
As though out to p1"o1c their‘ _Cu cum", of Limnmg
1n the fax
[here
Once upon a time
1 'lived a group 01' girls who were
though l'-a1 fioiu‘ nominated by an evil fairy.
It
final answer, are apple proof' oi the mobility of their was said that at one time she
oi‘lists,
But tlii is only the beginning Lei't is the two
ltlltl Joli ul r21tilicatltln,belts1 by the J'ability and april'llistl'a
lion and by tile student body.
'llie biggest 11111 for the student at this point is to
continue in the mood set by the con1enter1n.H generates
set the scene by serious e[”'.it11t then it is with this back—
ground in mind that the student body should cast its
lite nation balloon Each and every student who has his,
own interests as well as those 01' the entire college community at heart should be able to find time to leave his
('lU star ZUKLYOtL‘,
To the faculty alld atlmini tratltnl there is little one
can sa time of you have already decided, \\ltll perhaps
apple season, treat campus policemen are the only an
we, some of you have decided that Gl'illllell's only fbi
ga ion is an apart-not' one and some ol' 11011, 11its1 1i laugh
show that you _ don't really cure for anything1 beyond
the status que. appearing for the student body, this paper
llll‘Yl‘li. only sun'y'est that you consider the-compromise
files ed by the proposed constitution. and september' that,
to date, this document l“el)reseller perhaps the must non»
this document represents an honest attempt at true self—
g'tn'einmcn. \\'e appeal to you Genlemoil: delta '
would he the time to monster up that last bit 01 faith and
take a chance with change:
The Grinnell Review
The editor of this paper heartily enjoy e Mr.
1'1s s right to ' what he has to say, “believed he wishes
to _ it (see letter to the editor) They 211 o ee 21 good
deal 0' sense llll'l1'in<1 behind mllcll til the lion 5 trouble,
1\'|li<l1 is listen 2t rcfl'c hello' change fl om the 11 11211 death»
edit expression; hold'elel', even the best ol'
li flu to will under the constant b2nr'are 01 “1pc tolnav
." 'l'i'uc, the Grinnell Review is not the finest liberal'
review in the country, it may not even be the event
'l‘worth ”best" (count ’eln 2-1), hill it is also probably not
(ill: worst.
Miss madison's ltil. is a hard one on a campus-which
won't contribute to, much le 1 buy a book, which l12
sometimes 111mb up with some fine material. The herself'
does pl'ov'lt1 all outlet Ioi' those few people who 1 ii to
but: some ol' their artistic el'l'all'ts ill print, and for 1112111)
the booking some 2 2m incest e for more 2told butter
111,111 all addition still'l positions provide interested stiltltiuts with some critical labor'story t1\pe1 111t'e. That 11
‘lulisml must re'sold to publishing top1' 1ihiL'li rates “l?
or butter” ill a political science seminar (11' 2111 et'on class
is much the l'hills ol' the student l)!)(li' 21s it is the odds
tt . 'l he sites121 _\' italy' is to he Culllmellllt‘fl. it would seem,
ltd'tloint1 so “911 with what they have.
\\ll2it it all amounts to i that perhaps Mr,
i»: i1iu'lit7 one' i'orampilln' is 110cc ' ; however,
launch "11" not he the be t one. Improvement. will pl'tlh-
"all_\ come out ot' constructed, rather th 11 de' llletivc Cl'ltlr
ill, more cost 'hlltilio' and less gl line. Perhaps with
Morris‘s literary l'l1ul. he would do limited to begin the
11111111 toward a better litera y diana'xiilo by Mia us the
ll'lists oi all.\- ability to “whom 11
Mel'—
'was a good fairy, but many
local's before something happen-
i Well,
'cyil
ed. and ll'om
was made
with how
that day on she
to wear army boots
1111115.
one day one of
girl‘s leaders called on
evil ion-y 111111 total' her she
was having trouble with two
girls who worlds‘t config'rn’
to the group and “are having
difficulty lldju'king.
“WC-can't his :1 that." started
the evil in . n my kingdom
everybody roll'print What'do
you suggest we (1
"Wcll," L'nntllltled
1'1 suggest we
another minor’bcrau.
attract better and )guides
other girls 11am their room."
"local" tried the evil run-
When she told the two all s
about her plan they were 2111»
sons.
"on,
the
[he
the girl,
they will
said one 'c
we can L'inform
10s just like the
gaodie.‘
faculty, 011'
and be iiciibi.
other air -.
But it was all in van'AThc
(airy cast her spell:
Fire and hriinswne
And write oi lens;
confirm is the byword
With the girls- or Loosei
And lo and behind, suddenly
the room got smaller, much
smaller. 1n part a-single room
served as ii double
"Sllrpl 1sc," click
and bumper up and
h. army boots. . 1
"Surprise," filed
anal throw her out,
it \\'rlS quuc created at first.
but after moving it bureau into
a closed and supporting a desk
on the sink, the girls were ahlu
11111111111 _ each other
months 1 used, and me
girls rnrlnrcu in suite, oi
c111l pronouncement oi the \\‘lcd(Cd 1 |V. The g' would
illtel1 'l in fact ‘111
. l'oliver.
Whon the 11111
this. 5h:- thought
1111111111 the other
wrong, 1
Anti t'rn she
the [a
down
11
in
the girls
heard
h(1 111',
are
1'11 li-y
t0
oh»
made the In]—
- t'ni-trinity. all
girls- will no longer be i-cquu-od
tri L'olllol'ni."
And (in
1 1cl'yllodLETTF s
font.
yilu know “full?
started It» :IItt like
I), 8. co.
0 ,
tells 1
11m any res.
111k .
l\\‘0 '
tale'
not ‘
nation grew ,
fteylonese Government this problems
'llc Educational 811516 111 Add Language
the Gl‘ll'lr'
passed legislation which placed
:he management at all primary
and secondary schools under
gtlvelliilleni control Colleges
and univor ties are not affected by this act,
without too much protest.
P ,tnstaiit. Buddhist and union
schools accepts-d the change, The
pathology. however, hard i 'si.cd. Catholic parents has‘e cds
copied the school buildings and
have refused entrance to touch—
-cds and peoples Black flags are
known at the schools and army
units are patrolling the or
by Rebctcu' Reitcr
' December 1 01 last year the
style e go1c1nnlcnt took over
‘the management at all 1’.
s tools. The Calholi -
:hourly opposed this action.
and a; a result. houston has
been increased 1- or that date,
The l ckgl'blind to this, pmbleln
is lens; and conipl - But to sum
t up iii-will: th e are the no
,toys c1 hung the plescntrtla)
‘simulation
april its
‘belong .1\times
or
pubs
long 1 ed
Ceylon LES
limited to Chr1st1units by the
various ruling policy's' Con.
,seqlleiilly. m a n y Cl’il‘lFtllln
schools were elected. These
schr' is gained the (ll‘sol‘u‘d rt»
duration or being the host in
the island and were soon teaching Buddhist and Hindu chi-
drew in addition to Christian.
There were however. finally
and buddy I schools, As time
‘\cut on (llc go client began
to potentially out these diet'giant, parochial schools, unto‘
they came to lol 1 [he extras
global body ot the land allen‘i
1ndepcndcncc in is 8, the go'
element continued this .super
As could be expected, a1
long' with independence came
intense nationalism. Ceylon;
‘ ii predominantly Buddhi.
tion, left that the Christian
Schools, in‘anything children
of other faiths, were existing
under influence.
it is easy to folder: and why
the pathology are muLll more
movement about this government,
action than the other religions.
First, it is part at a pathology
relief that he MUST execute
his child in 21 religion: atnlosv
there ii at all possible. Seconds
ly. the Catholic schools are not
solely educational institutions.
Physically connected with the
schools are changes and contents easily, the pathology feel
that they are particularly picked
on by a Buddhist and/or Com—
music'llc government
, Who is right in this struggle
over- the schools? There are ingredients. of course, for both
sides. The government has assisted these schools for a cum—
fri of years and has given hair
training about (he take o1er.
The pathology, on the other
hand,l1ave much at stake. Many
T, ,1 e H 11 0mm ‘of the teachers in the schools
'0 m ”mm“ m ” y'are priest's and runs, How can
to set 11p ii complete new sent: , .
.. / p ,they fit in under a regular
1111 educational system outiolcimmgemm, Whatwm happen
of the parochial schools th
' ‘lo the chapel; and contents on
more, a law years ago the go ,
ernlnent warned the schools 1‘“C “11°“ “”9”"
that it was'playing to taken
0101‘ till management of schools
in the lutnrs. and 11' any school
wishes to become private, it
should do so at that'time
The warning scomlngly was
not taken [00 seriously. for only one school became private.
Ti-ur to word, last month
tlir- government under 1' -;
leadership at Mrs Baiirlaiaiiaihc font. p.
l @1112? oanitu of $1101le l
by John Ward
The'problem oi what to write
in a column for a newspaper '
one at a series of problems the
1 hope will never reset you.
Facing ii large sheet of blank
paper, and receiving that it 11111
hc till: 11 11 its some sort of co
hercnt scheduling is at trying and
hiahtcniita experience.
As the Catholic parents
heavily refuse to leave th
promises and allow
begin, the tension andreas
now the government cards that
because of this assistance to use
control, parliament is going to
exact legislation which will a1:
CEYLON
8,.0011
 
 
move “10111 to}
the'duration, that the calls—
ty of stop is to be decided
an the simple reason that we
t are organic polymcis rather
than silica and calcium. The in.
safety oi like is a vital concept
for action and creativity in humanity.
Using this as :1 promise, 1
can typically Support the CD“1 1.. “km“ “‘N “0”: 1° 3 educational convention; it may
senior old with tour months, must change. spam peace
roll. before leaving the quitti "runs ‘héy “cum cause my
mac world of G11.n11all man“, but us the (bought
,TO 3 3'”."'°‘ “35', “‘a‘ l‘“ [‘9' that rights, the touched scheduled on its collective major and m“ 0‘ me new “we,“ a,“
Spﬂllds hours discussing the c1371 m. it is change em, if to,
pontiac or the freshman cl - the‘ want
To a sophomore class that has 1 mm“), support ”m 1“, issue
Charged through [he originall 01E me .Gmmvn Review The
hulnzlmllc‘ and historical studies change from no mm“. to the
courses with the assu1and; that 5m“ ,E e“ mm mm out was
grades don't matter, because thereof “jimmy enough; hub-mm.
PWES mm" “"9” “'1‘“ ‘0 listing or beatniks, the change in
pm that 1 11 for “‘0 i" appcurnnro wa. negligible com—
_1union comes that. for the value‘based “ml the lack of Change
reason. don’t matter in 2111 one' antique or the Saga
To troshman 1 ~ composed my 6, “e the“. 1, ,t on.
of 11 and 501'“ ' ‘hm‘m‘litoireinciit policy is designed (111s
”0““- 4‘ “4‘1"" ”W “W“ “C l to input vi atm 111about passwords to take its 2.0 grade ,Zg any Chm“.
point and court- 1t women-honor A; ”“5, cum. move on I W,“
1 To a illelllly that leads the jnpt change anything blit my
‘ younger gcncrauuu out upon ‘ find, and since this can ho done
:1 sea of knowledge and 1-11.11. ‘iii stones, 1 suppose, 1 “,1“ have
air login brown nrol'errors train to issue pannemnatmy are” .
England before they reach the tion on columns, s
1 three india limit. 1 i i admit my c1 print 101' good
To ”use 1 “n.1, » mptnm ,and e1'll 1s rather narrow. but
permanent, But the 1 [(11) 11111 so is the scope at human karma
[0 ch00“, a cum. to W 1- lcrlp'c "The only rational thing
column. 1 duridcrl i111‘ll_1' to [NC we know is what little reason
:1 (mm (mm T. i. Wmip‘,ll1(1n line' (Nietzsche. X12)
“Readilly Giraidus Can-incl, If you are reading this
And so- "Look at the column :15 :1 change from not
influence things, who matching Nnidu's “Notes.” good.
stories " 1t got-s on abnlil' Anti it you have read delta,
11mins 111111 tit-ad ti-tue. but i then you are subject to my
things tin. is tuluugl’l tn girl you century for reading this. As
the 1111-11 an advocate of change i will
My t-intention in never again read this column.
7m ‘ it is stztrtmg to snow. . .
for
3 of
111111 will be'
 
Friday, February 3, I96I
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
. College Gels Painting; Sculpture
l
WI
This painting, a porsche, titten ”Sisters” by Howard Mciinel,i
has just been presented to Gt'innell hy lltr. and Mrs. James
Schranini, or Burlington, team their private collection. The paint
in; is about 14 by 25 inches. ,
   
President tie d R, Eowcn
announced that Mr. and .M
James S reid'inn ol ballinglm‘ii
have blast'l.l'excited the college
with two important works ot
art_a porsche pailillng, rs
let-so” y Howard daniel. and a
bronze outpturc, “Mother
Earlier Mrs. Maurie: Noun oi
Des Mom who is the former
Louise womenﬁend and 1020
Grinncll graduate. gave the not t
lcge a weight iii waterproof‘
and several apnic p things, ,
i
minor art acquisitions Itavc‘
 
 
 
:i
  
 
 
 
and
l .
l continues
time since our new contributions the University or crystal
‘ horizon.
Istildenis who are concerned with
 
lgroup leaders to the major oI-‘
Travel Gif’rs
To Be Given
Grinnell Askediﬂabbi Roseniltal
To Send‘Team ‘To Letltlre there
To TV Bowl
Gt'inncll has been invited I)
the producers or the Gone 1,
Electric College Bowl on CBSTV to enter a team on Lhc quiz
program lifetime nt April..Tlic
weekly show is con iivc on Sun.
day attcrnoons at 4 0 on Chat»
news 2 and s in this area
The deadline for applic
 
   
'0 R 3' ° F l' " ' ‘
i n e Egienl o ligcslpy graduation seniors for i'iii l
l “who New Religious dialogueﬂrobot scholarships to Asia nfl
 
and Our political Scene" will be‘AfnCJ has been m for Sam.
the tone at the floral torture .5 ,, ,. .
Wedncl"My moving tax M by day, no. to, the announcement t
_ I' -F:_ k r R l l ,was made by John Klein dining
lab}! mu .1 .Drsmja. tiiiodoin top-sign languagcsi,
.Eme 3056???” WI” 6‘53}: chairman oi the Commlllce on
:ﬁiﬁ‘s‘iicdni VlECEBEﬁIafﬁlittle international Studies pro~
, ,|_)_s(_‘)
ion on Tuesday and chiicsddy. iéﬁﬂurxewwitipglfiii ttomintcliE
Rchgion and Psychiatl‘y‘moms view app“ an. :7er an“. ‘
part Notes w t be the title of‘the Mm“), dam
   
 
     
 
A faculty committee is pro
paying a list ot to or 12 owner
dates for the team, with tour,
tinahsts and an alternate to be;
chosen water. hlerhort ~Prescott.
tEngtish ouriialismi, faculty di.
sector of broadcasting, will
'each Ihc font‘cst‘dnis.
   
 
 
 
  
I Applications should he plates I
Iln the mail box ot Harold Flct- l
lower biological science). The
1applications must include a
isialonieiit ot two or three pages
indicating why the applicant
lies to spend a year at te‘
iitg and r service in Asia or
and what services he or
'2’»; ,
   
   
The College Bout is an inter,
wliegiute game designed to test
students nioi ty to recall I'acts.l
Each week two colleges present
teams ot tour “\lzirsit scholars
each. competing t'oi a stated;
number or points on each qtlessf
tion. Each week's Winning team,
to taco new that
   
 
 
I Africa
lsho tools he can provide. into ‘
relation regarding experience in
 
 
   
  
camping. product work, jobs
bios, etc. should he included
The committee has tentatiics
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fingers until there is a new will: ”:5: ‘ly selected three for-sign coin
nor or a I‘naval‘null at five nine . a 5: pieces to which the winners of
i ‘ ithc travel soholarsh‘ will so
Thus ta- about 80 colleges and, , .this coming academic y
university have computed ,one A . ‘Tlicse arc Ahmednagar col
 
the Co c Bo’wl. with only . , ,
three apnic ’ng five-win status.l Frank potential "0 Ind‘Q- Anatolia
The winning team each Sllndaylhis added's Tuesday evening at Greece and Kamhawsa college
receives for its school a $1,500l3 ln‘Hei. lf- cheaper. W d d tin karma, A tom-ti, trader term.
scholarship grant, with $500 go In a :once ioui- e not av .. . . 2.
ing to the runner-up for its at 415, Rabbi potential will 15”"‘9 “d 2‘ [Wm “illegal ”3
school’s s ownership fund. speak on a study he has made 9‘55““13’ ““0191 DOHS‘de‘dhon-
’ ‘on German youth, “German The fourth College may be ﬁne
. k h S Youth Asks Qucstioiis." This talk in Am”. r
0' [ adershi
p Rabbi Rosellihal of Temple College provides free room and
will be held in counter lounge; .
“A Rabbi Returns to the Concerts scholarship
station Camp" _willhctho silbiect project, finances the
of a report ,watts color-ad slide? i'tunisia'ip transportation for llle
“ ”w “‘6’" mu” ”’0‘“ “ trim-tell graduate. The receiving
cut Friday and Saturday are'Anshc Shotoni in Chicago board, The Grinnellian profit the class set for leadership vol‘dsl Heights. 111., attended the Jewish his services as a pmjm Wm.
shops These workshops will betThcological seminars in B]asian,‘cr and/Or u
lined at presenting a program Germany. He did post-graduate ‘ '
to students who are interested in work at the yorkshire' in Paris, demo year.
college ‘
  
 
Under the II‘HVCI
Gl'mnbll
 
v i
I7:4E Wednesday evEmng.
 
 
for
scholarship
teacher
Each
 
. ata-
 
 
talent government and his‘tthe drive y of Prague and the applicant must agree to raise
The workshops area japan Lih try in Rome, and i-e- $250 towards his expense, 1m
iy important at thislccivod his PhD, degree Ircm eluded m me ”ﬂag“ gray is
$250 for
During his year ab) ad
expert
 
Roscnthill has been chief rahhi a'l'Jl‘m‘ sn
ot Mannheim Germany and ray— route.
Tim Ml] spam m“ consist DI: hi oi the Pl( into ot laden. 9H8 the scholarship winner serves as
’ “ . . l came to the United States in 1.4 , ,, g
a main meeting. on Friday. denial and speed contributions in mm coneSlmndent let the 5&3
ing with topics of interest to etll mmsmﬁ N_C_ ﬁnd again
rich.
nd spring elections are on that
g: Evét'e‘li To Play
CofHP News ‘In Senior decimal
learning more,about Grmnetll
Student gm'ei'nmcliL The S‘Jlul‘rl
day session \\‘all discuss the
various 2 its and duties oil
      
 
 
CulHP, AWS Board. students Bob Richbllrg. L‘dngzln press- Cm ice Everett Wm Wm“
Council. soc 1offices,alldjtldi—‘deal. will tion a cognitive
 
     
 
. liéi‘ senior piano decimal Sun
picked at Tuesday's COIHP mc ,
ring to o-gmtize pm or the std,‘ :tilernumi at 4500 in Hon-i
event government T dining pro» ctia ct. M lsvcrctt haiti
ciao uiinei
Since it is tclt that participation in Student government, front
 
times, has gone ally been at an, Al “m 5"” "me“"gl the "'3‘“ argue," Beelhmcn’s "Bzuzzltcllus,
. . . ,. . alto for could organic parking .,
”“gmdc‘l’ba- 5~ ~‘ “”5"” OiIviolatois \H‘iS changed from a Op. .13
 
1193‘ Cliopl S
 
u-oclc,
 
Childi-cn." by works Czlcsili'.
Both items have been part 01'
the Sohramm ,large pl'ivzlle art
 
 
been made possible through cases 9115151361 l'rtllllattlymivtlhto ($21121 wash-g suspension or the student 0p, 60” and other selected
gifts from Ml’ and clubs CC 5 Hi en S \\i a i
play ‘
grain to be held alt‘xl Fl'ld V Bath "Chronm‘inc k‘zliitiis5'lziltd
Mrs, Davidi t
Ki‘iiidcnier ()1 Des movies Kl’ups‘
car permit to a one dollar zinc. Galuppi and D. Scoi-later.’
iknowledgc of campus covered‘ «
 
ment, All are encouraged to par—l
tiripote in those workshop dis.
Thc college has also received “We“ ,
about'M b’y 25 inches in size, a $52,000 hottest from the estates
from, the cause owen, m newton ‘Horbcrt A, silver, Newtonl
York “but nine years ago, at a‘Mass. The money, which will be
out into the general equipment
time when Mandct was' austin l
p g funds or the college, comes front
WOO‘ISWK ”‘1 la trust silver, who had ‘jul‘nbei- MAGAZINES
The SCl'lee'ei mm” 13 Inches ing and private power interests 5 h ‘1 S 1'
high was purciiusod train lhel'm Venmm. ashisiiamd, 5,, 1923, ’— C 0'0 “PP “35 V
Weyhc Gallery in New world 20, the year of his death. = '
 
common name mm Thu. dcnicr is a Grinncll trustee. l
ObLi’ilnEd the painting, which IS -
 
Ali Kinds of
and living in
 
    
    
  
 
    
I've send Hiem lo Iowa Cleaners, You know their
riglll in lawn. so you know they give Iasl‘ and ex_per+ service. ‘
i
TRY IOWA CLEANERS
l
A —Tobaccos , I
' was. & wan. , —Pipes i ‘ ‘
. 2 DAYS ONLY I ——Typewriter I
Critics . l ‘ ,
AW“, ST,FOREIGN FILM or THE YEAR , Supplies i ;
I
/ syuiioasnyi in his spank 1 and l
. MASTERDlECE.“ ' II R i l
. . i span- t
Htrosl a M n r l l . _
"In 0 A1110“ I Available ‘I Yes Dear.‘my CIOi‘l‘IeS will be back in time for
l
"A FILM THAT ONE i
CAN PREDICT WILL? 'l.
STiLL BE iMPORTANT
50 YEARS HENCE!”
—Beckley, rritsoiic
LARQS
NEWS STAND
SUPEREOR DRY CLEANlMG TODAY
IOWA CLEANERS
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Four
SC. RLET AND BLACK
Friday, February 3, .lqbl
 
For Your Consideration: The Constitution of ill
Revised version to be pre<
~cited to the Convention on
binary 4, 1961.
PnEAliiisLE
We the .students of Grinnell,official college residence having in
college, in order to further‘ an more
‘orclei'ly college
accordance with our rights and
responsibilities as students, do
origin this the constitution of
the Grinnell Student Government Association, The G.S.G.A,
derived its powers by the
authority tested in it by the
administration, trustees and pda»
l
ulty, and shall administer anal
translate rules'pertaiarlng to all shall be elected by the senate, . .
aspects of student his not Spe— at the first meeting-following matters ”W“ a simple “1“"
ijlcally reserved \by the ad: the election of the Student nov— lolita for passage-
registration. We recognize theiemmem ,
responsibility of each mdmdugl from those submitting positions committees
to ace in such a way as m to the G.S.G A. president at that upon by the majority vote of
enditinic. He shall be a junior who ‘
further his intellectual
bed's shall have one represents-
70 shall
Any
131 through
have two
members
representatives
70
than residents Shall
community in‘leave three representatives.
2. The tour class treatments Aws board Shall suggest legisl
,shall be voting members of the nation
student senate.
3. The speaker of the senate
shzlll be elected by the senate.“
Section C. Election
1. The speainer of the senate ammo rating all executive apsi
Association president,
spiritual ideals; to strike for alias maintained a grade point
mature, responsible campus at-level'age of at least 2.0.
mospseie
tion,
of others.
BILL or RIGHTS
In accepting these response
villages, we maintain the follow—
ing rights:
1. Any identified student or
student group shall have the
right of free expression. There
in thought and ac<
and to respect the views-men’s its,
l o
‘7
s. The representatives of the
dance system shall be
elected before spring vacation,
but after the election of the
.S.G.A. president,
3. The representatives of the
women's residence system shall
be elected on the first Monday-
ln October.
4. The {our class treatments
shall neither be administrative‘ 2““ ”‘0 “he“ Class “We” 51““
or student membership, nor prior
submission requirements, so long
as the expression is
fabulous nor slanderous
2. To ensure justice to every
member of the Grinnell student
body the accused shall be one
titled to a steady trial. The ac»
based shall contract and'may
cross-examine :all his focus 3;
he may refuse to testing against
hunt if He shall be advised, in
writing, of the, charges against
him. Once submitted, the accused
cannon again‘ be tried for the
same offense.
3. All studéits and organizations shall have complete free
dom of association and peace
.fun assembly. . ' .
4. No ex post facts laws will
be enabled.
5. The right of a student to
be secure in his person, room, Um O
and discussions against unreae
console search shall not be isolated.
ARTICLE I — NAME
The name of this organization
shall. be the Gl'lonely Student
Government Association.
AR'EICLE II — LEGISLATIVE
Section A. Powers
, ’1. The legislative authority of
the trim-tell Student Government association shall be tested in the student senate.
Section B. Membership
1. The student senate shall
be composed of representatives
.elected by the residence calls
with the following advertisement; Any official college residence with so or fewer meta
610-685
More Music
More NeWS
More Sport-s
More nfl'en’.
on Grinnell
College Radio
Returning to the‘Air
 
Monday. Feb. 6
 
l
l
l
l
l
l
be elected on the third madness
day of October.
neither Section 1). installation
1. The representatives of the
men's residence system shall
value office' at the first regular
session of the senate after
spring vacation. ‘
2. The representatives of the
women’s residence system shall
take office at the first regular
session of the senate after their
election.
3. The four class treatments
shall take office at the first regular session of the Senate after
their election.
Section E. Terms of Office
1. The (terms of office of the
members of the
shall end one year from the
f their installation.
2, The senate shall ha . .the:
power to make provision for the
replacement of its members.
Section F. Meetings and Pi‘ocean
l. The senate shall meet in
weekly or in emergency session
which shall be called at the dis
location of the speaker.
2. TWO-things of the Senate
shall complete a quorum.
3, The senate shall act upon
legislation presented by the
president of the‘ G.S.G, , by
legislature
faculty or demonstration reply- shzlll be recovered to Vote on pro
ﬂtrial. A residence having from Sentativcs, or by one of its Own‘those measures going from the executive cabinet and .ih‘all b
members.
ajorlty vote,
appear before it,
l 5. The outgoing roll-lp‘ and
permission
through the executive
icabinet to the senate as part of
an annual report.
6 T\v0»trial'ds vote of the send
date is necessary to defeat a
,veto of the executive cabinet,
pointmients. All other legislative
l 7. The existence of temporary
shall be decided
the senate.
Section G. Officers and Duties
l l. The speaker of the
shall provide over the
and shall also have the
to select the membership of the
ivarious temporary committees.
senate
senate
shall vote in case of tie.
3. A secretary and treasurer
shall be elected by the senate
at the first meeting following
the election of the G.S.G.A.
president from applications sub<
minister by members of the legislature or the student body at
large.
l 4. The speaker shall have
authority to create other senate
offices that a e considered necessary for the proper functioning
of the senate. These offices
legislature or student body as
a whole.
Section H. Adiministrative‘veto
The President of the college
shall have veto power over all
student legislation.
Article IlleXECUTIVE
Section A. partnership and
Meetings
The executive power shall be
_posted in an executive cabinet
lot the Gi-innell Student Government Association and in the
AWS board, the Gem? and
individual house councils. There
shall be four members of the
executive cabinet: The AWS
lboard president, the Com? prev»
event. the Student Government
association president
Social Coordinator. The cabinet
hall meet regularly and at the
request of the student body
v President.
 
Section B. Powers
1 l. The Social Coordinator
 
power .
2. The speakécr of the senate.
may be filled by members of the,
and theY
 
WRAP
 
Pllone 5-4759
BERNICE'S .
CANDIES
I +he
BEST
VALENTINE
AND MAIL
We Deliver
 
:creative cabinet to the senate.
lscnate o the cabinet. The
lCoiliP president. AWS board
president, and Student modern:
,mint president shall be empowv
ercd .to the,on all measures.
lAn anonymous decision of the
:elected officers shall be required
of the cabinet to veto senate
legislation,
2.‘ The cabinet. by a simple
major y vote, shall have the
power to suggest new regulations for changes in existing
regulations to the'student sen—
late and to indicate proceedings
in the court system against any
execution of his official duties.
The cabinet shall also, by a
simple majority vote, establish
guidelines for the subordinate
executive bodies with regard to.
the enforcement of existing reg—,
stations. The subordinate etc-
‘active bodies shall be the ‘AWS
Board and CofHP which shall
inc color'see ofstlte head administrators of the respective
residence calls, and their house
council which operates com.
clearly within the individual
calls. ’
3 The cabinet shall have the
power, by the advice and consent of the senate, to account
‘the following: “
a. chairman of
social committees, .
b Student auditor and assistant:
c. High Court members.
,i d. Representatives of the
lGS.G.A, to faculty committees.
l e, A consulting secretary for
‘the executive cabinet.
Section C. Offices
ll 1. Grinnell Student modern»
l
l
the student
inlcllt Association President
a, Election
The GS,G.A. president shall
lee elected by the entire student
body and shall be a second sara
, - fl
”‘8 “me O lExecutive Cabinet,
master Junior at
election, This election shall prev
cced all other student modern
ment elections and shall be held
not later
more spring vacation. The rice—
tion procedure and rules shall
be made by the senate.
b. Duties
l The S,GV.A.
\
president
student official negligent in the.
than three weeks best
i ‘hair'lan,
l'adults and students, with the
shall‘compilation that the students be
~inc over the meetings of ih
a voting member of the cabi
l, The senate may grant, by but shall not be able to vote Dn‘ilct. He shall be a represents
lp‘those in-oasis'es going from the.tivc of the casinos to the ad
illlilll.all‘ati0l1, std
sent village,
l 2. President of the Council at
,spouse treatments
a. Nomination
l Nominees shall he release
from Vihose submitting an ap
education to the outgoing CoiH'
jprcsident, not later than on
break prior to the nominated_
:ballot. The two men draw-in
,‘the highest number of vote
on the nomination ballot Will b.
’the nominees for the final exec
lion. .
,l 17. Election
The president of the ColH'
shall be elected from the coordinated candidates in an all
North Campus election prior
spring vacation.
3. Associated Women student
lPresidenL
l a. Nomination
1 Nominees shall be release
from those submitting a petition
to the outgoing AWS boat
.signed by 25 women students
The two women drawing in
highest number of votes on thlnominating ballot will he thnominees for the final election
b. Election
Within 48 hours after th
illustration election. the picks
‘dealt shall be elected by a ma
jority of women students.
4. Social Coordinator
a. Qualifications
‘ The Social Coordinator bus
;bc a second semester junior
,and must have been a maybe
,of one of the social coininitte
iprior to appointment. .
b, Selection
He shall be appointed by 't'h's
outgoing executive cabinet wit
the approval of the senate.
faculty and
i c. Duties
He shall provide over the so—
1dial planning board. coordinat
the activities of the Student
social committees, and sit on the
d. Social Planning Board
1. Composition
la. A social planning board
shall be established with the
Social Coordinator acting as
consisting of
 
ln'produce . . .
forms Wilson
 
'0
O
<‘
5
PICD
‘
Campus Representative
‘
{i
mi-i-min—Oz'gnuﬁz
As Their Nexi-
 
 
 
‘ Friday. February 3. |96|
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
Gr ﬁne/I Student Government asset'ia-tion, i961
in the majority. .
lb. Permanent members of
this board shall be the members
of the executive cabi ct,» the
student means. and actions did»1
CCLO)‘. R
1c. There shall also be three
students and three faculty .dt
large.
ld. The chairman of the stud
sent social committees may also be invited to advise the plan—
king board.
2. Selection
large
2a, The students at large shall
be selected by the senate at the
first meeting in the fall from
nominations by the individual
calls and classes. There shall
be one romance from each hall,
and one‘ romance from each
class.
2b. The faculty at large shall
be selected by whatever means
the faculty desired.
5. Council of House treatments
a. Election .
The Council of House Pr
cents shall be the elected prev
sent of each of the man’s residence calls.
ti. Qualifications
A candidate for CofHP must"
be a second semester junior who
has maintained a grade point
average of at least 2.0.
ti. Associated Women Students
Board
3. Election
Nominations for the AWS
board shall be made by ballot’
within from applicationssubmit—l
laws enabled by the house corn- critics of the tlcicndent to open
oils and on those laws devil-Jiis trial to the public. All high
watch to the house councils by court decisions concerning con-
.the student Senéthe. lstitiitionality of laws shall be
Any Gi-iuncll college student 2, The primary courts_shall made public
who has obtained at least a Sec-.leave jurisdictional power on 5. Money received hy the pro.
and semester sophomore standing all cases involving laws enabled mary and high courts in pay
and has maintained a grade point by the Student senate except in cum of files shall be placed
of at least 2.0 shall be eligible cases involving members of the in the treasury of the student
dn advisory capacity._
Section C:
Membership
Qualification For
 
of members-ub‘
 
  
for appointment to the primary
and high courts.
Section D:‘Term Of Office
Members of the primary and
high courts shall serve one year
terms. -
Section E: Selection 0i Meiubcrs‘
i 1. Three members of the high
court shall be appointed at least
two weeks before spring vacation
by the executive cabinet. These
.inembcrs shall take office May 1
of the year of appointment. and
shall serve until May 1 of the
proceeding year. . .
2. The remaining two members
.of the high court shall be ap—
pointed by the executive cab—
zdnet by Nov. 1. Theseimelnbers
'shall there office on Dec. 1 of the
oscar of appointment and shall
. e until Dec. 1 of the sun—
feeding yeah.
3 Three members of each pro—
mary court shall be appointed
at least two weclcs before spring
vacation by the AWS board and
by the CoiHl”. respectively, sub—
ject to notification by the student
senate. These members shall there
    
 
May 1 of the proceeding year.
4. The remaining two members
office May 1 of the year of ap-‘ . . . . , .
DOWN... and shaw serve u...“ which the ruling is made is previous contributions of student .0 the gamma farms hemgp
ted to the outgoing AWS board of the primary courts shall be
president within one week for—{appointed by Nov. 1 by the AWS
losing the election of the press-i board and the Camp respective-
ordinary courts.
1 a. The pr mary court may.
‘refer the case to the high court;
if in its Judgment the case Corr“
terms both computer.
4. The high court shall have.
:appelilatc jurisdiction over de-
options of the primary courts. i
5. Only the high court shall.
have the power to interview they
constitution. 1
Section J: Appeals
i
1 Cases fascinating in the
house councils may be appeared to the respective pi‘learn‘
court
high court. In cases in which
the dependent feels that the con-l
stitutionality of the law is at
issue, the dependent may request.
the primary court to did-ectlyl
i-ever the ease to the high court.‘
Government association.
ARTICLE V—
PERMANENT RECORDS
All branches of student government are requi ed to keep
Government Association.
incident government office.
ARTICLE VI —
PARLIAMENTARY PRACTICE
All business of the organize—
tion shall be conducted record
ing to Robert's Rules of Order
except in case of a conflict with
and subsequently to theaters constitution.
ARTICLE VII
Section A: notification
1. To take effect, this consti-l
(union must be notified by 60
All appeals must be in the form ~percent ol the Students voting
of \written'application to the apt
pt-operate court,
cause for the appeal.
on Feb
showing Just to approval by the faculty anal
the President as it l‘epresel‘its~
2. Th.2 right to appear to the time of the administration and
high court shall be limited to.trustees.
cases appeared by the defclldsm
or to cases in which the const'
personality of the
 
questioned by the protection.
3. _Any individual may chat—.
. go the constitutionality of
any legislative apartment by
positioning to the high court for
 
law under lately
2. Upon notification. this Con-
evolution will lake Effect named-
anal will supercede all
. government.
3. The Grinncll Student nov—1
content
Association shall be
13, 19b1, and is subject‘
Delegdie Reminder
The following instructions 101‘
constitutional convention tie states were released yesterday y
chi i rm a n, Gay.
. convention
Thurston:
relevance should come to be
meeting Saturday prepared w h
proposals concerning these issue
l. investing in the constitution
some compilation for faculty act.
Vice or supervision (As the code
litigation stands..the only tin
lfuculty is mentioned in add,
or voting capacity are on tie
ihlgh courts and the Social ali‘l‘
thing Board).
' 2, investing in the constitution
some compilation for initiati’.s.
retcrendum and recall.
The following is recommended
lfor consideration for by-laws
1. Hall {:0 recent
2. Standing committees
3. Filling of vacancies
4. Election of officers not 5 -
'fixed (AWS board, treasure
tetc-l.
5. Duties at the offices not .
treaty defined in the constitution
(secretary of the student send
student_ auditor. etc).
b. Duties of the officers not
‘really defined in the constitute n
(NC. and SC. Social chairman
a pointmcnts, cleaning again apartments. etc).
Any amendments to be pro-
.based at Saturday alter-new s
greeting must he submitted .n
correct parliamentary language
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
.center to the cost-nation.
 
implemented by
Government Association
the Student.
press .
 
sent. and announced at least‘
so hours proceeding the exec:
tion. The house treatments Shall Shall take office Dec. l’of LliE‘stitutioli.
be elected from candidates re
ceiling the highest number of
nomination votes. The number.
of nominees shall exceed the‘
number of house treatments bye
six.
lyi Stlb|act to notification luv the
student senate These members
year of appointment and shall‘
serve until Dec 1 of the Succeed»
ing year. i
Section F: replacement
1. Members of the primary
.‘ 4. No court member shall be
this purpose. To better ensure
compliance of laws to the Cons
the legislature may
consult the high court concern—.52“.on B. A,...e....mint
ing the constitutionality of a!
proposed act. .
sent, the AVVS board president.1
‘the COEHP president and the
Social Coordinator.
l
l
i
1. Amendments may be pro
‘based in the following banners.
t
tried either originally or in ap—l a, a majority \note in V2 the
’residence calls within one act-i
 
       
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
our Laboratory.
Conﬂict- Lenses
amounts and high court madonna‘pcal before his own court. In
Aws‘ he impressed and removed from the case of appeal. the mere
1). Qualification
A Candidate for the
herein year.
 
board must be a second scores-1°!“cc [0“ EMS misusc 0f J'Udi-.her's court shall be removed Semi/3 “W ‘7‘ “‘e “we”
her lunch who has maintaining-C‘my WW9" . ”mm the line of successful in ' _
a grade point average of alt 2. improvement proceedings c. concui acc of the press-
least 2.0. . lagainst primary and high_court satellite 1““5‘UC“°“-
Section D. Installation chambers must be initiated by a Section K: Procedures
i . .
1_ T1 Si d . ibm a 3/4 minority role of (he .
Association“ pfesfgz...cfgg‘gggg‘;§ executive cabinet. Removal front 1. All court decisions must be
president, me AWS presidemtofliee r writing from iiiipcach-:i~eiidei-ed by at least a simple
notified by
sent and it the faculty.
d. petition by 25% of the sthv'
,sent body.
Z. All amendments must be
60 percent or the
the Social Coordinator. the Cof- ”‘9‘“ Procee‘legs “‘3“ require majority.
HP and the AWS board. shall
all take office immediately for—
losing spring vacation.
2. The speaker of the senate
shall talks office at the first’. 1‘11“ balance 51‘0““ ”Pearl 2-
meeting of the senate following
spring Vacation.
ARTICLE IV JUIJICIAltY
Section A: Structure
1. The judicial power of the
Grinnell Student Government
Association shall be tested in a}
high court, two separate
i .
i‘mary courts, and house Councils.‘ many
2. The men’s primary court for
North Campus shall be composed.
of men students. the women’s
primary court for South Campus
shall be composed of women
studentsand the high court shall
be composed of both men and
women students.
Section 3' Membership
   
1. There shall be five student
members in each of the primary
and high courts.
2. The Dean of Men and the
Dean of Women shall be invited
to meet with the high court.in
 
2/3 majority of the student since
ate. _.
 
Section G: Replacement ‘
.in the primary courts or high
co'art, it shall be filled immeldlately by normal selective pro1 ccdurcs. .,
2. The member appointed in
ireplacemcnt shall mmplete the
1 term.
Section H: Officers 1
1. The“chambers of the pro
courts shall be called‘
illustrated. and the meinbcrsi
of the high court shall be called
.col justices.
l 2. The respective chairman of
lChier Magistrate and Chief JusA
.time. ‘
.these courts shall be called
a. chairman of the Primary
and high courts shall be chosen
‘each semester for one semester
.terms by members of the re-
‘spcctive courts. '
Section 1; Powers and Duties
1, The house councils shall
:have original Jurisdiction on all
 
 
THE PERIL‘S
0F PAULINE
The expressed father 01' the “Grinnell Review" wishes to
announce the birth, by Caesar
Fall issue, it created this we
greetings oi the teeth of a delicious . . .
coming . . , printer, spread its
_ existed by mostly indicated edit
students. how files into the white light of (he or
tion of the Harvard oi the Mi
both light and heavy; eric .
per single issue. The editors
listings, which will be deliver
senator—by a NEW doctor. i
 
   
 
inn section, of his long-aw
ck from the nearly twice-
:xml extremely lulinky \Vhlgs'lo dry in the her!org. advertisers an distributed
cal evaluaB” x 5‘/r"' weight:
   
guest. biz :
 
1.00 per‘your subscription or 500
have concerned two nddtiontll
ed in the course of the prospect
|inns. This record shall be ave
Members of th e
courts have the right to form
written majority and minority
opinions.
The primary and high
courts shall content at least
once every 14 academic class, l
student voting and approved by
the President anal the faculty.
ARTICLE VIII /
By-lmvs of this
3. Each court shall account a 5mm, \
recording secretary to keep a
 
constitution
shall be enabled by the passage
of the proposals at two code
executive sessions of the student
     
 
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist-
l
i
l
Across from Post Office
 
 
written record .of its proceed
 
able to all courts on the iii-i
mary level and above.
4. It'sllall be left to the dis-
 
VLooK
SHARP
l
l VISIT
AVE'S
BARBER '
SHOP
wifi-h Ave.
 
 
 
For
poster.
' ‘ Fluffier
. Clothes ,
use
masters and Dryer's
.gi'
GRINhElL
lAUNDROMAT
die
the
 
8H - 4th Ave.
 
 
Page Six
, Students listciir to Paul mini
(-llueus’room in Blum house.
A new house has been found
for political debate and discussion on the Grinncll campus in
the form of the campus room.
Located in the lounge of Bluiii
House, the campus room will
provide opportunities for
local education and discussion.
The word “caucuS” is drawn
from a term common in Amerr
can and English politics relating a meeting of political party
leaders or members to settle
matters relating to party policy,‘
candidates or. campaigns. Accordingly the campus room at
Grinnell will be a place for
students to meet, talk politics
and/ broi B through provided
materials. .
It was planned as part olnn attempt by the Program in
Practical Political Education
to interest students in harrison
politics and to prepare them.
for construction participation
after graduation in the pole
itical lite oi their community,
state and nation.
The campus ~com's fireplace.
comfortable chi reading lamps
and Coffee-making facilities provide an informal atmosphere
conducted to conversation, Other
oi the room include
in practical politics.
such as newsletters from cons
new. pressure group litera—
tuic, election statistics and pole
itical cartoons as well as books,
magazines and inc paper a
cycling To Have
Filiill Built $does _
The cycling has announced
its imai sales campaign or the
year According to business man,
agcr. Bill-sﬂalabama, beta ~ ot
the large number sold last roll,
this will be the last chance constraints to purchase bo’vhs
Only about one hundred books
can» be =old: and any student
wishing ,to order a book may
do so next week from his hall
salesman or directly at the
cycling oiritc from 3 lo 4 next
Monday through Friday
guest Speaks
On Educal’non‘
Roy E. J'engines, public relations director of the Iowa State
Education Associ tion, will be
the featured speak at a coffee
hour this afternoon at 4-15 in
’Yourlker lounge.
Sponsored by the college
ISEA, tale‘ coffee talk will deal
with currciit legislation for education All students are invited
to attend.
t
MARCHELLiNc's
gWELCOME YOU IA‘CK FOR it
I" THE NEW
We thank you for
semester and remind yo
your service for parties q
polish
. ipoliilcal lecture‘est‘ill with one or
SCARLET AND BLACK
lAr‘l sea
1lo
due
content
The newly reactivated Ai
league will hold an organize—
signal meeting Tuesday evening
at 6-15 in the privacy dining
room. Club officer will be clcc—
, ltcd at that tune, and the Semcse
her's program will be planned.
Under the Art beatles sponsorship, a coffee hour will be
reserved on Friday, April 14,
featuring element Gi-ecnbci a
New York art crisis Greenbcrg
‘n-ill also give an address on
contemporary painting April 13,
Other possible acrylic for
i“ the semester include trips to they 4
Des movies Art Center. visa ing M l" I
lectures tudcnt exhibitions arc ' SSUeS l
and a bean all: hell- [ The March issue or NOUS dsl
l Reservations for the dinner «1 preparation and students
, ,indicating should be made with again invited to submit articles
(political science) in the w‘Richard service (art) Thci-c for publication in March.
aiualpnltwill be a ice of 25 cents per
i ilpelSOh.
seminar table for group mental
inns. clinical and Visual aid
equipment, including typewritch
tape recorder, movie and colin‘
l '58 persian Film ‘
1 lo Be Shown Here.
Ingmar persian’s lnuvie,l
”drink of Lite” will be shown
tomorrow night alter the game,
and Sunday evening‘ at 9 in
ARH auditorium.
nicholas
The movie, which is sponsor-‘
ed by the historical Social Conn,
mittcc. was produced in 19ml
it is iii Swedish dialogue right
English submitted.
Nous T6 Sell
i
I
l
l
l
. l
y The March issue will contains
lthe birth 1960 Gates Lcctui-e.l
,The theology of History by J.‘
. . .‘v, Langmead Casserlcy, and al
strip or actors and a king-liidel-l 550 href Gets ' lily H. G. Apostle tiifatlieiiiaticsl,l
its occur paper with o inns
iliesedlih Offers
discussion of printable’s science]
I las well as student articles Still‘
of political speeches.
a r e
Kenneth A. christianity (bio-
iii be selected. Contributions,
Hanging on the bus ,Imay be submitted at any times
named comes of the us Con-l idui-ing the semester to the edt-l
selection, the declaration of ln—ilogyl has been invited to join ‘0" “’0" 12‘”- ‘l ‘5 “Pl ““953
dependence and the Bill area faculty team from the Associ-‘Wy, ”‘3‘ ““3 3"“9‘95 ,bed
Rights as well as exchange related colleges ol the Midwest onllengmy- A F93” Pmemam,“
the US. Capitol building, theta spring trip to Latin America 0‘ 50".“ 93mm“ table‘“ ‘5
White Home and the U_ 5.1m explore the Dossmmgs of an the criterion by which articles
supreme Court building. AC.M. held station and other “‘0 com“
Aside from the opportunilieslCfmpel'alwc educational achvi-l Single copies at
for discussion ‘and “browsing 3- lies there. ‘ men are avallab‘e, except the
round" that the marcus i-coin hills christianity has just received list, and may bc obtained fl‘oil
.PmVlde 101' lhleidual students word that printer has been'the business manager for $75,
§and small groups lt will also‘away-did a 324.000 three-year3Tlie current issue is sold sort
|5:}elfffntotgmffﬁfjfsmle‘;,gg‘ﬁfg Era"; (by ”[10 Nati°1311.50§“°e;$.65. Both the December 1.960
, i : our a ion o su or us 35161 _ . g
ltd meetings of.’ the Young Re-‘research on ns‘lé’temauc and and MM“ 195“ 155““ “"11 1"
lpubllcans and Young referrals.‘Evolutionary Studies in .Collemeysold m Mm“ and CW1“
l The Program in Practical ibola." Collemhola are a signals,younger when the March issue
i Political Education, which is {group of promotion wireless in- is released. '
responsible for the idea at the seems, tiny in size, which plays
campus room, originally at lzln important role in soil format;
Grinncll last year under the union,
direction or, r‘ admin Gilmour l christianity would make the:
{political science) and is be— ‘Latin American trip with tours
iiig sponsored this year by mother A.C.M. faculty member‘5#l
Paul Smith biological science), lan anthropologist, a terrorist. at
political scientist and a Spanishl
language te her—and Blair
Stewart, ACM. president. The
byway trip, which is scheduled to runs
37m CongTo .1 H [mm mp to her about March 12 to April
the iowa General Assembly and .9- “'°“"‘ ”“9 ““3 Wm” M MQX‘
the illustration cl an animal ”0 c9“ Kiwi Guatemalal
Colombia and Venezuela.
““7 U St SCHRWIS as heaven-l The A.C.M. s an organization‘
low lo midi rn computational
;official arts colleges which llavci
lh
previous ;
i The group includes among its
plans this year a seminar on
the Iowa State legislature, a
rock session of the
l
l _
i'Verse Drama"
'contained to work together on,
‘significant educational and oi»
‘gtlnizaliunzll problems other
gincinbci-s, besides Grinncll, are
lCoc and Coi‘null‘m ion a, Knox
land plymouth in Illlnoi kai-le.
.
To Be Given
lion and St. Olaf all NIll‘medical
‘O M ‘ ll
i :3
n “I"; ‘2 land Beloit, Lawrence and simon§
“Were You There When Th ‘1" Wlscm‘s'“ l
Crucilicd My Lord?" is trial ‘
floral reading to be pi-counted
at . college church on funds r
March 12 A verse drama, it e.
dresses the direct oi the truck
’ilxlon on seven_,eeuti 1 par
Iipams in the historical biblical
lcrcnt. '
l
let
l
GOOD THTNGS
Hawaii
with You SEND i
, dial ‘
CoNTeMPORaRY ‘
VaLeNTi N 993'
N
DRUG-
winning iiiiii culture-um minor-tom
Friends' Services
Will Begin Sunday
Beginning this
jtllose who wish to worship in .
‘tale silent iiianncr of the
Friends, Quaker Meeting will
be held in the Religious rlct.
,tips room or cleaner hall. Meet-
,inns will be held each Sunday
‘morning from 10:15_(0 11:15.
All interested are invited to die
,valid. For intervention call Emily
lFranck at 250.
l
- l
l Sunday, for l
Tryouts for the alternate
iii-nl reading will be Ilsld Sun—
day at 6:30 in service Chapel
for all interested men. upon—
bored by the Board oi Religion. t~he floral reading ls being
directed by Barbara Hansen and
Keith center.
 
l
l
Previous experience in floral I "“"""“
creating or exceptional dramatic
ability is not a prerequisite,
“We encourage anyone really
interested to try out," said pass
tel‘. “regardless of experience
lOl‘ lack of it.” '
 
 
SALES QIREPAIR 9 RENTAL ‘
at Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
* series
Low cost REPAIR' ON ALL MAKES
* * at *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeagraphing
[GRENNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
SEMESTER *
your pathology the past
u that- we are always: at
nd special events.
 
l
 
Friday. February 3. I96
Four To Head
LAC studies
The Latin American cookie
encc steering committee ll' ai
council the names of per i
who will act as chairnicii for tl
consciousness study group pi-i
gray. ‘
The chairman arc Robc
Myers. economic picture oi Ltin America, Ray norton, point
cal structure and change El
Landau, cultural aspc _; ai
gonna O‘illul, art in Latin Ame
inn.
Each/01 the group; will big
organization next wcck All st
dentsdvho have enrolled in it
study program Will be contact
by a group chairman Studen
who would like to become mm
more oi one of the groups a
invited to contact the icspccti
chair-iran. '
Good Reasons
Why I Prefer
Suniione
DRY CLEANING
 
1 It'sthorollgll. .
ALL dirt, grid and crime
2 It daughters . 1 origi
beauty of colors, patterns all
texture fully restored.
3 It ireshens.
tion is gone .
against damage to any color
fast fébrlc.
trade and ﬁt like new . . ,
for press lists longer.
\
5 It stephen: . . . not even
a which of tell-tale dry cleaning
odor.
Call Us Today!
.CLAlRE S
CLEANERS
809 5th Phone 6-56
 
Iday, February 3, I96I
§winners Will Meet C lit/Ones
Griimell's Pioneers will engage : _
not tony t and plymouth toAI
arrow ii ht at 7-30 in party,
on as they attempt to rise indication or the cosmetics lccc.
The liloneer- are in seventh
record, while
and plymouth are in a
free-way tie with Lawrence
‘or last place, each dining p
since victorian and » get'ea
In their first meeting or, the
-asin tb ee weeks ago, the P107
bumper Knox as to 30 In
at context Jim sorry collect“
22 points; Jim commons, 1
luschcii. 15; and Bob
H to spearhead the at—
SCARLET AND BLACK
" .. PT)
alleged' l.ur Pioneers alongl
itli car Smith, will start ,iorl
riiinoll tonight, Ray fortune
ii webster. George Gray, Ron
insider and»penny Asby also
are to see some action. G a
s list become ali 'bee
her since t instei
iw cncc the year ago. ,
The men to watch [or on the: '
no squad are a pair ofrflaslly'_ ,
Dannie Littell and still
)Wan, both ave aging around‘
points a game.
plymouth detected Grimlell
a close contest 88 to is earlier
' In that game claire
the center ice's lead.
hlLv nine
tree throws {orwtl points. He
the scott’ big gun. ,
group in motor skills, has scientific developing
‘about antique and pain and can lose fear of modify full-m
l- . . E)
“(APPICPI
(OSRAOP)
' , (iii.;,FP)~"=
‘, H) W (5MP) m (OIF) i
EQUALS (AE
Grinnell college swimming coach Irv Simone explains his formula for swimming success
:to his team. Interpreted, the formula says that ii a sticker in the upper 25 per cent of his age
t circular strength and insurance, application or psychological principles in a modern condo filing nrogr in, proper diet and/or diet supplement, optimum stroke rhythm and knowledgcace, ability to do positive thinking, and insight
id other indicating factors, the swim
assets another then has the available energy potential for stroke effort. This skills success in the term oil
Page Seven
I I ~Sc9lilo‘PIay
Saturday Hero Iomorr w ’
crime-11’s swimming trains
delivered by the return ol Bill
german and Mike Goiigh, stE’ps
into big time competition to
' mon-row craig a!‘ 7:30 when
, it enterprise Iowa State unit
variety ot the‘big Eight cons
reference.
.; Although the meet is being
.1held at the same time as the
‘plymouth basketball game,
. Coach Irv Simone is hoping for
Ea good turning. He_ said the
- worth-
to see without a doubt
;,the best swim meet ever held
( at Gl‘lonely."
I Another death ot the meet
will be exhibition swimming by
outstanding freshmen. The
treshmen, who have several pcrr
workers turning in better time ,
than the'variety, will be shorts
ing to establish new Grinnell
records in their events.
In their final action before
the semester break Grinnell
itraveled to Northtield, Minn, to
sheet area— val, Carleton and
ﬁst. flat on suites. ve days. The
iPioneei-s probably lost billy the
‘Duek, the_ Conference trophy
awarded each year to the swim-
)l-line team which compiled the
best regular season record, when
.hey lost to Carleton on grid
G innell has captured billy
put. oi" the last seven years
(SD/h
ps. AF 5F.)
EQUALS
success
,(IWFP~PS)‘
K
 
 
However, plymouth boards ‘
Illr of the (0]) II] showers in
10’ conference: McKubertS;
hills monster, seventh: Jerry ‘
{immediate potential for the psycho-physical sell.
Icll, rights; and Carl volt, ,
nth. " l
ﬁattempt omit . {Mark
baptist the scott commons col-I
ammo
l U | I .‘V U
way. ll; and Groteluseheii, It),
561‘ is operating 199 points
i- game and ranks third in
who scoring. ' i
"MIDW ST CONFERENCE
. TANDINGS
W
O
 
 
flying Trip To Denver Being Pianlied
With some thin account/i — cmblclllsgdenotmg various levels
ed, some things reduced and at skill.
some things still In the olannm element people m. the spray
Stage ”‘9 GWEN” ””9?“ 5‘ canon ll’ips now being done
law f°¥’v“e“°"‘“°““‘ OPPO‘L‘W“ on Monday nights from 9 to to.
‘5 "‘0an along at 3 P85“ pace”No one will be allowance go on
The latest development in (ho‘aily‘value trip until he has been
program i. directed by irc Simone cleared in one or these sessions.
, 3 (physical cducationall, is an
« ‘el lit-day ski tri to the Denvm‘,‘ . , ,, , . _
GAMES TONIGHT ‘calm area during spring \‘act- :F‘k‘zb‘ “EH 3“;y_. “f‘ml'm‘m
{lion .t Grinnell .ﬁcn The mp word be (m. m join c an physics etucar
1°“‘““““‘ 1‘ C“ lpei-icnced ski s only and would‘ “on credit is given to men par-
“ C‘m‘e“ lput those going within a 3Drlllt‘listing. Anyone interested in
u TOMORROW 'milf radius 01‘ time diet'erciit playing hockey mph,“ 0,. phase,
“mm" ' “I eau“ “(mg “935 cal education credit should cons
Those interested in such a trip my Tm), pressing
ishbuld contact Simone immediiatcly, because there are many
Cornell
Carleton
St. Olaf
In
Gl'lnllell
Knox
plymouth
Lawrence
mnmmutsnwww r‘
Tilt ICI- hockey club IS now
The meet was close, but print
well could not quite match
Carleton's overall strength Simone said the team "had no in"
case for the loss, but Carleton
will her from' us again at Corr
defence time.”
Gl‘lonely
Trash Rolindballers
Will Engage scott
1 Griuncll‘s ircshman basketball
-team will attempt to increase
its record to 271 as it plays has
to plymouth tomorrow after
.nova in party gym, It at
have its hands in” as Mon»
mouth is I‘epa‘butt to have it
;best fresh squad in In years
i
came back strong
after the Carleton loss and
shipped St. flat, ~using time
records in the proc Four of
the records established centered
current conference standards.
f_Thc Etoneers sFqugrcq ”1‘63 location en the part‘ or some
1 Set at}: last I'l ﬂy A: 118V _ c (a
boxed to a medicare Ccat ”3m”, {m the ups“
rss early in the game of ace
college team 70 to 68 Gl‘lol‘tell.
started $10 I)’. and with roll Cboundel' John russell on here
rural ahead by 16 mm , beach‘local souls added to the profiles.
Dick Young pulled hi h t‘ a, was disappointed in the
team and inserted a unit non I ._ _. a T h ,_ 1_ ,
listing ot John Moore, Mike Fox. imam ’ S"°“’"h' “E Q” we
Rmhard Wedeme m. J o h n to learn there is more to basket
written and Ton, Sc roer. sea ball than Just shooting." Young
M Grifﬁn's shooting the tier said. He added that the fact.
years closed the cap and led by that ireshman games are intretwo. However, they were unable: ., . .
to hold me margin. and Cam“! quote makes it dliflcultvfm the
proved ahead [0 Wm team to be at a high pitch for
, . each one
Ymmg “‘0“. 90°" “cmmmmm Tomorrow's game will start at
and lack ot desire and peter. 4 pm
i
 
{things yet to be worked out. It’
is assured, however. that the,»
cost [or the trip would be very
Ireasonable. There will be a
’mcetilig for all those interested
'principal's variety wrestlin at 3. Sunday night in the PIOiad will head north for a section room of gui-line library
at with the Carleton girls tu-l
a-rIeI'on To Ho's’r
rInneIl press‘less
Sailing and handling classics
now being held S ng‘
meet from l2 to l one
afternoon and canon-i,
'Inp; at the same time on Wed-1
needs a. The purpose of {howmisses a to make it possible for
‘1)apple to receive ceo-tilitntcs undo
Jim; sorry.
lemon satiad has turned “'0
, victory over St Olafpi‘las
inc team which won 21720 Monday
the Piano s here Jan 7.
' iicll. with three dual meets
them, will be seeking
st team win of the god
Manager
liable Hull
Laundry \ ~-
 
it ANNOUNCING .~
BEGINNING FEBRUARY 4,
PAUL COOL WILL BE
SERVING YOU AT -——- — .—
STANFORDiS
.BARBER SHOP .
Maya Sfunfor-d, drop.
COMPLETE
. c *
.o.
l
I
l
g
'04 5fh Ave,
 
NO USE MAKING A TRIP DOWNTOWN
WASH 20:: r- COMPLETELY DRY 10c
- s.-
ALL NEW EQUIPMENT *
 
 
 
Page Eight
CEYLON
font. front ii. 2 . l
lot the government to taken
over, in addition to the manage.
inc-ht= the ot\'ne"hip and would.
inns of those schools. There will,
be no *compensation. This is a.
step toward the horrible real
inoval oi the catholic pal'ends.t
and, consequently, a step toward
violence. ‘
The sclmal problem is not
i ing nil the lime-light away
from another more spot in Ceylon. This is the language
problem, The first or this year
English closed to be the ot—
tieiai language ot the state,
and Siiihala (Sinhalese) their
its place. '
There are two language court
amenities in Ceylon, the family‘
(minority group) and-the will-‘
haiesc (majority group). Under
British into, English became,-
really ‘enough, the inediuinlor '58, ‘The pathology say it is, cm
in which all official blislllcss
was conducted. ,Aiiyone aspi
'ing to trorlt in. the governmentwent to an English—medium:
lctlsc the columnists o; caused
work day) in the northern find}
wear severe roots between the
family and Sinhalese. This year
in protest to the act. the Federal
party called for a 1. (none
eastern provinces, Tamil-lemon,
“Ed “035' This “3““- CE“""°d;i(WCA cabinethaveiustreeeived has been appointed commentary
out on January 2, was peaceful
enough. ,
The government has taken
some pain: Io appears the Tn- l
milf The Ofﬁdial Language y
Act provides for a reasonable
use or Tamil in the North and l
East and in most areas or otti— ,
cialdoin. The area or the law t
courts, however, is conspicuously left out This couldibe a l
source or turtiicr serious dis- i
content among the family ‘
what is the real driving forces
in back of all these colleges?‘
‘sphere are tries of “communist"; duties 01 c
in lnzl‘ny corners. There are boilli
Tamilsand Sinhalese who ac»
the severe violence at the riotscommunists iii the government‘,
who have brought about the cons‘
prot ot schools, When any vice
lunch breaks out
i anal‘ii
SCARLET AND BLACK
oakland Boy iCoopetAppoinled i
Io Gel side ,laden Commander ‘i
The Board of Religion and the‘ janet MajoLMal'bus F. house)“
notice that the money they de-‘ot the 255th Air Force ROTC
situated for the care and trails‘janet equation at Grinnell for
ng vi a child abroad is to belize second semester.
used for a boy room oakland.‘ Cooper, a senior, h
Olli sentences. several awards for his ROTC
_ _ _ .achicvclllel‘ns including the Gold
130’“ °f SCW‘LJPP pmcnlsittiile award for marksmanship,
who are pl‘greatly in n tuliereu-ithe Comm“. award and the Duh
louis sanitarium, Olli now lives
at the Rllllla Childreiis Home in
Finland. He is ten years
old and extends the third grade STUD \iT COUNCIL
standing Air Science ll Cadeti
‘away‘d, i
.at a public school near the open,“ Wm H 1 i
package Like all the other cells»i
drew at the home, he enjoys ski-the Union message
ing and i'asking and has regular The promo “mid email i
anime firewall and: young inen and women to go i
dmng farm chorus i overseas to work as technical l
_ .n. g - 1 advisors in underdeveloped i
.The Board oi Religion and the. multi ‘
Y Cabinet became iiitei ed int , _ .
‘adoptiiigl' 'l child after i ratings powell sugar, chairman of:
letter turn published by the llc committee .0“ leadership,
"“1 Children's Fund, Inc: continuity, discussed the mac l
through this organizationﬁinns that his committee is plans
received one's nameliiing to have 'l'next Friday andy
year the too Saturday. g. These meetings are“
designed to aid- those people ins
and
they
Throughout the
Gi'innell groups will be sending
as received l
Friday, February 3, lqbl
Cdllee Hour
Series Begins
Sunday high’r
The set-end semester series of
eotlee hours will open this Stillday evening with a point meeting of the editorial and Episcopul student groups. The meeting. to he held in counter
lounge at 7 p.m., will feature a
panel discussion “Revelation and
Reason Discussion in perspective
Members oi the panel will in.
crude Mike portion. Bill peterson
and Reverend william ot' the
principal group, and Anne criterion, Dick collins, and Mrs.
Harold Fletcher from the Unilan
ian organization The panel members will present the articles oi
hair faiths with a View towiird
roniparison. Reverend william is
resident minister oi the Err-coral
church in Newton. 'and vital ot
st. Paul's in Crinneti,
school. However, the family non-t ill’tlTé island,‘
signed to dear Tamil and chaithere is a wide range. of peoJ
money, clothing and other access
my items to Olli, in ad‘union to
tel‘asked in applying for post—
tions In student organizations
Sinhalzl, Sinhalese,
After independence, the n
tionalistic (el'for created aging—
tion to rid the country or this
*“foreign” language, English, and
to use the native majority tongue.
The family did not mind learn-i
pics who point an focusing finger‘.at Cotillmlnism.
It is difficult to know shepherd
the government is motivated by3
a-devil‘e to raise the standard of}
living or the people, or it all the,
m: a language- [OWEN ‘0 bathinationatistic changes are l'early‘
groups. but there was strong oh—i
section to learning a language:
which was the native tongue oi
in lists the official Language,
due do to a small Core oi Comrl
artists who are waiting for the‘
the majority group on the island. country
to become so chronic
that they can easily step in cnet‘qr‘mesh1 “open smdc
Act was passed introducing six- i take over. As one would expert-i
license us the official language ithe situation is most probably
(This act was not to he effective,not a black or white, but gray,‘
until 1961). Two years later there and at the moment) rather grid,
. person
and, more generally, any pop»
son who is interested in Stu-i
welcome to donate ton and 0 is sent government at Grinnoli. i
care. His address and other ne~‘ Towns the em of the meet.
message information can be oh. ing, a mm“ was made thats
named train Phyllis Jones, Ymm smdemlcOumu in,“ ,th
President: emotional student association:
‘i-however, voting on the motion‘
AWSB Meets
lWaS contained until Wednes_ Fday, Feb 15, so that the National
At the AWS board meeting at oil-and committee, which leads
Monday afternoon, plans \l'are‘previously made a report giving;
made to set up a committee of re *ups why Grinneil should note
_ to join NSA. could study a reports
study the situation ot the sen. made by Eek," camping (he)
for women at Grinneli. This work of the Association,” seat
committee will he an investment— it their questions were answer—i
ing committee only. 'ed. ‘
corresponding with hint. Ally
or‘ group interesting
t
i LETTERS
front, train or 2
people, and they started interaction on a healthy basis
What finally ”happened is that
'the evil hairy became a good
hairy hurt in, her army boots
disappeared and in their place
was a nice new pair of pumps.
The girls moved back to their
own room, and everybody who
was anybody lived happens ever
other. ~ I
Joe Many
Grinnellian
(Detuuct)
selection
 
ave
, You
4 Your .1961 Cyco
nghl ,4
tie? ‘
Final sales campaigntwill be Takingplctce this week. Feb. 9 'l'o Feb. 14. Com
had yourself salesman ot- come +0 Ht'e cycling ofﬁce. second floor of ﬁle
S'l'eden‘l' Union. 3 - 4 P. M. every day.
, .Blll.
HALAMA
to latest; manager-
 
 
 
 
