Christmas Comes To Iowa In September
Grinnell Rece’los $2 Million Grant From Ford
Members of the board of
by :im Hatfield
The $64 question plaguingl
nearly everyone concerned Witl‘l‘
$2 million — the amount of a
grant to be given to Grinnell
by the Ford Foundation.
_The purposes {91‘ which allen
funds may he used are not re.
strictly, but the grant is made,
on the condition that Grinnell
secure gifts of at least $4 inn l
, lion from other sources by line'
30, 1964. l
Grinnelltis one of eight pro-i
date footwear colleges in the.
US. to receive similar granted
' aimed at accelerating their ﬂget
Trustees heart an officer press conference in Des points Friday
to go over details of the $2,000,000 Ford Foundation built p for to release of the story. Board members shown here during the session are, from the left: admin L. Fox, chairman of the board, Des
points; Howard K. women, president of the college and member of the board ex oiiicio: and Joseph
E Rosenfield, Des roll-list Not pictures but at the meeting was Charles II, Whitmore, inventory,
” Giviuncll .
gcorlizt‘ 111111
VOL. LXVIll Grinnell College. Grinnell, Iowa, Friday, September 29, |96|
————
Men's Open forms
Set For Saturday,
“While the quad goes to Broads
way . . . north campus watches
TV" in the annual north campus
open house tomorrow night
which will be held from ‘o
to 11:30. There will be indiana—
url lounge parties alter the open
house until hours.
Each hall will serve refresh—
meets in its ratings during the
evening; entertainment will also
be presented,
The themes of the eleven men's
cells are as follows: South counter, “Playboy Penthottse;" North
counter. “Channel 2;" Smith,
“December‘Bridei' manuals, “The
Old West;" watson. “The Dick
Clark Show” Gates, “Naked
City:” Clark, “Disneyland";
Cowlcs, “Twilight Zone;" East
, morris, ”Studio tENBC-TV);"
‘ and West morris. “hearing TwentieS;" liable's plans are undertake.
VApplic’athens Open
For 8&8 Editor
Applications for the positions
of editor and business manager
of the charles and'Black opened
today and Will close next Fi-iday, Oct. 6.
Any student who will he at
Grinnell for the next three Sen
theaters mayapply, Written applications should be turned in
at the 3&3 faculty box, 125.
Those persons who apply will
be asked'-to appear before the
Board of Publications to answer
any questions concerning their
applications, ‘
Applicants should include in
their letters i-ciercncc to their
experience and quiltﬁnations
They should also brieﬂy outline any changes‘they would
like to make in the S&B.
Orchesis choices
Six New Members
The new members of Orchesis,
selected Tuesday, Spetenibcr 23,
are julie Smith. betty api-ague.
ridge McKinley, lucky Ratcliff,
Ray Wieniers and Kathy Friend
Oldest College Newspaper
West at the Mississippi River ,
and
No. 3
Lewis ‘vs. washington
Extremists 'Diin/(e 'title/e "lined
by Pat super ‘ -,
equipment to wholly new levels,
or educational quality anal h-l
special support.
other schools receiving mini—
ilnr awards include Carleton, imam
touched College, baltimore,l
Md., l-lofstia College,‘ temp—
steam, N.Y,, Reed College;
portland, are, Swarthmore
College, Swarthmore, P3,, Was
base College, Craiviordsville,
hull, and Wellesley College, ‘
Wellcslcy. Mass, «
predicted only as "an cn—i
nounceincnt of unusual interests
to Grinnell College” to have
He also pointed out that Grillncll has undertaken to accept a
dual challenge offered by the
Foundation: to deliver supreme—
denied accomplishments been in
fund-raising and in educational
leadership.
In another statement, made
public Sunday, women said,
“The trustees of the college
and I are deeply grateful to
the Ford Foundation not only
for the grant, but 31% our the
conﬁdance in Grinnell‘s lotus-c
which it signsﬁes,
”Three years is a very short
time in which to raise $4 million, but we are determined to
succeed,
“We also know that a time
increase in ﬁspecial re.
sources, such as this grant and
hello matching gifts represent.
does not automatically improve
education. Our best eﬁor will
be required in productivity
transforming this new money
into the intellectual and spin—
equal development of our students."
Other details concerning the
‘awful'd were restricted in the
, three years." i
been made at a special congo- metal“ “91d M‘mdiy mm‘
nation Monday, the secret was:mg 3‘ .11, ‘0 "“057“? the
revealed ofﬁreally Saturday we" Foundations award During the
Mug by poolside“t Howard K hour-long program, President
women in a delivered press can— BOW“ ”placed 1° .096 59‘“
Mama cents, faculty, administration
Several DES Moms 5, ~n5‘and college employees asset—
carried the conference in iii “Ed h°w “‘5 Wm came ‘0 be
‘women appeared with admin 1. Present“ and how ”‘5 “mas
Fox, 139, chairman of the Banishw’u be spent- .
‘ot’Trustees, trustee Charles lit 59 SP0“ f°n.°“”“g messages
Wliitinore, ’35, and board meinldemere“l .by B‘“ “313““ ‘62,
her ex-oﬂicio Joseph F. RosanSG‘,‘ ”95‘de Gram 0» sales
ﬁend, 125, ,christian of the faculty and
In 'has statement, pain saiditrustee Whitmore. Stewart R.
the ﬁspecial over will l-niakeiKiTkPakai ’15, 52m“ member
possible a marked accelerationi".f ”‘9 3°?” °f “Usms- F”of our planning tune—table. Ednrlmde‘lﬁ Whllmm‘ev stressmg the
national improvements scheduling FECESSJ‘Y for a “center of lean"
mp ﬁvg m. 10 years Mm “being shared to the problems of
will become possible in two or 3 thing”)? “’“rldl “W 31m“
‘ in revolution rather the eve<
7 , , e i action," pleased full,trusts sun.
‘port in raising the calculated
:34 million.
women called the award “aniother major recognition of Grin—
shell from a highly competent
 
. , . . . iy of the two minor ”Ir-ties
Grinnells visiting s one l . . .3 . 1
of the [we political bang]: while existing their influence
l on them agreed on one thing: the ex-i , . , _ .
“games in America“ He said the societies party did
critics‘ . .
should attack increased influenced-“9t 9°”5’d.“ ”53” a “V31 ‘0
iii the two major parties. “m” ma)“ 1’3”" “P the "E“
. lotus'ye Today the societies party
Michael washington, editor out can alert more Inﬂhence by
the societies {New America", operating more as a pressure
and button Lewis, ill, a leader‘l group than it can by running
‘5 C u 1‘ C a.“ Resemphasizing the
l Tower and suggested that a lib-awards of Kirkpatrick, he cited
oral such as Senator Willialnlthe “team eﬁget“.put forth by
Fullbright would be the Demo-ithe entire college as playing an
gratis candidate. iimportant part in Gtinneil’s
Lewis said the Young Amer- living selected for the award.
icons for Freedom can help According to women, Grinmake more clear-cut the issues 1 hell may receive anothu'subdivision conversations and lib- ‘- ilai- grant in 1994 and anothcrals. . or at the end of the succeed-
of the Young Americans lord
Freedom, a conservative group:
were at Grinnell to debate last:
night the question: “Should click
House Ul‘l-A'h'lerlcnl‘l Activitiesl
,Cominittce Be published?” ‘
”We would like to see'a broad l
party of liberalism and one of
conservation in this county-y,"l
Michael washington said in' an:
interview, - l
He indicated that the way
to make the issues more clear
cut between the two parties l
was for “extreme" groups such i
as his to operate independence l
Senate defects 'M
by Star: lteportci;
The.Student Senate, in
Wednesday night meeting,
presidential candidates, which
was the best strategy in eat-lici
times. -
“N we had run a candidate in
the last Presidential election," he
said, “it ‘would have led to the
defeat of Kennedy.” l
Lewis said the need for a moral
distinct division between that’
top parties was indicated by that
NixonsKennedy “caucuses" thats'
were called rebates.
Lewis thinks neither simon
nor Kennedy w ll be their pal'r
ties' presidential Candidates ill
=, 1964. He pi-cdiclcd a republicans‘
ticket of Senator Barry baptist
watch‘ and Representative John
onion Onlegality 0i Meetings .
Lewis told this reporter “the’
strength of conversations on coin
legs computer is now relatively
weak. but will be one par with
liberal students within four
years" He said he believed there
were many conservative college
students who were not stating
their position because they “were
just beginning to understand it.
“These conservative students
are tired ot communist, high
taxes and many other factors
that have developed in recent
years, belt they are just begins
nine to articulate their )‘expense
to these things they know they
do not like,"
 
illeld were unconstitutional and held this summer in Madison“
its should be} declared so by the Wise. Each of them explainedlevening on Friday, Oct. 6. saturday lCoul't, However. he asked the how and why he had voted on
heated a motion which would senators, ill View of the law‘ge‘six major issues, among which
have referred a constitutional
question to the High Court for
certification.
The motion, which was submitted by Gates Hall alternate
Paul Samuel, referred the Sen-l
ate to that part of theconstituﬂ
lion which says, “Tile rcprcscn
entries of the women’s residence:
calls shall be elected on the:
list Monday in October." bank‘
url noted that the women strip
along had already been elected
amount or work which had been
dealt with by the Senate in the
two meetings, to find some
easier way to deal with the
situation. Hendci-shot suggested,
a constitutional amendment.
Upon being questioned later,
Snmiicl said that he would
submit n petition to the High
Court challenging the equality
or the Senate meetings. -‘
Earlier in the meeting the Sen-‘
ate had listings to a number of
was a proposal to change the
working of the preamble of the
NSA constitution and a resolution on Cuba.
Reports were also made by
Evans as chairman of the’Na-
initial Affairs committee, and byiw,” b
Craig Henderson. chairman of
the International client and
Foreign Students committee.
Two options were passed by
the Senate, One was “that the
Senate rise as a committee of
i ing three—year period,
The President explained that
Form GRANT
font. p, 5, col. 1
Honor G wanted
Queen Choices '
Candidates for Homecoming
Queen were announced Wednesday by Paul porno, president at
Men's Honor G. ‘They are Diane
.Dicrks, Pain Draeinel, Sharon
‘Hasckamp, bobby Mahnke,
Sharon Miller, Gretchen Osterhot
and principle White. These girls
were nominated by the Honor G
and will be voted on next week
by all men students
Homecoming destination
begin with a per rally in the
t
day morning the men’s Honor G
will hold an informal coffee
hour lodging of Homecoming
generations will also take place
at that time,
Saturday afternoon Grinnell
will compete with Lawrence in
cloth cross country and in football. The Homecoming queen
e announced at the maritime of the football game, and
l Fred H. Luther, '39, president oi
the Alumni Association will
i award the graphics to the winners
at the hall generations contest.
The annual Homecoming dance
 
will ~
 
and two Senate meetings hcltl,;l'F1101‘tS and taken actions on me-
thus directly violation the con- lions
selection, , Bill llalaina, Hendcrshot and
Senate speaker Cum sends.‘lDaVeP‘fans-l‘eportod on sorted of
shot, speaking in explanation, the ”101‘ issues that they e"-
solid that he recognized that the “l““m'e‘l‘ “5 delléages ‘0 the
two senate meetings 'till-easy National Student Association
the whole and recommend to the will be held in party Gym from
'election board that'lt extend the 9 to l ' on Saturday evening.
(late of the Class elections and .Music will be by the Ralph cal‘no
1l\ﬂt the names of the Candidates orchestra from Des points] The
be published." This motion was theme is “bacterial Delightv
STUDENT SENATE JTickCts are $17.. Alumni and
font. p. 4, Col. 4 guests will be admitted free.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. september 29. l9b|
 
 
ﬁnudist due Elihu
Grinnell. Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE
a weekly nnwallmmr published each
l'itlr by the Gtuiucll Committee on ‘llltlellr. Publl
Allillell' Brown,
xml nut atsutc
' D usou l\ Entctml as
the r own, under
, low. Subscription rate 31.50 per school
. l5
trim! Etlilms
l‘estate Editors
want input
is Head son
or us Connolly
g Cﬁacer
billion
.you susan
(telltale But-l.
non 'ruruot
Milt-ll Icituo
.ludv
serum F. roberts,
Gruencu-and. c
. she 1"o\.
. li'utc
[roll Bl.all.l,_/el
animal“ 'tg l\
' dduae' real
. Judy Hand
Some Answers . . . .
I have been asked to comment on the college’s admission
policy, especially with regard to two questions: Why was there a
significant debt e in the proportion oi new students from the
Atlantic states e.. from-24 per cent oi the new men and 18 per
cent oi the new women in the tall oi 1960, to 11 per cent and ti
per cent respectively, in the call oi 1961?
Il admissions po ice looks to a wide geographical distribution
oi students. why is the proportion oi new students from Iowa
about 25 per cent, and the proportion from the Iowarlllinois area
about so per cent?
The basic fact regarding applications from the Atlantic states
is this: the proportion ot' Atlantic states applicants representing the
“cream oi the crop" oi that section, in scholastic ability and in
talent, has been low relative to the productions oi similar apply—
i-arts from Iowa, Illinois and continuous states.
This'is not to say that we tail to get numerous applicants
r, his the high range oi ability and talent from the Atlantic
states; but the proportion oi such applicants, measured against the
total oi all applicants from that eastern area, has been relatively
low.
Ii we are to remedy this diversity, we must travel a substantially higher share oi the “cream oi the crop" oi Eastern secondary schools. We can become more widely known as worthy
ci a substantially higher share, provided that our admissions
policy indicates what we seek. Temporarily, until our standards
and requirements are widely understood, the proportion oi new
students from the Atlantic states will likely be lower than we
hope/for in the long run.
why are the productions oi new students from Iowa and from
the Iowa-Illinois area so high" The explanation largely is that
the college has long lived in t l area and his continually attempted applicants at high scholastic ability.and talent from this area.
The high productions oi Iowa and Iowa—Illinois students grow
cut ol the relatively high volume oi applications interest in the
college's history, location and reputation.
In addition, the college must maintain and candidate its ties
with the communities from which it derived its principal material
support and its historic good will. For that reason, among others,
we strike to encourage this high volume oi superior applications.
Over the years, moreover, the students from Iowa, Illinois
cut continuous states have proved themselves as capable as .those
from elsewhere in contributing significantly to the statute ot the
college and its controversial character,
I should like to put my answers to the two questions in the
 
context of additional facts. First, whether we consider. geographical‘
distribution oi new students or other characteristics, productions
(percentages) are often subject to much accidental variation from
year to year.
For example. the proportion oi new men from Iowa was Is
per cent, and the proportion oi new women from Iowa was lb
per cent. in the tail of 1961). Second, a desirable wide variety oi
characteristics in the student body depends on numerous factors,
at which geographical distribution is one. These include district.
tions oi family income positions, ads ct community (urban,
suburban, recall, parental occupations, academic interests and
achievement, extracurricular interests and participation, occllpih
signal interests and social interests,
Third, in terms oi these numerous factors; we have achieved
wide variety oi characteristics in the accident body, and we
1‘ ve accomplished this consistently with a substantial impl‘n\'er.\
ment of scholastic ability and talent in the student body.
James H. Sinuss
James H. Stimss
Dean of the College
.1 . . . And Some other Answers
Dean Stiltlss' statement collcerllll :ltllni signs policy
marks an important step in the gives salmon of the admissions question. It appears to tvs that certain qualities, opportunity though they may seem, have to be accepted in
the policy, at least until someone comes up with a very
specific, and possibly better plan.
The question which seems fundamental to the problem, i
”Are .the eastern schools in general-sending us tl lower
carrier student than Grinnell expects?" will be investigated‘
along with affiliate questions by the admissions committee
of the SGA. What does come out of this initial statement
by the administration are some symptoms of confusion be-
between those wllo make the policies and those wllo execute
let.
We must be aware of the very difficult job the ads,
missions office has; however, we should not have to expect
ithat percentages will differ as much its five per cent be-:
green the proposed geographical breakdown and its final
results. If an attempt was made to return the Iowa percentage to its expected high anti components for the former
low by turning down second-rate applicants from the East,
this may at least at this junction appear reasonable.
What should not be overlooked. lion-eve . is the every
compensation in the execution of the policy all efforts
should be made, and, we believe, now are being made, to
components, as it were, for the over-compensation.
Unsigned Editorials reflect the opinions of the Editor and are
not necessarily those of Glinnell College.
Ofelferd
all Note: We'd like to get 0” ,
the merry-go-ronald, but this i
one we coupon't resist .
To the Editor
Each year when autumn comes‘gained the growing Colnnllmisl,‘
to Grinnell, the untrpl-eppmg‘
more raises has head and emails;
Huvuig done so for several‘ year
runs, I become ll'l‘stable and dis
root-aged, take to writing letters
to editors and almost lose sight
of the solid reason [or arising
against such ioollshncss.
We lcnow these almost by
heart: the anatomy which prev»
ping suggests between the calls
and Greek—letter tratcrnites is
discussed and displaying; the
,psychology upon which it is
caused ~ that young lncu can
lsomehow be made more agreeluble by subjective thcln
,program oi humiliationris false;
‘even wrapping governor by
parties about “orientation" allows
a more or less free hand to upper'class replies and other troubled souls. And so on. 1
Everybody has heard the l
arguments. The only new is- ,
sue, perhaps, is “voluntary
'participation," but I doubt that
anybody with any sense of ;
group treasures in a society is
looked by that. ,
, But I ﬁnd lnyscli reaching
lawﬂinst wrapping less and less for‘
such high-linked reasons, anal
more and more for spanish red-l
sons I worry not only becausel
the sound tall or the beanie de-‘
l grades the freshman, but also be»
cause it cmbarrasses me. Word
gets out; PEDple in the outside weapons in a way if war comedy
would hear about these things,
and wrapping is, among other
things, simply horny, like the
squirrel tail on the radiator cap
and “Oh you kid" painted by
.the bubble seat ot the register.
Such jiggerypogery has come
to seem as badly archive as judy
called singing “Collegiate, col—
luggage, yes we are collective.
ray, ray." obsolencencc began to
‘occur, I. would guess, at some
time after the disappearance ot
the Stutz Bear Cat and the Clara
Bow post and before the advert
oi goldﬁsh—eating contests and
the Big Apple. Twenty-three
skidoo, you Big Brother types:l
‘you’re embarrassments. ‘
l
l
Charles cleaner
Fiflll Year Abroad—Perl |---
To the Editor
I am approved by the shopping
lack oi courage and clear think—
ing by the majority oi the Grlnnell student body on the quad
tion oi United states policy as
empire. ,
Russia has dedicated many
nuclear boobs which have tel»
formerly followed the atmosphere.
Our testing has been underground. Underground nuclear
plants do not certificate the
air with interactive balloon. Apr
parental we test we must :lpolOr
size for anything that assembled
good sense in our national be.
having.
The columnists have much
power in the not-duration oi
to a United Nations policy now midi
think they will be able to dom»
ﬁname it rather soon. Let us not
put all our eggs in one basic
0dr nation's negotiations are ‘
too corresponding, and they
seem to have no force behind
; them, The columnists are out
i for total victory, We are 1054
ing ground, literally, at an
1 extremely rapid rate. This is
. not the way to preserve our
nation. We must become more
aggressive in world trade.
world politics and the world
military.
We must not she away from
the thought oi using nuclear
This is the only way we can
win: Even in this type at milf
italy strength tale‘balance oi
power is shipping away from us.
I would rather die lighting for
a cause in which I believed it
I knew my country would tight
l
‘ 195’
mi
counts
unit“
by John Ward
As there are wars and rumors
of wars, so are there bomb
‘theaters and rumors thereof.
lFor wc stand on the threshold
‘oi a new atomic era, promising
‘ -, light for all the
nations ot the
. world, phones
l , . mg, equality to
i all men, and the
» just
‘ peace
It might be
, added that the
; ' light will be a
‘ . 1, sort, blue glow
‘ coming from
. Ward the rocks_and
drivers and trees, all men will be
prepared equal, and the ﬁrss
lasting peace will be eternal.
So brothers, let us dig, We
,must stock a good supply, we
trust stock definition for the
machine guns to keep those
,neighbors out. Don’t. target to
conclude in your supplies a bath
story powered radio so that you
‘can listen to Conelrad. They
well feature Happy Dan the
lD'llc hockey (the Dad—ls oi the
;had»‘ro) trying to explain why
‘all oi Chicago must be evacll»
oecd in the next seven minutes.
And in order to be really
sale include a copy oi the
‘ King James Bible, the Latin
l luggage version, the florists
‘ woman and the/Boy Scout
, Handbook.
Perhaps, in the interim, it
,would be wise ii you could
‘taste a correspondence course in
farming and survival technique,
tbecause the gateway stores
would have to Close:
'HOWEVER . l .
We must great world pensions
lasting
to the finish than ii there were! ,m _1 R n H l d
_ wr admin. may,legal
the” post‘films DE ”he“ andreas an element oi the delicious.
suspended involved. It would al-‘For instance the SGA has a ,
so displayed me it I were killed pointed a committee to index —
or put into players by a Conﬁgate the possibility oi bit-ll de-
nudist occupation force. There‘sense °“ “a“‘bus- 1 EXP?“ a
,, . ,, lI'epol‘t on whether the triangle
can be no nice war.
LSludent body will ﬁt in the
there are our gets? 35AM“ 0F STONES
Ralph gray point. p. 4, Col. 2
College Similar To Glillllﬁii ls Founﬂlnjndla
l by Cora Lee Everett ‘l
Ahmednagar College has a»
every similar atmosphere to that,
oi Grmnelll The town is small.
located 75 miles from the city
low gonna Students represent alll
classes, classes and religions
‘ Christianity is considered a
lcastc, and has high status in the
findlaw society. The grammar is
ranked first, followed by the
christian People from various,
flow master are attending classes
with those from higher master. t
‘inc Mohammedan fathers
lbs‘ought his daughter failed in;
the traditional Moslcm “burn:
Many of these people still proc.
like lIIls Custom lhal has bacon“
operated only in the lost ieiu:
years. His family assisted that
the girl wear the neil to her col-l
large classes
The Dean oi Women said it l
would be impossible for her to
do chemistry and physics lab
experiments through the visit 1
pt her black head piece. It was ‘
decided that the girl would
take her neil oil on her arri. .
vat every day at college. The
family was also concerned with
her mixing too freely with
members oi the opposite sex.
The majority oi students call
not nl[ol*d to pay for I'Eglslla"
lion. some cannon buy Clothes lO‘
clear to classes and many attend,
‘classes without the proper text
book. I saw the home oi one such
student, a strap but on the outskirts ot town. The girl's rather
l is a tuberculosis case :the motherlworks about family at odd jobs
dictionaries have paid for the
girl's high school and college
.following. her clothes' and her
‘good The college was founded
lwlth the policy ol upliitmg the
l
- night and
poor.
Repeatedly it has been alpha
sized that Ahmednagar is a men's
school to which ladies are ads
nutten. Girls participate m The
activities oi the men students
when they have the courage to
do so. Recently. however, the co.
educational directory tournaments were ruled out,
The girls are no longer allow '
ed to attend the populo
“zealand” or musician that the
boys put on, and the one—time
weekly meetings at the Iiiwalc
residence have not taken put J
for over a year.
At present we are struggling
to organize activities for the
girls that will give them some
recognition in the college as
well as develop some oi their
parents
A head girl, or protect. oi the
hostel checks girls in at 7 each
turns out lights at
1030.
Each month two girls are re.
sponsored for going to the bazaar
to buy a month“: supply oi wheat
for "companies." a tried bread,
and miller for “barbara.” Thc
same gn-ls buy the fresh vege
tables and lotus at the market
The warning meal consists o
tea and “companies.” At noon
there is a rental sauce, rice
vegetable, fruit ant “chupulle.”
Tea is served in the alter»
noon, and a vegetable and
another flat bread. "basic- ri " 0r
Sunday and on birthdays (llel’C
is a meat carry part a western
called "small'a" made from wheat
and sugar. These are extras added to the regular meal. For a
month's good. the girls put 2
rupees or apply lately $4.7
into a common purse.
Most oi the hostel girls are
Christian. Activities centered
around the cleaner and the Stu.
sent Christian Movement provide
the mall] source oi social late.
The college just faced a sort
rowiul event, It is with much
degree that I send the news oi
l the death oi Abmednagar Col-
, legs's founder in my first re—
port to Grinnell. Those oi you’
head Dr. Hiwale last year in_
service chapel or who know
, him personally will appreciate
. the loss.
, I can never express the atlas.
ing degree with flush the news
{was taken by the students. For
‘tell'ee days regular classes and
'activities closed; all oi AhnleA
manager's high schools called out
classes and town shops closed.
Hindus, systems and Christians
alike attended the funeral to contribute to Dr. I-Iiwale.
The family was overwhelmed
cat the response oi the common»
‘ltd. It was estimated by a Hindu
lawyer that 5,000 people were
in the funeral profession. The
Hindu onlookers boxed their
heads, hands together, under
their chip in the traditional less
sure oi respect, ‘
: Smcc the funeral the words
,and needs oi Dr. Hiwale rec
nlembered by the students have
been evening through the air.
“He was like a father to us all;
be shared no paint for the web
lelr oi the students."
Ahmednagar College was an
inspiration of Dr. Hiwele that
was considered to be an imports
able venture in 1947. Now it is
growing with great validity to
meet the needs at an area void
ot higher education in previous
times.
 
 
Friday, september 29. IVAI
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
engagement Discusses Prob/sms;
seventh Gl‘mllclllans,750 flu—
wants and 20 faculty member
store a few days from their 1) sy
college roles to hash over campus
problems at diagram Heights
Camp near Montour last where .
end.
In the related, ollscampus at. »
mospherc, participants considered opened many complexities of
Grinnell life never before fully
realized by faculty or students.
But those who turned the
weekend a success were the first
to point out that conclusions
reached during the discussions
must be presented to appropriate
campus institutions in concrete . '
form before the goals of the em
campbell can be considered ace .
compressed.
Topics chosen for discussion
were varied: one concerned the
conservative influence on cam—
put, a subject which led to
“Should the SGA encourage
the establishment of an extreme right Young Americans
for Freedom group at Grinnell?”
Another discussion group dealt
with hall life problems including
a consideration of the template
tions regarding use of liquid on
campus. Another asked “Why
Students who participated in
the second annual Grinncll
engagement paint up to leave_ diagram Heights camp in Moiitour
and return home after two days of committee meetings.
Practice To Slél‘l iSuccessful Membership Drive
lYoung lemon'
Drive Opens
l
’ { Thc principal Young Democr- s
‘club has begun its membership
To Be Announced
campaign 101‘ the 1961-82 schools V
clear. Over thirty freshmen have A complete change in the job
the club, according to love telephone system is scheduling Hot-watt, program chair-.used to take place about the
1IComplele Change
win Phone System
man, ThiS year the youngimiddlc of October, according to
Democrat club officers will code Evan garden. director of ll‘i‘:
‘contract on complex 'e~evalua» college’s physical plant
tion and representation of the The change, which involves
club. The first meeting will be the addition of about 100 he:
. 1held during the first two weeks lines to the 300 already in op-
. of October. . edition, has been in the plan-
.‘» . Ring setélgnegfgl' the past blwo yearly.
. , i one now clause c
EAWS board PleS .the over-created condition of the
system now‘in use and began
lTwo House Heads others is a fire need or more
ii The AWS Board has annoiincaiph‘.men m SW” .051!” “’11ch
had the appointment of two house ‘0““53 and d°“m"°"‘est
chairman, Judy Dari-h in Whitel “7“" °" “Lung 0V9" ”‘9 “9""
l House and Linda Miller in the Phones will begin near the m
h Spanish House. These girls will the new college telephone boc
1's“ h1 an the Monday Aws have been distributed. It
\board mechngg as rear‘seems law done with a minimum of
drives of their calls, but they discussion since the Work will
lwrll not vote with the Board. blake place after women's course
cohen the headphones are not in
use. The october .- expected to
take about two nights.
infinite notice will later
1):
For floral society jSpdrks Expanded
3:2:31‘59“ at G““”” ”“5 ”Eh: Grinnlell Clllol‘gl dsmelyl The ll‘number‘s'illp drive form- 13077
_ _ lol egmrerearsasr on above— is under we in Cam 0 ie ; ' v . a
Social and academic problems king at a in I'vcr'sci: chapel All hang A rotary club or over 3507; 4;? ;‘2u§:;12.‘e’ri3§“‘2;§;89$}.
WC“ d‘SSfCied ““Lh such qws’umfsmﬁ in the Crime“ common- students and faculty is expect-‘discussion “biological results air
“0315 as l5 the “Cilflemlgnlms'day are invited to sing With this ad. ’ 1atomic testing," will be present
ff“? ‘0” “a? “Swim“: a?“ group. In regard to the response of cd by Dr, Kenneth christiansenl
Age the 50031 Oglzommues “t Director Don songs (music) the membership drive, Da ‘ biology) and Mr Richard May.
alone“ adequa‘e- lhas announced that membership singing, president of lRC, sa r (speech). Mr. Meyer just reel
A number of major PTOPOSMS‘applicable forms are avallallleﬁ‘The excellent response of the.turned from an international
resulted from consultant?“ overall the fine arts division office student body to our processes‘conference on this topic. At lhlsi
these and other queries- In’win the Fine Arts building or mayor a solid educational pr “law'ﬁchecking membership for the.
eluded {amonglhem W3$a_r°c°m’lee completed at the first re— in international affairs this year‘Disahm’mom study Group Mu.
mendatlongfor She; ES}ab1,{while“‘ hearing. Male voices are associate‘is no larger than the importance‘ he accepted.
of a “treatments cables 10 as:ly needed. or the world situation \val'l'arts.‘ The second meeting to he
has the percentage of iowa std—
i
l
lRC Plans driven about which numbers die
:10 be changed and when.
NGW SHOWING
—ENDS WEDNESDAY
Wall' Disney's
"THE
515‘ “lens“ha“ Pl‘women‘s 3“ en' The mardi “require“ will be I master to add that the ch - .
. in the can
for‘cement of campus recreational performed at two concerts. April 5 I w
a proposal that reading model‘law‘ is, Maundy Thursday, and Apr“ 9
be va‘did 1“ B‘img. l‘fri‘l'yizo, Good Friday. in Roberts
0“ ”93h _T°Vemf“t; "fl‘fdaéi'theater- with consists, chorus and
a “3““ e” “m ° 9 “ms lorchcstra. James hamilton (bus-i
her system and fiveeday class. .
. _ , ic) wrllconduct the performances.
hung humans f" F‘eedm“ Rehearsals Will be held during
week to believe academic tries: October and November. com
sure; and the recommendation memmg again an“. the Chi
for more sponsored forms animals holidays. Membership will
more liberal rules regarding not be open after the Christmas
use of automobiles. ‘ holidays.
Ed. Note: The final reports A". Center To Show
of the various engagement
committees will be published l Rubbings of Chinese bronze
along with further comments i and stone beliefs will be exhibit
when they are processed. i cd Sunday at the Fine Arts Cei‘i-i
‘tel‘ Gallery. The rubbiiigs are}
provided on loan from the oil—i
College Receives
liam Rockhill Nelson Gallery in
Kansas City, Mo.
i
$555 From Ae'l‘na i
“running” is a standard way:
Grinnell has received a grant; to display a collection of this
of $555 ﬁrm the Aetna Lifetsort. This precise “trading” on
Affiliated COmpanieS under the! paper is the product of placing
companies’ new aid to higher ﬁne paper over relief Work can”:
education plan. Icol or cast. By running dragon
-The Grinnell grant was par“ over the paper a sensitive and
of a total $34,000 being distribute., fine impression is gained.
ed by the companies this month Each individual work is me.
to nearly 200 institutions‘ based with great care to give ai
throughout the country. faithrul suggestion of the orig i
 
TRY
GRINNELL
LAUNDROMAT
Across the Street
From the Grinnell
Sfctfe Bank
We have soft' wa'l'er and ﬁle
yes'l' Wesl'inghouse masters and
Gals orders +soil- give you or flufiier
and who'l'er laundry.
 
 
duo
GET OFF TO A
GOOD START AT
GRlNNELL
VOTE ULRICH
FOR '65 PRES.
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
Fastest
. 27.
board is grandﬁed and redcdicatmeeting
expectations. More efficient and
extensive methods of giving the‘ them.
increased membership an inside‘
‘track to club activities and thus a coffee
improve thensensq of participation are being ment representative will discuss
put into operation." ‘
initiative this year’s pl‘ogramisepvme
there will be two meetings on
Monday. The first one will be‘v
i
o -: .
Chinese Works
nfl. The relief work dates pro
480 B. C. to A. D. 900.
The exhibition
until 0
all r
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
Service
lOWA
CLEANERS
knowledge
will continue
held at 9:00
storm 125 will explain 11w
study groups and give the students an opportunity to join ‘
PARENT
TRAP"
STARRING
HAYLEY was
at HAYLEY MILLS
I‘i‘lcd‘tbel‘s'
On Wednesday there will bc‘
in counter younger
and at 4. where a state deparL-‘
government jobs in foreign‘
 
 
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Tuwn
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Tuwn
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
Town
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
In
'Ship'n Shore” with fanciful species“
fashion-lover's browse—beautifully;
\embroidered, marvelously detailed.
january all-cotton by Everfasti
White and righhripglhlies. 28 t0738.‘
POYNTER'S
4TH AVE. FASHIGNS
Grinnell's Complete Style Shop for Women
”completing New Every Day”
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Four
NSA Congress—Lari all
, One of the major problems}
that currently faces the united‘
States National Student ASSOCiar
tion is the lack of contact, co-op.
edition, and coordination be.
green the member college and
the region, and more serious, be“
green the region and nationall
office.
The problem is especially acute
in the IowarNcbI‘asia region,
The reasons are varied: (1) paste
officers have been very practice
and uninterested in. the region‘s
progress, and (2) the region it,
self packs interest and activities,
due to the number and type ol
schools affiliated with USNSA.
For the 1961762 school year a;
new type of regional program red,
being initiated by the member‘
 
schools of the IcowEl-I\tel)l"dskaRegion entitled “Operation ups
pop‘tunisia." Originally it was
planned as an Iowa—centered re-‘
search program that would study
the question: Why do 50 per cents,
of the young men and women bee]
green the ages of 18 and 35 leave
the state of Iowa. This program
has, ,already received a grant
from the Iowa Development
Commission to cover the costs‘
of conducting such a study and
also the holding of a regional
meeting concerning the finding.
of the, study.
However, Grinnell’s part in
the program is unique. Due to
the fact that Grinncll and
brake University have large
out of state populations, the
program has been broadband to
provide Grinnell with that
chance to conduct local insects»
nation on problems that concern the entire nation.
Orinnell may choose to index—
tigate racial discrimination student events have indicated that
such discrimination is not unique_
to the South, Grinnell worlds
conduct a study to\disco\her~ii
discrimination does exist in cats
mg places, career shops, sleepil
ing facilities, etc., in Iowa. ‘
In addition, the study of racial‘
discrimination in Iowa would
also be of interest to the state
government, At the present time
there is a law that declared rapidly
discrimination unlawful in the
state of Iowa.
The commission that is set up‘
to carry out this law is under-
, stuffed and consequently can
conduct investigation in only the
larger cities. It is readily eve—
sent that a report constraints
discrimination in the smaller;
towns of the state would be read
with great interest by the Come,
mission,
The results of the study worlds
be included in the regional re—
port and would also serve as re—
search information for commit
teen on racial discrimination at
the national congress of USNSA,
Two very important aspects o
the program. must be arrested
First, the choice of topics to
study is unlimited. Examples in-i
slide the warrant farm labor
problem in Iowa. the situation
concerning public housing and
the previously mentioned racial
discrimination question.
The second aspect of the program is that it is designed to
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
There will be a meeting of all
include all “means operated, seniors interested inprofessional
The program is not limited to graduate study in ARH. Tues»
any club or many special stud day. october 3, at 4:00 13-m- i
sent government committee. In addition thcfollowing
The gun‘s of this program ,m‘ot scholar-ships hasbcen released,
many since this is the first time by lhel'cglstl‘a ’5 ofﬁce- records
in USNSA history that mi, along to Dale Terry, students with
program has been initiated, manufacturing over a 39 average,
should be Interested In this in~‘
of the goals are also somewhat}5 , ,
idealistic, tool'salmon. choices scholarship
Fat 0. - . . ‘applicants may be expected for
is ‘lﬁécd“&‘a"fhﬂ$‘5sgﬁgiiy‘ziﬁ lliave at least a 3.3 scholastic av»
group together or acquire a king lSgiigéefhfho's‘gwpmﬂiﬁr‘iy Ci;
ot cohesiveness. Such a c0leslie~; . .
news would greatly strengthenitsr’theﬁeﬁi I," “if Woudgmxwgm:
the region and its effectiveness.‘ C (”“5th ° 59° “C” a “5"
Second, it is the desire of the
,org immediately.
MAJOR SCHOLARSHIPS ANDl
schools in the region to see the
program produce concrete eve-
FELLOWSHIPS OPEN To
nAnUATINc. ENIOR
dance that would eventually lead G S S l
to regional sponsorship of rest-
1982-63 i
buttons at the national Congress
Award, Conditions
Com level A 1‘ t' ,1) dl‘ .
Third, it is the goal of this region, 9 ”p m m" ”a '"c‘
to make the program succeed so
Danforth Graduate Fellowships
. , 7Male Students under 30, $15007
that it will expand to other $2.000, no previous graduate
"°§‘°“S' , . . sword, interested in college teacli-‘
l‘lie national office is intensity ,ing Contact Dean swiss NOV}
interested in the program. If it‘l
meets with success, the possible—
items of the national office rccom- Ships for grad study in manga
sending a similar program I-leon'sign lands. Knowledge of‘i
other regions is strong. The third ‘laiignage essential, under 35, l
point leads to the final and mostgiipend depends on country, c0“.
vital goal. Through a thoroughtact Mr. Terry — Nov, 1, ‘
l
 
 
'Fullhright Awards _ Scholar-,
study of existing problems int Marshall Scholars _ 12 awards
certain areas of, the .Unitcdlfor 2 years study in the United
States, the generates would be‘ . l
able to come to the national.‘ 77,“ l
 
Congress better informed on thchTUDENT SENATE l
conditions in their area and'thelCUﬂtr from p- L =
feeling of the students they rep—3
recent,
The expanding world of the
student is almost stainless. Only
through consolidated grass roots
work, at the member colleges
and in the regions, will the
USNSA be able to accurately _
”New! student problems and‘ that the chairman of the com-
their opinions on those problems.‘ ”it“? make ”PMS 0“ “1° 0"
l penditiircs to the Senate.
 
amended so that its last part:
was deleted. . ‘
The other motion asked the
Senate allow the National 'Affairs committee to give $400
spending money to each foreign
student attending Grinnell and
SANITY 0F STONES
font. from p. 2
l
'intel. a roof of appointed con-
lcrete on it, and power in‘style.i
heating winners in case theiPersonally, when the end comes’
iagkﬁt dawn/115 bORbed- ll would like to sit on the‘
her exam es: are exist ' . .
two great different forces mlCDWIeS balwny’ dr'm‘mg a
the world, neither of which deslSCMCh and Wm“ El“ 1 guess:
term. The Irish are being maSV‘l-has idea 15 Imlxactical: I‘d get
sacred in the Congo. NeWSpaslﬁdied.
pets advertise a combinations
campus room.both shelter within
a longstel'm payment plan, :
,l
 
 
DELICIOUS
BAKED
GOODS
 
The best news of all is the
neutronhomh . , ,.the ultimate product of a material-
isaac society. We have, or soon
will have, a machine that
dress't hand pencil started.
era, buildings and super high-
 
The best will to help make
 
"f’aysi “"1““ says ”WY: your lounge party a success is i
moms, and all humanity to serve delicious based goods ,
gigs, ~ from Brown’s. , l
There is a possibility that we,
Vk YIES AND CAKES
l * COOKIES
* BROWNIES
BROWN'S
BAKERY
BE S4389
Across from City Library
could dig the new skating link
deeper and have skidmore, etc.
 
ULRICH
 
 
 
 
GI
CLOTHING BUDGET V.
" WE HAVE ASELECTION
OF USED FORMALS
USED CLOTHING DEPARTMENT
ST
'5th and Broad St.
Two OF THESE HAVE
MATCHING SHOES
RLS CUT YOUR
SIZES 9 AND 10
SIZE 6V2
IN OUR VERY COMPLETE
EVE'S ~TOYLAND
ln die basement across from the post office
 
list in
 
 
Friday. september 29, |96l
Seniors Will Meet (In graduate work—Peace Corps Exam
 
 
 
”* W l Kinrdoni, Contact Dr. Norton —‘ T B G S
. p - o e even own
attitudes Scholarship * Un»,
ed inch, 2 years study at
0a old, student 750 pounds ($2,.
100). Contact Dr. Norton — Oct
3L
media Roberts Scholarship _—
For students born in the state of
Iowa and graduates of Iowa Colleges, $2,500 per year. On completion of graduate study you;
must return to Iowa [or 2 years.‘ exam more W,“ be only one
Contact Mr‘ Terry _ Feb, 1‘ lPeace Corps entrance examine»
Woodrow Wilson Fellowships union. The tests‘ are announced
_ For students interested in ‘for alternate days, the intention
cum 1 mu 1 1’ being to prev-ide alternate times
"g on he egg eve ifor applicants to taste the'same
,sbsoo per year, must be not- west
“‘3th by 3 “WW member- 1 Tests are planned for sites,
Talk to your advisor or Mr} iKDes points and lwa City in»
Peace Corps examinations will
be given Oct, 7. Nov. 30 and
Dec. 1. Prior to this time there
have been tivo series of Peace
Corps examinations, one especially for volunteers to teach in
secondary schools, the second
for all other categories of volunteers,
Beginning with the Oct. 7
 
Terry. — Oct. '31. louis region, Additional Peace
National Science Foundation Corps information and appliesc t N ,L t 11., allows may be obtained from
_ 0" 3“ ”mm“ C “m“- Philip Thomas (economics) in
Grad School Preference usual— Stem” Harp
lyiNov. 1
 
GRINNELL TASTEE 'FREEZ
SUNDAES. MALTS. SHAKES 8r CONES
‘ DRINKS 8r HOTDOGS
Highway No. 6 East Orinnell, Iowa
Gene creating
Closing For the Season
ch. I
 
With Homecoming on its Way
Order your Tuxedos
Now for the big Homecoming Dance
Tuxs. Dinner Jackets. accessible
PPESIONS
yellow freshmen:
The president of this freshmen class will be con—
printed with two important responsible' its. First, he
will represent the entire class in the Grinnell student
Senate, and second, he will have the task of stifrtulating the development of class productivity and unity\
Every candidate, as a potential officerWhas a re—
sponsibility to familiarize himself with the office and
the campus issues with which he will be required to
deal. This I have attempted to do by exploring the ,
issues now before the senate and by discussing them
with the s. G, A. president and a number of senators.
Thus, I feel prepared to represent our class in a send—
social capacity. _ _
Each of us must ask himself certain questions con<
warning class productivity and unity-What can we do
for the college?.What can Grinnell do for us? What can
we do for ourselves? ' '
' It is traditional and appropriate that each freshman
class undertake a. project which will load toward _an
adequate answer to these questions, In a discussion with
an upperclassman who has organized a freshman class
project (in this case to raise money to bring a foreign
student to Grinnell), I found that far too often a project
such as this results in an accumulation of work on a
few individuals, rather than being truly the response
of the entire class. Obviously, this freshman product
needs a fresh outlook, _ _ ‘
Soon the student Senate will be discussing the my
selection of a program toward the development of an
better place to begin than with the incoming freshman
“honor code" system at Grinnell. I feel that there is no
class. This would be a worthwhile and stimulating class
project, and would benefit the college, the class, and
each of us as individuals. . -
The freshman orientation program has been the
-siibject of much criticism and discussion in many cir—
cles. Some of the aspects which require detailed study
this year by all of us, especially by the leaders of the
freshman class, are: -
1. Tire test required of women students upon cam-
pletioii of the program. . _
The totally lack of freshman representation _
especially for the men students _ in the Stun
dont Senate.
3. The rather high schoolish organization and pre-
selection of orientation lectures, ‘
I have defining suggestions to improve this program,
one of which is specifically designed to give freshman
more significance in student government. I plan to pre—
sent these programs at the mass meeting- Sunday‘ eve—
iiin .
gEvery freshman should attend this meeting and _
consider carefully the platform of every candidate so
that a wise choice can he made. This is your response—
hility.
 
 
 
 
Z.
Sincerely, ‘
Jack Hurwitz
Candidate {or
freshman class president
 
 
 
l
l
l
l
l
. l
l
l
 
Friday. september 29, l96|
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
Ford iran’r
font. from p. 1
the Ford program for awards to
small private colleges follows a
similar series or grants made
to private US, universities last
year.
Orinnell came into competition
101' one or the grants only art—
ei- women had written Ford as
to "How 1 Would Spend a Million Dollars,“ and a 125-page
application had been ﬁlcd with
the foundation.
Following a visit here last
winter by a Foundation reply»
sensitive, a meeting was held
between the Board of Trustees
and Foundation officials At this
time the possibility of a $2 mil.
lion grant was raised.
Official noteﬁnation as to
which colleges had been select.
ed for the awards did not come
until last Friday afternoon when
a you page release was wired
to Gr null from the counters
tion.
women explained that Grin
well received the funds because
it has expected without great
endowments. Grinnell ranks, he
said, as a school which will
produce the best returns in edt—
national geneﬁts from the found
nation’s investment.
The President said the a.
ward will he used to launch
a your-part spending program
which includes $450,000 per
year earmarked for regular
operating expenses; $375,000
each year in addition to
permanent endowments, S400,000 per year for a special educational opportunity fund and
‘another sxso,000 per year to
ﬁdance a building program.
Explaining the educational opportunity fund, women said it
would be used, as opportunit' s
occurred, to ﬁdance special products or activities to end'ice- the
college’s academic effort.
fund might be used row such
purposes as the acquisition or
scienceﬁc equipment otherwise
out of reach, to expand the coin
legs’s collection or art objects,
to ﬁdance additions to the li.
board, to employ distinguished
visiting processors and to back
studentefaculty research. All this
will be in addition to the already planned increase in fan—
ulty salaries and aid to std—
cents.
obtaining the building pro—
gray, he said that preliminary
plans [or a new student union-X
recreation complex may be
started this rail. other building‘
projects which may be possible
are _an athletic ﬁeldhouse, new
directories for men and for
,women and remodeling jobs on
a number of campus buildings.
including party gym, cleaner,
Good'now and Carnegie calls.
The ice Skating link now under
construction is also part or the
building program.
College Church
Winston L. King will speak
at the community service Sunday morning at 11 in service
chapel. His subject will lie “Dying Daily"
GLAssEs
Mode and impaired in
our Laboratory.
Conlocl Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
even
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist
Across from Post Office
’I‘her
l
‘Open House Features Broadway
. will—l
bevclopiiicnt or
To
.l
, _ _ _ ' t.
. ’ ' ‘ ‘ ll
. , - ~ t
L
l Girls perform for the camera during Quad Open House last
yesterday. The men's open house is scheduled for this Saturday
n north campus.
lForeign Service officially visit Here
 
John M. Perry, of the US? the Foreign Service of the De;
Foreign Service, will speak at Mo men, of Stam- ‘
a coffee hour Wednesday after- P .
r noon at 4 in counter Lounge He W‘“ 315° ”SW” qucsmnsl
Perry Will speak on careers integrating to the written and oralT
l destinations (or entry into click
diplomatic service.
‘Schedule Lectures The closing date this year lol‘l
‘0 N Th l
l n CW, ea el‘ Foreign Service is October 23.
J H u MTT r To take the examination a Grin
amcs u i er, i-om . _ _
Shreveport, La. will deliver two We.” Sfugfm mf‘“ T” “m“ a 59“lectures in Robert’s Theatre thisHm 0‘ ”a”? “geweekend, one a, 7:30 whwmw; The examinations for the more.
modelling and the other at 2:30 inn Service \Vlll be held in now
Sunday afternoon, idol‘ cities throughout the United
‘ Miller,,who served as the,states (including Des points)
theatre consultant for the arch— ‘on December 9_ ' .
itccts of Robert’s Theatre, wider , . _ _ ,
give deinonstrat lectures on. APPllca‘w‘“ ‘°‘ “‘9 ”8mm"
hIS personal experiences with tions may he obtained from theorem staying, such as Ro- . registrar, Harold Fletcher, (po—
light's Theatre, Movement, light mm strategy
ing, side staying, projection and
simpleﬁed recently will be dis
trusted. « TokumuT l5 Named
'F'lm T° Be Shown TITO Iowa Jayc’yes
Joe Okumu, Grinnell penis‘l
“The Golden lemon", a Jan
these turn, will be shown at a 0‘
tonight and at 7:30 tomorrow in from Kenya, British East Africa,T
i ARH auditonllm- {was named an contrary member,
The color film is based on union The Iowa Junior Chamber:
lung - l
. really popular Japanese, .
novel “KonJiki pasta”, Its theme 0f commerce- He is the ﬁi'st,T
‘is that of young l'one thwarted student ever recorded such an’
t by moneyithe golden Ciel-non.- whom“;
“awngseemha‘money m ”“Sl oituiiiu received the aw'and‘
changing economy is all that; - .
|counts, The learned 10m. Swat a board meeting of the local
out to become g'tough moncyeiJaycees in Newton where he
lender and to prove that he Can‘lead been asked to speak course:
law?“ the 901d“ terms- “131' day night. Topic 01 his talk was‘
-ly in the configuration of vice “M, N HTS T r. E T
hence, true values come to the “ca“ C“ 1f?“ m “5 '
surface_' West Power-utilities.“
filing applications to take the,
written e. donations for they
t
_ Material For
Floats Display '
for Homecoming
Nails - Wire - Neﬂ'ing Wa'l'er serial'
Special 16 Oz. Spray point ,
$1.39
We rent- 'l-oils - Paint-f speakers
George 8r" Roll ,
HARDWARE
blood Sr.
 
 
 
 
”arlington e samoa Theory
[discuss “Several Theories done losing
'according the Development of thelpheQOT Joel Baker, 3311.1,a
Earth "
‘Summer AFROT‘C
station),
lProgram at James normally Air
lForce Base; Waco, Texas.
I ' I
Universe is
Series Topic
jl’oils Open Monday
T T T T r. T“ ll‘or Class Elections
lectures in a series entitled “A Election of Class officers for
Modern View of Nature and llcﬁtllc school year will be held an
the Universe”1 Monday from 8, 5 thin, to 4
will be given in Science 125. him in ARH The results or
V The series or four lectures pl LTtlle election will be allnountml
center by Kenneth ChristiansenTat dinner that evening
(biology) and William H. Sand—, The senate, st shaw.
iriann (physics) will deal with‘mc 'ngT had suggested 3,,
“New theories concerning iron-{tension of the petition dead
ass and o 'n of gale its and but because a meeting, or 1'
planets." selection board was not called,
Tuesday night at 7,45 Sand-‘no such change was made.
inann will,speak on “presents ThOge running for 0mm
Views Concerning spaces Timciuie senior class a . as follow,
and Matter.” 0n Wednesdayilpresident, Pat super, Larry
Oct, ll at ll a.in. ChristiaiiscanhneT B,“ bag-oh: and Steve
will present the lecture entillcdlUmcmom; Viceepi'evident, her
Egglcston and Judy Von cal
Evolution or the Universe. secretary, Emily iran a .
The third lecture by range‘Miriam kelly; treasurer, Ted
iriann on Wednesday, Oct. 18, at.Moss and Linda Hayes; m is
. 5 pin. will be cenceinedwrthisocial chairman, Doug Ch ‘st
“Modern Theories Concerning‘and women's social chairman
the Development of Matter.” A Martha sullivan and Diane
final lecture Tuesday night, Oct.TVeronda,
24 at 5 by christianity will; The ]‘union glass has the fa].
roster or candidat
l l.
to,
in
‘day and Jim Smith; vice-pre -
The lecture sex 5. according sent, Dave Kennedy and leg
ltd christianity, is aimed at magnet ,
cayman, and all are invited to
send Steve Brooks and Susan loop
Tidcnt and vice—president, respec<
Pfilsch observed ’ T
itively.
The freshmen ‘will choose
[their officers from the following
John A, deutsch (physical edt- brand‘da‘es‘L mails“: le J“;
ai-i-y ow e, cc
upon invitation from emathyt
Headquarters Air Force ROTC, TlHul‘WltZ, Larry real, dance Op- .
recently spent three days ob» german, John Russell and D:cds
server" and evaluating the Air;UlnL . me, -d ,
a . _. . . , press ent, Kingsley
“WE‘ROTC 5“"“9‘ T‘a“““g;Clarlr, Mary german and Sally
lWolr; secretary, Judy florist-
Highlights of “Coach“ protocols‘and Stevie books; treasurer,
v‘isit included a personal inspec» .Mary Lulldquist, Mac Marshall
“0" 0f 200 Cadets and a one her‘land Carol ultimate; women’s
"Ha-m °"‘e“‘a"°“ “‘9‘“ 1social chairman, Leslie Brusletl
british, an Army Captain .
during World War ll, document- lions Dam“? K061”) J9“ Lang‘
men’s
ed that he was ,favor-ahly smellﬂm and Kathy kelly;
,pi‘essex with the Air Force ROTC special chairman, Jim Ramsey.
summer training program. i
 
 
ADVANCE with VANCE-
Hear his DEFINITET
Platform on Sunday
, .dance Opperman for president'
 
 
 
All varieties
and 4 sizes of
Pizza guurun'l'end
"l'o please.
For carry-Our orders
I Call. BE 6-6222
AHRVANO’S
(next to the, Bowlodrome)
OPEN—4:00-12:00 Midnight daily
4:00-10:30 Sunday
 
 
 
 
Page Six SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, September 29, |96| ‘
 
 
lThiri’y—Man cross Football I__
i For What It’s Worth “Squad studies Under Moorei
by Tom rm.” ‘Mgrgﬁrmﬂfault‘elﬂfg“of Tﬁrryttcrior ol the line have 9150‘
. , . ,. . . ~, rss 00 a cds ave - » .
had Wimecki and Phil further-ll 91“““9115 Flowers PW“ . the midwest conference ”new“ (hair college gridiron ca- igijhgsgeaaiscgi.their may gay-1y
are [he only Pioneer harmrslmythlcal all-sports championship for the 1960-61 athletic red-5 by bang ,nmamd into the On Oct 13 the team travels
sure to run against the not-ll/Cal‘ hy computing 29 points to runner-up marketing 50. grinncll Wing—T system, Assist- m due 1;} ”'5 nm rating In
mouth cross-country train today, Points are awarded on a one for first place, two for second ‘mg Coach Moore this year are lsubsequent weeks Coach games?
Coach Dick Young announced. place, three for third, etc., basis depending on where the two Sophomores, Bill Henry andlchaygeg Wm meet Come“ at
The other three spots on the teams finished in each of the nine intercollegiate variety GE“? Gmmds‘ml “’1‘“ worklCornell on Oct. 20 and Knox ht
team were to be decided in a‘shortly ‘Vm‘tlhﬁ ends and Wkﬁeldi ”'those on Oct. 27 to ﬁwish their
time may- l In warning their second title in, the past six years the Spec ”E y" 15535011, According to Conference
plymouth, Grinnell's “"55 Pioneers won conference championships in tennis, swim- I" the bRCkﬁend 3‘11 MCKlVGen'ﬁ'mesh ”“5th square 3"“ 11“"
home competition of the seasons,‘king and (you: ,at quarterback, epson Ethelbah item to three games.
seems to be no problem since " lat halfback and boston powers operating about 180 pounds
‘they have dropped two meets al» ’i ~ ‘ . ‘ ,at feedback have shown some on the line and between 160 and
ready this season — one to trim‘ College football se son begins 1“ largest this weeks lpromise, according to the coach< 170 pounds in the backﬁend, the.
hell, the other to Knox College, end. Preseason ratings ave the top ten lltmliing‘ like this: line staff. Dawd caused at end team is about the same size as
Last in the Conference lists 1i Iowa, 2. Missi sippi. 3. Ohio State, .1. Alabama, 5.13mi ‘Sklp' Weyraush in the in- the teams or the past few years
year, they “have no depth.” says, Syracuse, 6. Te. s, 7. Rice, 8. Penn State, 9. U.C.L.A., l - »
Coach Young. Two of their 10, Michigan State. l
team DaVe Campbell {ind ﬁlm‘- My predictions for tomorrow’s games includ 4 ‘ DON'T BE A
21$}ng nggfge, “£29319 53$ . Navyelt") William & Marycl lowaezl Californiac
~ » ‘ - 7'- -‘ 1-18 Ohio State—l4 T.C.U,—7.
. 1 1f, 1 h 1 5t Duke 20 \ llginl'l _ V. _
EZEESSTLZHEgihcrafiﬂié°ﬁufrhlKansrlsel Wyomliig—7 rich. St.-20 Wisconsin-13 HEEL—
in the freshman telegraphichi Western721 Boston C.-8 Illinois—15 ‘ Washington-14
meet last year. . lOreg‘old_ St. 8 Stanford—14 MlssmssuthZ Kelltlickyﬁ VOTE FOR
The fl‘ash will gel their fH‘St‘So. California-1'5 SrM.U -7 Missouri-14 Minnesota-7,:
chance to run in a meet today; Syracuse-31 W. Virginia—13 Notl'e DameeZO Okla}? NEAL
)lounge pﬁ‘“:ﬂ:.y“$;\;§5’§§gi Texasﬂl Texas TechAO Alabama-19 Tulane»0
‘unlike , ' _ ' ’ - _ - , ,
ball... He om,.angle~eg,§,A_-72° Vangggggggnew 23,1333; @555?ng FOR FROSH PRESIDENT .
E23: 3:], :,‘f,§:“§og‘:§";,;:; Carleton—16 Cornell-8 Mziyloi-vlli Pittsburg-7 ,
went freshmen. l Gl'cornell-fly Molimoutlieﬁ Maryland-27 thomson-14‘i
tC0€»14 ' simon-7 Colorado-26 Okla. St.-G ;
l
, . “hithertoShiite-dirt: COME IN FOR
Animal ; THAT "AFTER
, After morning and bellyaching his way through the
' last two months of the season, Roger paris ranking 102 Llfe in hitting in the major leather with an average 01' .270, fine: THE GAME
ally hit home run number 60 Tuesday night iii his 158th‘ II
by John mm,“ ,g-are. Considering this historic feat it is possible (thong-h} SNACK
liable entered a threesome not very probably) that a re-evaluation of the all-time great
tie for ﬁrss place in the 1M players is in order.
football standings with a 19‘s Who is the best player in the history of baseball.. 1 HA '
y“; 9:” Effie; almtdethel gale: There’s no debut about it, virus Raymond Cobb. the MBURGERS
est‘y 0. ‘6 me OW Yes' Georgia beach ourselves them aIli Behind him come
terday. D‘bple “0.“, Shares the, Walter Johnson, Babe Ruth, Cy Young, Chi‘isty earlier- TENDERLO'NS
top spot with Smith and South,‘ SDI] and HOIIIIS \Van'tier
~Grinnell To Run l
Scot carriers l
Gof Thomson, Pete massive,,
 
 
 
l.
 
 
 
all tl~ h id' 270 ~d. . .
Theilioess 2,35,, Covazcsmdesep,‘ The only players active in the past decade who have, ALL VARITIES OF
er into the second division, They ZI‘ chance of tracking the top six after the contribute of,
have played their ﬁrss three time has allowed proper perspective for agreement are SANDWICHES.
'games without a win, failing to Ted Williams, Stan Musial and Warren Spahiii Roger paris. f
Clark 13*0 and Playing North‘lf he continues to improve he may make the top 25 by the, SHAKES AND SUNDAES
general-fits: Egthae‘S: a“? time he retired unless; of course, he gets too many tears}
" . " S . °, iii his ears from lying on his back in his bed as he crys ov- I
£3331: Eggjﬂgf‘ﬁgd 3‘};- er signing paragraphs for kids who like to think he’s a’ DIX E INN
East and Langgn remained win. great athletes { Just One Block From The Campus
1255 in (“’0 often and West ’i—'—' "_' ﬂ 7" >‘ "'7' .. A" '7’7’77
played umgm (ﬁyemen in eclipse, it is still highly sugar A cross, but even they must ad-I.
Search of a Touchdown,” losing ed as the ultimate weapon. lmit that long_ ﬂswing black|
to Gates 3,670 and South 19.0. l The method of defining pro-llc‘yes with a bright red ”G” on
The ﬁrss scattered returns tested games is interesting intake back would look “WWW, MCBLAIN'S ANNOUNCES
from the tennis tournament light or recent campus develop-,impressive- _W0 are “9961ng
show Gates with a pair of site meets. They are reviewed and $0ch sasacwus words on HHS,
goes victorian by Mel Chllewich ruled upon by the 1M Beardfsubjoct from the SGA women- CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVES
 
 
 
 
 
and Dick Trumbull and West which also designated playing family.
with the lone douglas win by rules. Thus we are operating >
—- under a system which grants§ - l
1M FOOTBALL STANDINGS both judicial and legislative:
w powers to the same body 7 at
:lfearepXiolaéionOfogoth::rincipiel F' Grillrﬂelse l FOR 1961-1962
s ruii wr, Igure e “on
This appearing situation eouldl
822 5th Ave
easily be remedies by the are-
union of an athletic Star Cham- .
her to decide all judicial action ,Pgégayﬁigggg, SEE OUR AD IN SPORTS PROGRAM
arising from 1M contests. There ‘
are undoubtedly some intro- srcssive people who imagine the torture Correction Chief agent—David explain .. . . .. . 6-5630
illustrations of this body might, calculation of circuit- East morris Ed Johnson 4”
possibly border on the ludh; Hon
t
gallph grant. aids hurt Lamb. 1 _ West morris—Larry jefferson .. ,. . , , , . . 47‘)
ex ”m" mm W“ D'CK ”WC” R°'°x“"°" movies—Chip (Phil) Cowles 436
news were Dan singing of Smith
and Dave facts of East. r ‘ - ~ Langan protected their 7_-6 f" t aggréngisﬂ: Tuning Of liable—Fred Onusch . . . , . . . .. 44]
loss to Gates-because of a dis~ FROSH. PRES. l
peter line procedure rail (the Clark—Steve Schoolman ,. . .445
protest has been rejected),l
and peoples is making obvious} , Gates—Jay karaoke . . . . . . . . .440
houses in this direction over a ‘
shift play in yesterday's game . watson—Dave Palmer . . 455
'th Dbbl. D ' '
that an‘ uglieldesg‘lioetasiheoccfsiist A RECORD Lungun—Skip Hughes . . . . .. . 450
about as frequently as a sugar .
views Smufh—L. B. Klure . ,. . . 465
The perfect' GI'H' For North counter—Greg brain . . 473
TAKE ADVANTAGE Every occasion South counter—Jack Hansen. . . ’ 469
bf National Review’s south Campus—Mary Heiliger .. 417
SPECIAL STUDENT RATE wmaﬂ'VE'Y ‘5'" WmPPed “W" , kathy McDonald . 472
FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR Valerie Luck . . . . . . . . 421
Dan’l miss another issue! ‘ LEEPERIS MUSIC CO.
"2‘33" i:i’7.t°."s".‘:'ff.":l ' Open aﬂ'er windows on Saturday I MCBLAI N's FLOWERS
liable
Smith
South
North
Clark
Gates
station .
Cowles , .
East...
Langan
West
OGQGHNNHNNN
oocwoceuceoh}
 
 
 
 
 
Suhigrlpliun new.)
I50 but 35m 5
New folk lb, N, v.
 
 
 
 
SCA‘RLET AND BLACK
longer printers To Inaugurale Home Season
omorrow Against fitness plymouth Al 1:30
ﬁelder and 131311:
‘ fourth-place ﬁwish of the af-
Grinncll's Pioneers, zoeo villas only 1.8 miles.
\ I \ Grinnell dercatcd Knox 21-37 version. further, button,
. .1as Pioneer winners placed level
LJ I end, third, fourth, title, seventh,
U ‘rights and 12th. John Sell of
ms over Knox Saturday, spent
he u-eeh happens finishing their
Reichs and Goldstein placed
sixth, seventh, rights and
wild a refinance to balance
hair season’s record at H alt- inbox was iii-st with a 9:314
rid technique in notification
E tomorrow’s contest here with
plymouth,
The scott inside Ward ﬁend
north, respectively.
. . , , Coach Dick Young indicated
er a 7-0 shipping last week by ,time, followed by Gi-install's Goi that he was very pleased with
iron. Sixth place ﬁsisters in Thomson at 9:44. Thomson \VaSiwin‘eco‘Ys running and extra
Confex‘once play in 1960i the first in the plymouth»Grinnelllsed disappointment mm but_
scott collected 17 points, blank- meet with the same time. Pete
ridge. September 29. |96l Page Seven
,carriers Slop Two opposed‘s
i.
The Pioneer carriers haven
started their defense or the Con
,defence championship with two
responding victorian, one over1
E23?!) and the other over Mon.1 placed 594.com, him-L sixth,»
' _ l seventh, rights and north. NasScheclulcd as a two—mile race1 smis “me was good enough
_at Kno. the meet was held up for second, in the may and
 
seller in the Conference last
year, protein an easy mark,
losing 2041. Led by Thomson’s
first place, Grinnell winners
 
ratio a seniorless squad (80 per
out are hopes, the rest seniors)
 
Pioneers Shall Pomn Wei Field
in: Grinnell I one (If their
three season’s victorian.
Top performing on the squad
include center John Bingaman,
an All-Conference renewable
mention choice last year as a
sophomore, and a highly rev
games young passed, sophomore
John Kruegcr. _
A big factor in the scott' far
for is their young, but big line
which outweighs the Pioneer
forward wall at Six of the save
en positions.
An exchanges lined“)
tee off for the Scarlets
their ﬁrss display before (l
home crowd. But after the
week’s head-blocking, Coach
add powers feels he has some
boys.who will see “a lot 0i
'actions"
Regarded as to}: material for
backﬁend support, especially art»
er last week’s connect, are Howard Dunn, car Smith and Ryd
Wallcrstedt not to mention
sophomore Dick richard who
guided one of the Pioneer touchdown attacks and then logged
'he ball over the goal himself.
During maritime of the football
game tomorrow, all sports fans
are invited to See 38 women
will
in
from south campus play their'
own football game. It will be
the Revlon RollsOns vs. the bargain winners.
I Gaza/y
ﬂoaty/£25
by Susan Roberts
o Now that a full week of [M
hockey has passed down the
green and into the dressed—on
portion of the calendar, what
have we got to say for ours
leaves'F‘Not an awful lot. Of the
nine games scheduled for play,
six were won by correct, one
a double perfect at that.
With all the suggestions that
The freshman women be allow.
ed to take their due [rain the:
upper‘class women, 1 hope they
don‘t! So far, only Loose is
even making a team error-t.
wedding Their Way
STATISTICS
G
, l5
. 272
7
Kl
first towns
Net yards rss ing
Net yards passing
Passes attempted 6
Passes completed 1
Passes interpreted by 1
numbers lost ., . 0
Yards penalties
—G,
The Grinnell Pioneers, printing out 272 yards pushing on
a rainesoahed but surprisingly,
madness ﬁend, clothes past Knox,
204) ,at Galeshurg, all, Satu
day in both teams’ season open.
or.
The Grinneiiians, who now
hold the most impressive de—
website statistics in the Midwest
maintenance, held 'the Siwash t0
minus six yards on the ground
and to 35 yards passing, gained
in ﬁve collections out of 19
attempts. The Pioneers took biol
chances in the driving rain as!
they attempted only six possess
i
l
one of which went for six yards‘
and, originally, the ﬁrss touch—
down.
More than one-third or that
Grinnell garbage was painful
by big John warning, who earned
moved through the Knox de—l
lfense for 98 yards. 1
 
i ﬁrss
treating the score at 14-0. i
0 K massive, had Winiecki and Phil
ver “OX - further were the next to place,
, 7 7 a Siwash summer placing sixth.
Me a“ the flash ”cam John button and Dutch Reid-is
line. candles then hit robert , .
in the end zone for the mark- ,Al‘ﬁ COMM“! 12”" ,
er. The score stood, as the l .‘mom‘m: 135‘ P1309 fm‘
extra point attempt failed,
placed seventh and rights anal
ton's two seventh place finished.
Young commented, "We have
to get a ‘tight package’ of five
winners able to run well together. We need seven, but we
can do well with five, As yet
.We are only consistent with
l three."
 
 
No less greece after their
 
rally, Griiinell stories
about in Knox land for two‘
que era before their attack
again integrated the Siwash
gm Ime‘ , i the same
The next points came when
Kowcl‘t, determined not to concept anything to the Knoxmen.
blocked a desperate Silvashi
hunt which rolled into their‘
own end zone for a safety and
two points for Grinncll. 'i
flashing swiltiy on the sale-l
‘ Come our
Welcome returning S-I-eden'l's
We are still serving
time Italian
Spaghetti us last year.
and see us.
MARCHELLINO'S
 
ty’s feels, the Pioneers scoring
 
again when sophomore Dick‘
 
richard said into the 'Knox and
zone on a leonard bottles, He}
had guided the ball club 43i
yards to Set up his move. Again
the bonus point attempt failed!
The ﬁnfl Pioneer touchdown
came alter penny Asby, a 200
pound terror nt tackle, shared
a Knox pass deep in their
own territory. candles then
went eight yards to cap the
afterwards 20.0 score. '
The victory placed
l Backed By
Grilmell 1
, ' SENIORS it
For New Ideas
fri'I-husias‘llc
End G91“ KW?" ““1 W" jan the winners circle along
back R0“, Sand!" corporate“ with Carleton, Cornell, St. Olaf
onfhe seven-yard P155 PW land simon, the tour other schools
blues we the home's ‘1 gvictorious in Midwest longer-
(i-o lead in the ﬁrss quarter. once Play Saturday
, I
may fﬁv’gﬁeﬂmﬁﬁi 53;: l MIDWEST CONFERENCE
~ 0” g ‘ ‘ STANDINGS l
tickets Will Open 1000‘
1.000,
Season Tomorrow
1000
Looo‘
The Grinnell soccer team in 1.233
automated this year’s season Sat- ~00”
today alter-noon in a match a CO - ,
gained Dubuquc University. The B 19“
match, which will be played at‘ c ‘
Girinnell
Cornell
SL our
Carleton
rtipoii
Knox
Lawrence
oaoeoecaee
,000‘
.000l
Dubuque, is expected to be fair» \‘rooms‘lite‘renew SCORES
.000
ly even, Last yea s Pioneer soc-‘ . , ‘
her squad, the iii-st since ‘1917,‘ 3;;a‘nfl‘12ﬁoilgffgnge o
detected Dubuqlle two to one in‘ Carleton 2'6 Bela“ s
l
overcome. l
The probably starting linear :33“; lﬁiofnﬁgufh 0
as stated by Coach Irv Simone‘
his Bill picks, doc Okumu, Bill
 
And Capable Leadership
elect
|.. B. route
Senior Class President
|
 
 
 
Shop in and see our
Fine helen-tion of naked Goods
Both Read and ﬂages have'Montfort, Dave Scott and Robin‘
failed to ﬁend a team and lost universe at the forward positions games by perfect, los are‘tions. The halfbacks will be Den
2) part of Grinneli life becausejCook, Carl Ratlnel‘ and Tom
me believe in relaxation and,Bowcn. Hans Kei'mel‘ and Steve
exercise. or do We? When dldlEllenwood will play feedback
DANISH MAID
813 FOURTH
— We Feature salaries 0‘ All Kinds —
FOR '65 UNITY
IT'S
DICK ULRICH
 
the upperclass women become
too sophisticated for ship guards
and team play?
since
inn. . .
riotinna
this
inner .
in.”
am.
V
' THE KNIT
SHOP
I201 Elm St.
New for Full and Win-
her. ,
YARN
KITS
PATTERNS
Knit for Christmas
lGoalie will be Jim noble. i
 
 
 
 
For A Successful
Homecoming (Final-Wise)
Use Our Services and materials
RICHARDSON
714 PARK ST. — BE 6-3143
"No Extra Charge for Delivery
On Campus up to Gamerime"
LUMBER & SUPPLY
 
 
Page Eight
G .
by Ruth Gmcnewald
If you've crcr experienced the
ldlion that accompanied an
attempt to carry on a conversation in a foreign language,
you'll appreciate the position 01
the 16 girls occurring the Spanish House. They are or varied
backgrounds, ranging r r o m
Spanish seniors to those who've .
had high school’Spanish to one
v'io taught herself the language
t ' past summer.
occur big to house chairman
Linda Miller, the problems in.
solved iii speaking only Spanish are not as great as they
may seem. even though the girls
are forced at times to look up
everyday words like “toothv ,
brush" in the dictionary To
help solve this problem theatre vocabulary lists _posted in‘
convenient plan _ all over the .
house. Housemcelings are done
fucked entirely in Spanish, and
each girls speeds half an hour
every day in conversation.
Living with the students and .
going in- an advisory capacity *
- i Maria Teresa working, who
c me to Gl’inncll this year from
getting. Miss working was
graduated from the National
in 'cute for processors in For-
:3
live In latina, Atmosphere
documents nf the‘SpanisII House meet with advisor Ma ‘a.
Teresa working,to sing in Spanish only. The air—campus house is
new this year. Linda Miller is hall chairman.
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. September 29. [96]
l o ’ - V | n —
iHlser Addresses Teachers Institute
delta B. closer, (speech) took Shc addressed the institute on
in the present County the question "What Can BE Done
lTeachel‘s’ Institute held Monday ‘IoJmpl‘one the Level of Writing
at kidney Community School ‘and Speaking?"
SALES t. REPAIR . RENTAL
* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
‘Aﬁ series
i
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* ‘k * *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed Match Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeogrophinq
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
 
 
A Beauty "Must"
'For The Coming Social Events
Look Your Best
 
sign Languages in Buenos tires-u
where she managed in pl‘lmaryl
education, She is taking courses:
here in philosophy, sociologyi
a d Spanish literature and ﬁads
. well a good place to work
a d study,‘ In her own words,
All article researcher and wait
[an by Pat super, a Grin
senior,'was printed in the July
still issue of Nieman Reports.
.. . , :super wrote this article for an
I hke ”‘0 ”large and “‘9 per-jEllglislirjournalls‘m class last
pie, my friends, and I have‘semester
“my Pk? m? -‘°_°- . l The article, “Disinterested studies Comm ,5 3 writer as ,‘cents -vs. Interested Newspae
well as a teacher. this year there?” tells the results of a sun'r
Nieman Reports" Prints~ Huliér Story
l Call. as 6-3087
‘ For Your Next Hair Appointment _
.MODERNISTIC BEAUTY SALON,
1interest in current happenings in;
.sniall label'al arts and teachers"
colleges. The survey including
shall ol the nation’s colleges he—‘
ltween 300 and 1600 and indicators
l“that students are gradually lie—l , ,
coming more interested in cm I
rent affairs and are particularly! A MUM' FOR
interested in expression their .
‘opinions about their." .
 
 
 
sale )Im‘l‘a small volume or her tvcy taken by Iluher or accident
poems published. “I’al'entries 'ﬁss.-.‘ .,
do Sol” is the name or the Y GOP.
collection which contains, as ‘
she said, “mostly love poems." lung S
In nutrition she has great in~ H s I _
. latest in music, and site says - ear Ian ey
the guitar. 1 , /
Courses in Argentina, she‘ Representative David Stanley
says, are somewhat river-enter Muscatine County spoke at
from ours. The students, for ex. the first meeting of the Young
apple, do not take examinationsRepublicans eluh last Tuesday
for which they have prepared‘evening- The group hopes to
in advance. Instead the pl'ofesslbl'ing Senator Capchart of In.
for may give an exam at any diana to the campus in cover—
time. “You have an advantage,";her, and plans on .having Repshe said; if you fall it is be-ll'cumulative Kyle of Iowa come
cause you haven’t studied. In‘during this semester. The Young
Argentina one can fail because Republicans also are helping to
he inn’t familiar with a parties sponsor button Lewis ill's‘ visit
car aspect of a subject, Miss to the campus this week,
working thinks the courses in‘_—-, s¥
Argentina are more general king methods or ,teaching in
than thought Grinnell and don‘t both professional and technical
. go try deeply into certain,ﬁends. ,
Vsuhjects. Education there is
statesﬁcancer although some
private high schools and universities do exist.
While llel'e Miss Col‘tlna is‘ '
also working on a sociological
research project for the argentina Ministry of Education, stud:
GET ON THE STICK
VOTE FOR DICK.
U L R I C H
FOR FROSH PRES.
jCOMING soon
Grinnell's newest
 
and most modern
‘ restaurant
,7 McNalIy's
Opéking for Businessv
In Mid October
 
 
 
, . , HOMECOMING'
ngegaliiiaa SEE OUR REPRESENTATIVES
ON CAMPUS
' ' 'ICE CREAM
BATES FLOWERS
‘ 1012 Broad Street Ph: BE 6-3197
l For Your Houseparties
Lowest Pl'ages In Iowa
DAVIS
ICE CREAM co.
 
New Folding Butterfly Chairs "
NEW Hl-BACKI
 
PH. BE 6-3659
926 MAIN STREET
BUTTERFLY CHAIR
Only McGI‘egnr's has this talented Folding butterfly Choir.
holds for convenient, compact storage. No setting up or
attempting. Sturdy wroughtairou l'rainio with ruhhcr titled
legs. Kellwvnble. ivashuhle heavy fuel: Clulvils things. AvaiL
able in red. green, ycllorv or lunch.
it 2'x3' Cotton ThrowRugs pages
* 316 Cup calculator $6.95 at 30" Unfinished showcase 513.88
* Magnavox Stereo and Radios ‘ * Electric Hair Dryer $9.88
McGREGOR FURNITURE who april-y . . . total tits
* Used Lounge Chairs $4.95 up
 
 
