Fred C. less will assume post
Vacant di‘ Grinnell since I954 1
Fred C. less of Lincoln, web., has been appointed diff public relations at: Grinnell College, effective}
Match 1, Glinllell Vice President selling C. Ludwig 112151
sector
announced
less‘s new position is an added one in the p1event
Gi'install public relations pl'oglilm but under a title which,
Service.
Director oi public relations
since 1946 at Nebraska Wesleyl an University in Lincoln, less
has been in charge there of
all special events, general and
sports news, most publications
and general public relations,
several faculty-staff portrait.
teen, edited the alumni magazine, taught journalism, and
pulling 9, with the Information board of
trustees, representing
the Mid America District, or
which he is a past director. The
1district includes iowa, Nebraska
Kansas, Missouri, North Dakota
land South Dakota
, A native oi linux City, Town,
l he was graduated brown Gene
oral City (Nehi High School
l in 1931. After attending listings College for a year, he
wrote for weekly newspapers
has not been used here since 1954, when members Prescottl
(English-journalism) designed from activists ' 59W“ “5 “rise" 1° Student
in favor of palestine teaching, 7* ‘ publications
The new appointment involves and others Among these will be: He is a former me premier“
no change in present personnel :management of special public of the American College Public
As director of public relations, ‘events and supervision of the In Relations Association and was
less will assume a number confirmation Service, which has chairman of its national awards
administrative duties now can.1charge of all college news andlcommittce last year. Currently
died by Vice President Ludwiglprinting. His office will be in he is a member of the A.C.P,A
Oldest College Newspaper
activities He has also headed ,1
l over :1 period of years before
‘ reducing college work. He received his bachelor’s degree
l from Nebraska Wesleyan in
‘ 1944, after time out for World
War 11 Army service.
, Before joining the Nebraska
Wesleyan staff less worked for
the Nebraska State Journal in
,Lincoln for two years, in various editorial facilities, and was news
director for Radio Station KFOR .
there for a year.
GEtiuncll
gourmet cut 35m
 
VOL. LXVlllGrinnell College, Grinnell,
Iowa, Friday, January 26, I962
No. l4
Schedule of extracurricular workshops announced;
Includes typing, photography, marriage and family
Schedules for
workshops and art workshops
for the second someone1
tel (activities Counselor) and
Robert w. McMillan (art).
Classes in introductory methods of the Gregg shortcuts system will meet on bondage,
Wednesday and bridges from 4
to 5 p.111. for ten weeks. Emphass
is will be placed upon requiring a basic shortcuts vocabulary and applying correctly the
techniques involved.
A course in beginning typing equipment
A workshop will be. held to
have explore behavior and attitudes
been announced by Georgia gene m the areas of “mg
you1t
ship
with special emphasis on developing the participant’s
wireless and conference in
making decisions and
problems in these areas, The
workshops will be offered guess
day earnings at 7:30 and Thursday afterwards at 4.
The basic aspects of photography, including discussion of
will be offered to introduce the lighting contractors, developing,
student to the standard typing and printing. will be stud1ed one
keyboard and to assist him in
requiring speed and skill. Class
Tuesday earnings at 7:30.
Registration for these work
will meet Tuesdays and hours- 5110135. which may be completed
day afterwards from 4 to 5.
centuries who are experts
‘ in their fields will discuss the
various aspects of family fin~
once in meetings to be held
l
in the offices of the Dean of
Men and Dean of Women, will
Close Tuesday, Jan. 30. A feeds
.3150 is charged for participation
in each of these workshops. Thel
Frank lane will visit Grinnell
As Seasongood college visitor
Frank lane, chairman oi the
Advisory Commission of intergovernmental Relations in Washington, D.c., will be the Seasongood College Visitor at Grinnell,
Tuesday and Wednesday, Feb, 6
and 7.
Tuesday night, Feb. 6, he will
speak on “Government in the
1960’s” in counter Lounge in an
all-college lecture. His schedule
also will include meetings with
college groups, and conversations
with individual students.
Since 1957 when the Seasons
good program was initiated to
honor Murray Seascngood, more
mar mayor at Cincinnati, Ohio,
experienced practitioners
students of government and pub»
llc administration have been
brought to some 30 U. s. computer, The program aims particularly at stimulating interest in
local government.
Other Grinnell Seasongoad Visitors have included Dr. John
state and local government, in
1955 and, last year, Paul Apple»‘
and '
frank inn,
by, Grilmell olympus and formal
gel/evident official author and ,"legs Contest" as well as for the (Golux).
r jason, specialist in American execute,
SOCIAL CALENDAR 1
Friday, January 26
7:30 and 10:15 pm.~Special Film Sales—Charlie ships
win remedies (50 minutes)
3:30 p.m.—Drama7“The
Theater
Saturday, January 27
a: 00 p m.
3:30 pm iDramzl— The
Theater
Thirteen Clocks," Roberts
—Special Film Seliesichailie charlie remedies
Thirteen Clocks, ” power ts
9:00 p.m—ICe Skating Party with rCfreshmentS
$200 pm.7Union Party With Band
and marriage interaction,‘
self-a-,
solving ,
picture composition, I
extracurricularl Wednesday earnings at 71.30 workshops will begin the week
of Feb. 5.
The extracurricular workshops in art will begin Monday, Jan. 29, Classes in dynamics will meet on Monday air
versions iron. 4 to 6, Tues—
days from 4 to 6 and 7:30 to
9:30, Wednesdays from 2 to 4
days front 4 to s.
Workshops in jewelry will
meet on Monday, Tuesday and
Thursday afterwards from 4 to‘
6 and on Tuesdays and Wednes-l
plays from 7:30 to 9:30.
Painting classes will meet on
Monday and Thursday earnings
from 7 to 10.
All groups are limited to ten
students and registration is lime
11 item to one workshop per per
son. pitch classes have begun,
however, announcement of open
l
places in the workshops will be‘
made.
Winter carnival
To be held here
The first winter carnival all
Grinnell in several years is be-
‘ing planned by Roger Sternberg,
North Campus Social Chairman,T
for February 9 and 10.
Highlights oi the weekend will
include a variety show on Friday evening featuring a
contest" for both men and wo
men.
night Preliminaries are being
king.
Plans for Saturday afternoon
include a skating show planned
hockey game, and :1 mens to»
morgan race on Central campus
fascinating the weekend will,
,today night at which time a
she queen will be chosen from
,candidates selected by the mens‘
[calls
1 There will be cash prizes of
ls7. 50 for each winner of the
 
'1 winning the “twist
1 contest ”
Couple in
Additional information will :11)peter in next Week’s 3&3.
college church
Mr. george Allen (philosophy
l
l
1
land religion) will speak in Hm- was a speaker at the recent two discussion,
rick chapel
,king at 11:30 His topic will be
“reward the rubber-lucky."
and 7:30 to 9:30 and Thin“: l
“legs ‘
by Grinnell's professional seat.
ing instructor a womens brook]
lbs 3 Sam formal dance on fatal
louis semester as
w... .1 .1. More 1.... South African victorian will teach
visiting lectures
A distinguished victorian from South Africa, Ronald
B. Ballingel', has been named
ing lectures at Gl'innell Col
the \britney- -Fulbligllt Visitlege for this semester.
' While llel'e, Ballingel will teach an introductory college
on Africa in the twentieth century, in addition to giving public
creatures. The senior lectures in
lhistory at the University of W1t-‘
,understand (Johannesburg, he is
‘Currently at the University of
‘Rhode Island as
‘copyright lectures.
in 1954 from the University of
Cambridge, England, after attend
ing phones University College,
where he obtained a BA. degree
in history and politics and a B A
with honors in history He also
1 England.
Called “one of the university‘s processors who has taken
a lead in speaking out {or the
need to give more positive tone
to current racial policies in the
Union of South Africa,” wallpaper is now doing research
work on an inquiry into the
country‘s external 'relations
since becoming a union.
He is also the recipient of a
grant from the United States—
South Africa Exchange Program
to continue his studies on Southl
africa and the United Nations
for the Oxford University Press.
wallpaper is one of five persons,
now in the United States underl
the britney copyright features
ship. conducted by the britney
lFoundBtiOn in CO- operation with
the United States Department or
State l
 
chamber play WI
8 shit"ey'lAudil'or's
He received his M. Litt. degrees
has attended Oxford University,‘
.1ng hours: Monday through Fri—
lday.
Cabinet
picks
~-,Cool< to JElke
post
Don Cook was selected by the
Executive Cabinet Monday night
,to the post of student auditor.
Cook who served as assistant
auditor this year, proceeds John
M blogger.
David R. Brown was chosen
as the assistant auditor. Both
Cook and Brown will take oi<
price immediately and will serve
thorough the first semester of
the 1962— 63 school year.
The Student visitors office
will be open during the follow-
l2:00» ' 0 and natural'
10:55—11:00 am. (for purpose of
listing southern only).
Junior liberal arts
Essay examinations
Are Jan 31, Feb. 1
The essay sec'tion of the
Junior Liberal Arts examine—
tions for the Class of ’63 will
be given Tuesday, Jan. 31 and
Wednesday, Feb. 1, The tests
will begin both days at 8:30
am in the Women: gym.
ll be presented
Tonight, tomorrow In Robert's
by Ray Obsfelﬂt
lClocks” will be presented in
Tonight and tomorrow evening at 8 “The Thirteen
roberts Theater. A fantasy,
The ﬁnals of the “twist “The Thirteen Clocks" is adapted for the stage by Alvali
lcontest" will also be held that Stanley from the novel by James chamber
It is a traditional childrens story of the brave prince,
lcleverly satisfied both the try
national tale and the typical adult
attitude toward such tales.
For stanley, who also designed the production, as well as
for the entire drama reports ment, “Thirteen Clocks" is an
important “first." The production will make extensive use oi
the new sound equipment re-
,gently installed in the theater.
The leads in the play ar »
lMichael gui (prince), Barbara
Hansen (princess), David Pal
Inel' (duke) and keith Tracy
tickets for the two
,weekend performances are ob l
available at the Union. perform l
‘angel are also scheduled r01
lspl 111g but they will be for chip‘
ldlcns groups only
lVelma river speaks
Mrs. delta B. l-laser, (speech)
1
l
l
l
and conference held at
College of Iowa, Cedar
shop
State
l
held in the union tomorrow eVE- beautiful p needs and wicked duke, but chamber has also
hearings by HUAC
lExplained in movie
The ﬁlm, "Operation Correction, will be shown in Roberts
Theater on Tuesday evening,
Feb. 20, at a
The Northern California Civil
libraries Union has produced
he ﬁlm as an answer to the
charges made in "Operation
evolution 1' The ﬁlm attempts to
put the events of the San iran.
cisco hearings of the House UnAmerrcan Activities Committee
into a proper perspective
“Operation Correction” is being brought to Crlnncll by the
Grinnell Student Government
Association.
at SCI conference
Falls. She took part in a panel
“Speech employee
this Sunday mm- day elementary Leaders works merit a Whose Responsibility?".
her subject being ”On Listen.
111g.”
 
Page Two
ﬁrarlrt and 331ml:
Grinnell, Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE
n weeks ncwsmncr published much Friday ofvl'ne collect
» by Ilia) o 'nn Committee on Student _publications, r.
. ch . h mcscnlcd [or nnhnmfl non-using
-, mc. ouhccc Publvg‘lieiswlsco‘
lesentzlY-lee, up . ' , ms. as
VI sun-0nd class nullsr .u du- pcsc omcc cc cornell. lo undo!
the not of March 3, ms Subscnpucn rate 54.50 per school
 
by
cum- , . h... lib-cu
NC“: cdna} 'n Slim Gloxsmllu
, , sun, n, no». u
nu..." cum”. cusp"
, ch. chris, sun in»
cum." nancy
Sandy Kent
mt nu..-
, in.“ Harlan
Geolgc Buck
in“ numJudr games
use. can.
su. cum
Assufmw News
Copy Editor ,
Assisumt can
soon: Editors
Piwl editors .
ASSISLIM. pdf null
Feature Edlwc ,. , ,,
chief Pimmgmmcc
iiunncss Manager
Circulation Manager
Luyoul ilnnngcl-
Ad salesmen ,
Busmus Asslsu.
niacin-s .
m him.
f.
. Lcsllc ismslcuen,
Back to the fold
Every year about this time the old and registered exp
editor site down, and with sustenance provided by the
journalistic must, Jim Beam, writes a few inSlpld sentences
in way of reflection and added. >
We are not sorry about the words which made our
opponents see “ref," nor are we keeping dollars over the
occasional gained expressions we have brought to our
friends who are always basically right. Our job has been
to excuse debate, allow configuration of that debate and
occasionally draw some editorial conclusions to that debate.
The enterprise, however exciting, has not always been
an easy one, The college newspaper, contrary to popular
opinion, does not spring full grown from the ink updated
breast of the editor on Friday earnings. It involves many
hours of work by many unpaid people, and a good deal of
effort on the part of editors, writers and columnistshproofreaders, copy-readers, died-writers, print-shop assistance
and the.like. To all of these, and the many faculty mere
bars, administration and friends who have printed moral
support, we extend a concern thank-you,
We are happy to turn over the office keys and the
editorial page to people as capable as Jim Hatfield, Larry
tracker, Ken Schiff et al, In suite of a pleasant and en»
lightening experience, “We" are very happy to be “I" a-
gain,
Nancy royal
Grey matter
We have often heard the charles and Black come under fire for not giving adequate representation to “the
conservative opinion” on campus.
Our columns, it has been claimed, reflect only the
views of a few “ultra—minerals." Many times the number of
letters to the editor concerning a single issue weight more
heavily towards ”the left."
To those who make these complaints we can only
point out that we have tried to obtain “conservative” opinion pieces and have met with little response
In further effort to wider the scope of opinion preSented in the 38:13 we are receiving a column, “Grey Mat—
her," to which we invite contributions i on any subject,
reflection any opinion, Contributions must be typewritten,
doublespaced, not more than 1000 words and bear the name
of the author. '8. 1241 .
Next week, S. 1241, a bill authorities the use of Federal funds for 1) rehabilitation and expansion of academic
facilities at U. S. colleges and universities and 2) grants
to the same or similar institutions for scholarship programs
is scheduled to come before the Senate. (A companion bill,
HR. 7215 will go to the House of Representatives)
While S. 1241 would seem to be a partial answer to
many an institution's financial ills it must be pointed out
that the scholarship portion of the bill is phrases as an
amendment to part of the National Defense Education Act.
If passed, the federal scholarship program would continue
to be viewed as an element of national defense and would
thus fall under royalty path and disclaimer affidavit regu—
nations of the NDEA.
Such a bill would likely never receive support by those
thirty colleges, including Grinnell, which have withdrawn
from the NDEA program. And it would probably not be
looked upon with favor by the additional 146 schools who
have publicly stated their disapproval of the disclaimer requirement.
However, Senate bill 1241, because of its promise of
funds for campus expansion as well as grants for scholarships, becomes, in our eyes, a much bigger reader apple from
the forbidden tree. And, should the bill be passed, we
sympathize with those schools who so badly need the funds
and who will be related to take them at the expense of
agreeing to the disclaimer clause.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Convolvulus
Ed note: Opinion columns by Ken Schilf and Larry Smuckcr
appear for the ﬁrss time in this week’s charles and Black. They
will be regular or semirregular features of the 5&3 throughout this semester and next. A title for tracker‘s column is our-
gently under registration by the author.
by Ken Schiff
Suddenly having the important
its to declare my opinion on
anything 1 please is a very end
llghlcning experience. lFor the
first lime I am faced with the
possibility that i have no opens
sons. At least I can‘t think of
thing to Say.
anything to say,
The past week has been a
search for a subject for this column, a scintillating, heretofore
uncunsldcrcd, and prospective
subject. The search was stainless.
although 1 considered numerous
ideas: the role of the intellectual
in a nuclear holocaust, Horatio
older and his influence on American letters, a well-adjusted
sophomore class of respondents,
Sheldon P. either, pros and cons
of wrapping, coffee hours on subv
tests like “Can We Trust Floris
dd?” and ”The Liberal Arts Col»
lcgc in the first of Population
Explosion,” and valley ball I,M.’s
All these, however, failed to
satisfy me for one reason or
another. I even spent a morning
in the sen; cfflcc going through
llc newspapers as far back as
the days of mazda Tushnet and
Doc inventory to see if I could
learn from authority.
An easy way to avoid this
problem simply would he to
write a political column, but
this is exactly what I don't
want fa do. (in my very round
about manner, I have finally
arrived at my point.) 1 am can»
viewed that tablet is more
important tllfui a so mention
courtesy Grinnell College slut
deals should fast for three days
on the Steps of the New York
Public Library to demonstrate
their support of J. D. cylinder's
Cultural Renaissance Race. But
in a time of crisis, such as new,
when people feel a great need
for immediate and extended action, it is important that the
more operated and aristocratic.
although somewhat beautifully
unuscful. factors of a person's
existence not be ignored. I think
we should all remember that
what we are trying lo preserve
is a culture ,not a political meter
anime.
At the Washington group's coffee hour last semester, the ldcc
for an intensive and extended
enlargement study group to investigate the problems of enlargement in its entire scope,
both pro and can, was suggested.
11. was mentioned that this would
be the ideal factor for all the
departments of a liberal arts eds
station to commerce about, since
the consideration of lhls problem
involves political science, history,
nuclear physics. engineering,
chemistry, biology, psychology.
philosophy, the state of man, etc.
Although i agree with the plan,
i believe that this kind of reasoning is deadly to a liberal arts
education the purpose of which
is to broader rather than direct
one's education. This may seem
like a fine point and perhaps it
is. But i am making a plea for
bomb and there are certainly
too few people aware of it.
This is not to say that I think
a de-emphasis cm the totally p0»
optical approach to life which
previous.
by Larry tracker ,
Grllinell is in an experimenting mccd. People are receive.
This spirit pf entertainment with the status que trusted when
the faculty turned January’s break calendar into a “classical”
void, when 14 students treated to Washington, D, c., and when
a small group of men ventures beyond the Sacrosanct combines
of her-Gothic North campus to house elsewhere.
This quiet exodus is loaded with significance for that moving
divinityrthe Grinnell hall system. Fulm-c policy on the issue of
off-campus housing will decide whether the arrangement is to
be more mature and flexible or whether the men's calls will remain Sacred fourvyear laboratories fm‘ one’s soul.
Grinnell‘s strict onrcampus residence tradition was broken
last year when the admissions office miscalculated in accepting
freshmen. After an unsatisfactory experiment with female stud
cents in the college’s first population explosion outlet—Park
Street, llc administration felt that male students make better offcampus surplus.
A few north campus refugees even rendered beyond Park
Street into the wide world of npcl-lmcnls. imlc and assistant
handhelds and neighbors who final even the most odious of
former galleries. But these expatriates have found they like living off campus. There is quiet for study, cheaper room cost and
above all, more personal freedom.
For some college authorities the off—campus situation is temp.
ol'ai‘y; when the student body has been based down to size, all
men will be placed again within'the belly of the sacred cow.
components of a right hall system (where only the married or
continually inform are allowed off campus argue that the exoatriates indicate their hall responsibility. If upperclassmen continue to move off, we are told, the hall system, whose success depends on a Competent CofHP, will fail.
This line of reasoning is based on an assumption that has
happened the hall system in the pascezhat one good and painted
opportunity must assume sole responsibility for hall safety each
year. Th solution, if any really exists. is more delegation of
responses ty, especially for the maintainance of order, among a
wider group of hall members. The house providence and top
browse council jobs should be open as far down as the sophomore
c ass.
My final word to hall parents is simply that any residence
system works more effectively on a voluntary rather than on a
creative basis. The hall system has merit, but policies regarding
offrcampus “message" must be flexible. Let’s hope that antiquarian
nations of the system do not pressure further offrcampus expert»
migration.
Friday, January 26, I962
letters
To the Editor:
1 would greatly appreciate it
if you would publish the follows
mg letter I have addressed lo
your student body. 1 am a plug
sent also, attending Capital Radio
Engineering institute in washington, DC, and I am very m if
interested in our national affairs.
Three cheers for Grinnell
Ccllcgc, Gl'innell, Iowa. Hip.
Hip Hooray, Hi - Hip- Hooray,
Hip- Hl13~ Hooray. Students cf
Grinnell College, as a fellow std.
sent, I salute you. The "Hunger
Strike" you recently stated in
cm- nation’s Capitol to protest
nuclear testing was a intro ' s
thing.
You have shown themselves to
be leaders in Ou)‘ nation. As you
were staying your “Hunger
Strike,” other schools started
sending their students to our nav
lion’s Capital for the Same our—
pose. Yes, 1 say again, this is
dangerous.
Yes. this is dangerous all
right. dangerous for the compile-lists. This is just what they
want. Who do you think was
behind the incidents in South
America when Vice-President
simon was there, behind llc
student projects in Japan that
kept r event Eisenhower
from v ng that country?
The columnists, that‘s who.
It was reported in the Washington Post and Times Herald
that your entire student body
Went on n hunger strike for one
whole day and that the students
who were sent to Washington
were focused from their classes
by the faculty. Students of Grin—
well, i don’t know who eliminate
ed this asinineidea,but rm Sure.
if you dig back far enough you
will find a Communist somewhere. i know this will be hard
to do because it probably occurred that everybody on cam.
put had the same idea of the
hunger strike all at once.
Am i right? The columnists
are steady that way. They am.
plant the idea and then drop
back and let somebody else Show
up with egg on their face.
If I didn‘t personally know
two of your students I would
have never heard of Grinnell
until your hunger strike, but
li‘om what I have gathered
from these people it appears
the average intellectual capable as are on a par with those
of Harvard, Yale, Princeton, or
MIT. That is Why I was so
amazon when I heard about
this hunger strike.
Students of Grinnell, 1 clear
with you, let’s build America up
instead of hearing it down. it’s
really a good place to live, but
it won’t be for~ long if you all
keep going at this rate.
in closing, 1 want to thank
you. I have heard rumors about
columnists infiltrating our col—
pages and universities, but i never
knew which ones. Now i know.
It’s the smaller ones where
they‘re starting. Do you forestry
believe the other schools follow—
ed your initiative? The columnists had it all planned to look
that way, but it was all worked
out ahead of time. Your school
first, then the rest to locks
the youth of America was up in
arms against our government
and cm- way of life.
M. slide Douglass
ON STAGE IN DES MOINES
Music
Sunday, January 28:
Friends of Music decimal:
Chamber music # Coiltrdlto
married M o o f e, Violinist
relax Ponzlanl, tourist Patricia Stephenson; Des
holmes Art Center, 4 pm.
Sunday, February 11:
Friends of Music decimal:
Chamber music A competitions for clavichord and
harpsichords, Edward swiss
and James cartoon; Des
points Art Center, 4 p.m.
Sunday, February 25:
Madrigal:
College
Des points Art Center, 4
p.m.
Concert of Jewish Music—TifA
earth Israel warehouse audi-
sodium, 8:15 p.m.
Stage
Monday, January 29:
“The month Man” 7 daddy
Chayefskyls modern version
of the Dybbuk legend;
KENT Theater, 8:30 pm.
rnlday, February 9:
“Prescription for Murder" _
Dmmc with Joseph gotten,
lines Moorehead, Thomas
Mitchell: lKRNT Theater,
2:30 and 8:30 pm.
Concert; Simpson
Madrigal fingers;
Sunday, February 11:
“Grand Ole Opry"—Country»
western fingers; KRNT
Theater, a and B p,m,
Thursday, February 22:
“From Paris With Love"
Genevieve’s musical review;
KENT Theater, 3:30 p.m.
lvnsccllaneous
Saturday and Sunday, Feb. 3-4:
Foreign Students’ Weekend—
Annual program of exhibits,
singing, authentic cancer;
KRNT Theater and Veterans
Memorial Auditorium.
Wednesday, February 7:
Investors’ ForumﬁTalks, questions, discussion; KENT
Theater, 3 p.m.
 
Friday. January 26, I962
nursing library Foreign student weekend
:To feature numerous activities
Receives $750
A grant or 5750 has been The north annual Foreign Stuawardcd to our-line Library student weekend will be Feb. 3-4
the Association of College and m Des holmes. it has been citysearch Libraries, a division of, nouncedthe American Library estonia~‘ The schedule for the weekend
tion, it was announced Wednes- includes a function at the Hotel
day by Grinnell Librarian Henry hardwood at noon on Saturday,
older, followed by a visit to Veterans
The gm,“ made .0 Grimell.Auditorium where months from
was one of 70 selected from 90 nations, stuffed by foreign
among 348 applicationsv Th9, students will be set up for inter
Grants Program this year was.
made possible by the following,
companies and corporation four—I
nations; McGrawVHill Publishing;
may talks with visitors.
Saturday’s schedule will con-
crude with a dinner at the KRNTI
SCARLET AND BLACK
liar everyone, on stage.
. Sunday from 2 to 4 p.m. everybody will meet at the Statehouse
:for the finals of the program.
‘ Transportation will be provided for by the IRC Club. Over
night accommodations for North
‘American students will be in
homes of Grinnell Alumni.
Cost for the trip will be $1.25
Ifor the function on Saturday,
land $1 for the evening meal on
I Saturday.
Anyone wishing to go should
Page Three
Opportunity for European study
Provided in ‘Classrooms Abroad'
 
 
Eleven groups, each contain-'
mg 20 to so Amer an college
students. will be selected to‘
form seminars in various Euro.
plan cities next summer to
study the language, culture and
civi'nation or these countries
during a nine-week stay.
designed for the student who
does not plan to see all of Eur
rope in one summer, Classrooms
Abroad, which sponsors the pros
gray, attempts to give him a
more proposed cxpericnccthroug
Co., Micro—card Foundation, M
.pro Photo, inc., National Bi
suit Co., Olin Mathieson Chem
cal Corp, PitneyrBowes, 1n
Reader’s Digest, Time. Inc. and
the United States Stccl douglas
tion, inc.
The ACRL Grants Program
was initiated in 1955 with a grant
of $30,000 from the U. 5. Steel
Foundation. The program, direct.
ed to the general needs of all
colleges and universities, is designed for improving the quality
of library service to higher edt—
nation through fundamental re—
search in librarianship and
otherwise adding in the best use
of the most modern teaching and
learning materials.
The Grinnell grant, to be
matched by other college funds,
will be used to start purchase
of the British Museum Catalog of
Printed Books.
TwistL contest
Will highlight
Party in union
The Peppermint Lounge moves
to Grinnell to become the scene
of the first union party of the
year tomorrow night. Ken Des
want and his Banners will provide music for the occasion.
According to John Gleysteen,
union chairman, precipitation
will be held at that time for the
twist contest in the variety show
on Feb. 9. Three Couples will be
selected to compete in the finals.
Hours for the party are from
0 to 12, and requirements will
be served during the evening.
Grinnell gets
 
Three iran'l's
Three new grants to be used
for Various purposes have been
made to Grinnell, President
Howard R ,women has announced. The grants, which total $5,803,
represent confirmation of the
annual aid-tD-education programs
of the three don0r5#the DuPont
Company, the Shell Companies
Foundation, and the Gulf Oil
Corporation.
The $4,000 DuPont grant in—
causes $2,500 for financing the
teaching of chemistry and $1,500
for “strengthening the teaching
of other subjects important in
the education of scientists.” Grinnell has been included in the
DuPont program for each of the
past. several years.
The Shell Assists grant of
$1,500 is divided in things, $500
for investigated use, 3500 for
the additional professional de-
equipment of individual faculty .
members. This is the fifth year
Grinnell has been included in
the Shell Assists program.
The Gulf grant of 5303, investigated as to use, is part of
a four-year-old program designed to help promote a bad-
added educational program in -
each of 650 accredited senior
colleges and universities and
to encourage increased final»
cinl support by their alumni.
Each of these gifts to Grin-I
well will bring an additional 50
percent in matching funds from
the Ford Foundation, which recently offered the college a
grant of up to $2,000,000 if Grinnell will raise up to $4,000,000 in
other rights in a three~year period
ending June 30. 1964.
  
    
iTheatre at 5:30, followed by at
1 program of entertainment by the
foreign students, and a dance.
Joseph D. Danforth (cheats.
try) left last weekend With five
other scientists for Pakistan,
where the group will investigate
the possibility of starting a
unique program for undergradillate scientific study abroad.
Other members of the group,
which will spend a month in
iPakistan, are a second consist;
Robert hamburg of the driver-1
site of midlands; two physicistst
R. Ronald Palmer of Beloit Col-I
large and Louis walter of Wabash
College; and two biological, Harold Hansen of St. Olaf college‘
.New and oct 'la
t
On campus sec
Five new students will enter
Grinnell this week, according to
title admissions price. Two of
the students, Susan Cherry of|
0sword, Ill, and Mrs, Marguerite Phelps ,1 Grinnell, are sophomorc transfers. The other three
customers are Pegl spanish,
Harvey Kahn and Howard
screen, all freshmen from chicago.
In addition to those offerings
for the first time will be seven
Grinnell students who are returning after a semester away
fromcampus. MaryAlice Lucien
is returning from Argonne National Laboratories, and Jean.
anne webster, Fred Jacobbergcr
and Peter click will return
New S and B states
Receive final o.k.
Jim Hatfield and georgia
Buck this week received officer appointments as editor and
business manager of the S&B’,
from the Committee on Student?
Publications. ’
Hatfield and Buck, along With
their states, were responsible
for two trial issues of the map.
el- before their sensitive account— ,
meets, made on Oct. 31, 1961,i
could be confirmed. The trials
issues appeared Nov. 17, 1961,
and Jan. 12, 1962. Hatfield replaced 1961 editor Nancy Page].
Buck replaced Jon person in
his position.
 
Start the Second Semester i
off right. Let us supply all oi .
the requirements for your
sweet tooth.
 
* COOKIES ,
I: it clear nous 1
'1 * DECORATED CAKES
BROWN'S i
BAKERY
23674386 i
Across from City Library I
s l
 
 
Joseph D. Danforth now in Pakistan to organize
'Year abroad' program for American students
, _ more proposed experience
Place his name in the IRC box. through a summer of living in
He will receive further word; one or the following cities: her—
about transportation. Ilin, Munich or Tubingen in her-
and weight jackson of journal timely familiar language there. i
College. ; If investigation proven they
The US, State Department is 1plan possible, selected American!
financing the project in copper .students will be invited to Stu»
union with the Associated Col- dy at assistant colleges during
legal oi the Midwest, of which,their junior year under a pro.
Grinnell, Beloit, and St. Olaf tgram which will permit them to
arc all members, and the great:complete standard American
Lakes College Association. jsciencc courses while assistant-
Pakistan was selected for the ring the culture of a foreign
project, which was originally land- Heretofore. such junior-l
proposed by Dr- Maybllry. be. yearrabroad programs have been;
cause u had added to the useful primarily to students in‘.
us. State Department for humanities nurses- .'
scientific aid, briefly in the 1 Earlier this month, Danfortht
form of laboratory equipment, aspect two days at Elmhurst Cola.’
and because English is a rcla- legs as a visiting scientist un-I
Idar the American Chemical notes to appear
‘Clety’s Special visitors' program,‘
0nd semester leather lectures l
throw a semester in Washington.
 
t
Joanne noble, Bob Taylor and l
Mikc Horowitz arc back at n 0" a o a‘
Grinnell after a semester of
have, and work dildo S. Walker (biology)
,traveler as a visiting scientist
;to the University of South Da-I
kota, in permission, where he
Political meets
Are schedule gziivzhidFliit’lay.literally 52%;,
Former President Harry S.I The first of Walker’s lectures}
Truman will be in Des points‘was to the rotary department,‘
to speak at the brake‘driver- on “Cell Wall Metabolism ml
my Law School Alumni dinner Plants." The second, “Chemical'
on Feb. 20. According to Q. Ed-installation of Plant Growth,“
win Gilmour (political silence) .was given at the Academic Year
tickets are available to Grinncli-msmg,e General Seminar.
students and faculty mom‘ours art
means announce .
$5.00 each.
New York Governor Nelson A,
powerseller will be the featured
speaker at the annual fundraising dinner of the Republican
State Central Committee of Iowa D - l, - _
in Des points the evening oi “““g “3 ”mg “men
February 1. Regular tickets at‘| “My? w“: not! harm"
32500 are available, but due to 3'“ e _ ”:3 ea” "1"”;
space limitations special student "1 ”m“ ""“g ”ml 3“
and faculty tickets cannon be “Tm“ Will not he rernbtained. I fitted to out early dinner
in Cowlcs dining room, ac»
working to Miss Evelyn
partner and Stephen 13.
Wood, student means.
joining regulation ‘
The Program in Practical Political Education will secure tickets
to both events upon request and:
will assist in meeting transportation needs.
 
 
 
DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO
WOULD ENJOY
AN ADVENTURE —
IN — HAWAII?
Clip the letter. sign and mail to G well Travel
Center. 930 Main. We'll mail with folder to "Mom
and Dad."
 
 
DEAR MOM AND DAD:
I am asking Grinnell Travel Center to send
you a folder on their trip to Hawa leaving Iowa
on March 3. Mr. and Mrs. morris. travel agents. and
Mr. and Mrs. Waﬂ'. local editors. are going along.
Sounds like fun. Would you like to go?
With love.
 
 
 
many; Vienna, Austria; Besanv
Ethics.”
con, Grenoble or eau in France;
Neuchatel in Switzerland; Madrid or alexander in Spain, and
Florence, 1talk.
grades. classes
Lions of six to ten students, each
under the supervision of Ameri-
can and native processors, will.
deal with the reading of clause—
cal and modern texts, the daily
press. contemporary problems,
conversation and composition,
communication and grammar.
students also hear lectures
on history and literature and
meet outstanding possibilities.
They have full addition pro
pages at the university in each
of the selected towns and cities and participate in all act—
comic and social activities
with German. musician, French,
Swiss, Spanish and Italian students.
Members of Classroom Abroad
live with private families in
each city, cat many of their
meals with their hosts, and
share in the activities of their
sons and daughters. They also
have apple opportunities to
meet young people from student, religious, and political organizations.
Regular attendance at they—
term, concerts and movies as well
as visits to museums, libraries,
batteries, youth organizations,
and other points of interest are
included in the program.
Each group follows its seven»\week stay in a city or town
with an optional two-week
tour of German, French, Span.
iso or Italian areas, Since
most programs end in mid—
August, participants have a
chance to remain in Europe
for pn'vatc travel.
Classrooms abroad
font-i. p. 4, col. 1
Philosophers
Host speaker
This evening
”The Concept of Liberty" will
be discussed at tonight’s phi—
losophy club dinner in the p
vatc dining room by John numbers, professor of philosophy at
Brooklyn College.
posters, who is a native of
cells, has written principally in
the areas of value. His books include ”Meaning and Truth in the
 
 
_Arts" and “Human Conduct: An
introduction to the problems of
 
NOW SHOWING
ENDS MONDAY
CONTINUOUS SUNDAY
It's A Free-FDr—AII
 
lllllllESl
' lllll
' lilllllllH
Illll
lllllll
EHMMIMEX
 
 
 
 
 
in Small Sec-,
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. January 26. I962
 
Nancy hotel I
Receives award ,
From Theta__Sig_§
Nancy hotel received the Mat. ‘
six award for outstanding work
in campus journalism at last .
week‘s Theta Sigma Phi and
Sigma Delta Chi dinner: The
award, which is presented annually -by Theta Sigma Phi, the
national professional journalism
fraternity for women, honors
Miss hotel for her service as
past editor oi the 5&3.
At the some dinner, Robert
M. white ll, former editor of
the New York Herald—Tribune
and guest speaker for the event,
said it was essential .that the
press remain free from outside
controls in order to maintain
democracy in the United States. Nancy hotel receives congratulations from
Pat super, .him Hatﬁend. Miriam kelly and Robert M. White, II, after being awarded the p ‘ ‘
Theta Sigma Phi Matrix award for outstanding . Miss kelly. who made the presentation. Is the Across from Posf Of Ice
. , , , contributions to campus journalism. Miss hotel,i _ . _ _
Is also regional director at Slg- 1961 editor or the charles and Black, was given l women’s professional Journalism fraternity. Hat—
ma Delta Chi. the award following a dinner address last week 1 field is 1962 charles and Black editor.
White is currently cureditcr
and eo—publisher of the Mexico
Evening merger, Mexico, Mo. He
Students are offered opportunity
To visit Washington for a week
Grinnell students have been as many as 20 students from
offered the opportunity to spend |colleges and universities in the
a week in Washington, DC, be- state.
more Congress adjourns in JU-l To be eligible, students must
1y or August. as house guests of the Iowa residents with above
Iowa compression average scholastic standing. FreThe pI'OJ'ecti list announced service will be given those of
by the Iowa Citizenship Clear- Junior standing who have shown
ing House and nil-Sponsored by 3.. were“ in palm;
the Democratic and Republican1 applicants may be oem...
Parties oi Iowa, will finance ted from Ed..." cum..." (p01,.
travel and other expenses political science), director oi the
, ' , . . Program in Practical Political
GOOdlll‘OdS l0 VISIT Education, in his Blum house of-
‘ file. Deadline for application is
Southwest colleges Wt,
Norman Goodbrod, (music) and
his wire, married (situation) vibrators plan
left Tuesday for a two months’ ,
visit to several colleges and uni- A M h
varieties in Arizona and bali- + oanU‘I' I
bosnia. About 50 Grinncll students master Hotel. 1
Goodbrod, on leave from the will “bizrate" to plymouth
college the second semester to and Knox colleges next Friday
continue a study on the use 9i and Saturday to see three Fiovlsual and: _m teaching of music need athletic teams in action
theory, will observe music against their Illinois opponents,
classes at Arizona State driver- according to Social Coordinator
site (Tempe), the University of Bin oem“...
Arizona (Tucson), San Diego l . _
State College, the University of A “W “mm“ "58""
. . tions are now being taken by
Southern California, and Po~ .
cum College. SharonMiller. Total costoitbc
two-day trip is $11. Included
in that. price are meals, trans-
B u rain g 9 9+5 portntioii, and hotel account—
_ . nations Friday night.
if The migration will begin FriColumbla g! t .i on as. wit.
A gm of so longsplaymg for, from Grinncll for plymouth,
umbia Masterworks records haslIIL, where the Pioneers meet
been presented to the Grinnell the Spots in swimming and
library by Columbia Records, wrestling at 4 Dim. and_in basaccording to Librarian Henry ketball at 7:30. followed the
older. The new records, whichlgame, the group will travel to
have been placed in the libTBW'SlGalesburg, 111., where reservaestablished circulation collection, mm have been made at the
are mostly classical music, how-
lFishman is
lContributor
,To new book
living Y. Fishman (biology)
is the author at a portion of a,
book, ”psychological and Belhavioral Aspects of Taste,” edited by harley care and Bruce
gallery and published by the
University of Chicago Press.
Fishman’s contribution is the
‘result of a conference on “Taste"
held last year at Cornell University, under sponsorship of the
National institutes of Health
and the National Science Faun-nation. At that conference he
was a participant in and finder-1
atom oi the section on “Neural;
Response Patterns in Taste." i
visit to games 1
Knox next week
Saturday the vibrators will
see Grinnell meet Knox in
swimming and wrestling at 1:30
pm. and in basketball at 7:30.
6% convention
Planned for March.
The Student Senate commit—‘
tee on contributions is now con—
ordering proposed constitutional
changes, according to Speaker
Cameron leadership. Plans are
also being made for the forth—
coming SGA convention which
has been effectively scheduled
for Saturday, March 3. At that
time two candidates will be see
listed for the SGA presidential
race,
 
1ar weekly sessions Wednesday,
iFeb. 7.
 
ever, some contemporary-light
and semirclassical music is also CINNAMON ROLLS
included.
forward jefferson, president' , of Columbia Records, a division, The FINEST
of the Columbia Broadcasting
System, made the presentation Food hi.
on behalf of the company.
Classroom abroad
month. from p. 3, col, 5 , Serve
Full information on this sum~
mar plan may "be obtained by Friendly Atmosphere
writing to Classrooms Abroad,
Box 4171 University Station,
Minneapolis 14, Minn.
"via-inns me Most PuzleNa plus
moments of our pulling are n the
regards.jAmtyiwaLitoeurmanen- One Block From
lvcndwdarld Iirllm oylhadoxyi PIMmI'vlg
incl/oi ‘dl'dual.’ The Liberal a tooth to The Campus
brandon Iris published role a: lIic but—
older. Never mind that he has thickness
avallndlhc hats. animation] inn rock- OPEN
in. their by the White Hlmsc channel.
In til: imagination, pic willforwcy play
(he sci/relay" or his r,.,.o..nice..hair. 5:00 AM. TO 8:00 P.M.
W’WW‘I'JWW atmiiomirrwcw.
the hcyell‘z and w In. (in, copy,
bmw’lwfidnle" iso .355!.,vaYulk SHRIMPS CARRY OUT SERVICE
l6,N.Y.
 
STEAKS
Grinnell
d In A
 
‘by White, editor of the Mexico, M0., merger,
nn “How [a Control the Press." super ls prev-
! event of Grinnell‘s Chapter at Sigma Delta Chi.
nresidem of Grinncll chapter nf Theta Sig —
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
‘ l our Laboratory.
l Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. 0D.
0 ptomel’risk‘
 
 
BATES FLOWERS
1012 Broad Street. Grinnell. Iowa
 
 
 
Stop in and see our
Fine Selection of naked Goods
DANISH MAID
818 FOURTH
— We Feature salaries OI All Kinds —
 
 
 
 
MAKE A CLEAN BREAK
WITH LAST SEMESTER
START RIGHT AND SEND
YOUR CLOTHES TO SWEDE'S
SWEDE'S GRINNELL LANUDRY
 
The Senate will resume regu. ,
 
PRICES GOOD FRI.. SAT. AND MON.
HAPS , cash? ‘
Potato Ch ps 5:335 49‘
SAC Yellow or W
Pop Corn
KING SIZE
Coca Cola 8
ALSO LARGEST ASSORTMENT
'OF COOKIES. CRACKERS AND
CANDY IN TOWN.
 
Friday January 26, I962
@rare it anti plains.
‘SFORTS "
Pioneers computers gain loop lead;
ship scott 98-83, Siwash 93-74
By Tom grants
The Grinllell Pioneers explorer their way into the Midwest conference basketball lead with it stunning 98 to 83
root of previously unbeaten plymouth and a 98 to 74 victory over Knox here Jan. 12 and 13
In their most handling offensive display of the season,
the Pioneers hit 41 per cent of their shots while the lVlOllv
mouth scott could manage only . r . . ,
29 percent. Most of the night’s
damage was done in the first
half as the Pioneers ranked up
a 49 to 36 half—title lead behind the shooting of Jim Mifflin and
penny Asby.
Asby, playing his best game
of the year, led Grinneil With 22
markers. Mifflin made good use
of his talented, high attitude
jump-shots to finish with Zl
points.
Bustling Scotsman Jerry
well, the Conference's scoring
leader with a 27.4 per game
average, scored 32 points to
gain the evening‘s scoring hon015.
Pioneer co-captain lab suse
ser, the squad's most consistent
shorter With a 16.6 per game
average, scored 16 points before
housing out. He ranks rights in
Conference individual scoring.
Grinnell field general, car
Smith. the only Pioneer to play
the whole game, hit for 14 points. Big (6Y 7") John russell, a
promising sophomore, made ll
points and earned defensive honors by pulling 27 rebounds off
the boards.
George Gray, whose 16.1 per
game average ranks him teeth
in the Conference and Kent anderson each added seven points
to the victory.
The following night, Gray
singer the news for 25 points,
22 in the first half, to pace the
Pioneer victory. vessel- and
Miﬂwin hit for 1'1 apiece and
Asby added 13 to give the
squad a 33 per cent average
Knox hit 30 per cent of their
shots. Jeff Sandburg, who played with an injury-protecting
shoulder harvest, and zip held
tel led the lovers with 16 points
each. Otis woman, a 5’-10” pumps
ing jack who can punk the ball
with both hands, scored 14
points.
It offense . . .‘
(Top) Grinnell's high-scores
and oil-captain, Bob cursor, is
forced as he drives for the basket against plymouth,
_ ‘. . . Andilefense
(Bottom) Grinnell‘s other
cocaptain, stay norton. forces
plymouth's Ten-y Wilkison to
commit an offensive would
E MIDWEST CONFERENCE
 
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
   
 
   
 
 
TOP SCORERS woman (K) . ,9 153
G T): , Avg, maple (R) s 134 16.7
roll (m) . 9 247 27.4 women (for) 9 152 16.6
Adkins (for) 163 1&1 Muss" (G) - 9 150 16,6
wrote (so) . 17,; Current (Carl) 9 149 16.5
Ungrodt (L) 11.2 Gray (G) 9 145 16,1
 
SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL
* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
* series
 
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* ‘k at *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels ,
appointed March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeographing
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Page Five
IPIItSCII to visit Canal lone
 
by Jim Herzog deutsch’s great desire or ﬁusing T'MiowijsrcortrhimNCE
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
ali'illness'sADiieClor of Intenjan interesting out-of—thercountry STANDINGS
col estate politics and head‘spot to take his chicken He? w L Pct,
basketball Coach, John deutsch,l ’ his technically on leave this se-I had “(mad t” "Mk m the St?” 55:22:31“ ..i i iii:
theater‘, although he will remain Department but Such 3 10b plymouth 7 2 .177
at his job until the end or the would have forced him to leave‘st. Olaf . ., ,. 5 4 .555
1961762 basketball season. ,his children at home. Beloit 5 4 .555
l Taking advantage of Grinnell's ‘Carleton 4 5 M4
lunusual administrative policy PmSCh W1“ "e“‘m we “‘1 °f simon , - 4 5 .444
giving the Amieuc Depmmem August, Coach powers will proc-too . , 3 6 .333
__ able assume Pfitscb's duties as Knox 2 7 .222
. head baseball coach this spring. ”WWI“ " 9 4”"
 
a
it:
I
 
Let us help you maintain the balance between health and
illness.
TURNER'S PHARMACY
“Where Drugs are not a pipeline"
(Across the street from the Grinnell State Bank)
NEW’ SEMESTER—NEW STYLES
THEY GO TOGETHER. ’
SEE MODERNISTIC NOW
5th Ave and Broad St.
CALL 236-3089 FOR APPOINTMENTS
 
I John Pfit‘sci
   
I faculty standing,
winning Feb. 1. 1
Coach deutsch now hopes to i
leave on March 5, two days .
after the last basketball game: l
He will then take his family I
to the Panama. Canal Zone as l
a member of the YMCA.
Armed Forces Advisory Board. ,
in this advisory capacityj
deutsch plans to observe reception
constructed recreational fact -l
ties and recommend ways in
lwhich they can best be used.
Although he is still not quotes
sure what his job will retail,
he feels that he might help or—,
ganize a competitive sports pro-l
gray.
According to Coach deutsch,i
political difficulties in the Canal
Zone area have forced ‘somewhat limited freedom of move
ment for Armed Services per—l
sonnei. As. a result, Armedl
F o r c e s recreational facilities
have taken on greater impor—I
lance. l
The‘ Canal Zone satisfied
 
 
     
  
LAUNDRY AND CLEANING
\l I I_. I— A G E‘
of sims: 14an or m laser Div-am or m seas warm can-own‘lost
 
      
 
I,
I
' I
. THAT'S ONLY 187/3: EACH
SPEED WASH
Across from the Rock Island Station
The Spot To
Kit is 1.015
&s
 
 
 
START THE SECOND
SEMESTER OFF RIGHT
USE OUR COMPLETE SELECTION TO FULFILL
YOUR LISTENING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE NEW
   
ALSO BRING IN YOUR RECORD PLAYER TO CHECK
THE NEEDLE OR OTHER PARTS THAT HAVEN'T BEEN
FUNCTIONING CORRECTLY LATELY.
LEEPERS MUSIC (0.
 
 
 
Page Six
markers battle ,
Ai Milwaukee l
The Pioneer markers will take
their second non-conference toe
in successful when they travel,
to Milwaukee to meet that city'si
branch of the University at Wisconsin. -,
Coach Irv Simone feels thats
with three solid weeks of mac-i
me under their belts, his teams
is ready to meet their logged
opponent. ‘He also thinks that,
this contest against a tough;
squad will bring the charles;
markers into top physical shape‘
for their pair or conference date
ties the following weekend a—1
gained plymouth and Knox.
On Jan. 12,
dropped a close contest to see
alaska University by two points,
Coach Simone was pleased with‘
his boys‘ performance against
the third-ranked team in the Big
Eight Conference, considering
that they had only eight daisy
 
of workouts after Christmas va'blast [all at the hands of Cornell and Carleton. But the big,
nation to prepare for the meet;
Simone noted that he would like
'r t ' h' ‘ .
1° see some mmwemen m lsischool’s dual meet string. Cornell had never lost a MWC
" t ’ 1h " t h S top‘me” '“ e“ m“ a ‘dual meet Then a night later st. Olaf edges Cornell bv‘
u rday.
the swingers»
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
charles F ever
By Jim H-error’
Ill introducing our new column, charles Fever, which
Len Calodney and I will write alternative, I’ll first try to
explain what our new column head specifies. Frankly, we
area't sure; we know charles stands for those who reply»
sent Grinnelll The word fever, however, presents a proc
let; our only excuse for using this word is that it represents what’s hot in the world of sports.
 
At this point we would like to thank Tom grants, the
man who came before, for his cooperation in presently
teaching us the roses.
”Track at Grinnell is really going to start rolling this
year,” according to Coach Dick Young .
. “We’re pointing our efforts towards taking the con-
' service,” said the coach, and warning uuforseen michael,
x ,it appears that a strong Grinnell team will satisfy its
coach’s desire and take the conference Crown.
2 rs s
Looking around the conference, it is interesting to
note the assets that potential charts are receiving in their
respective sports.
Grinnell‘s refinance of cross-country ended abruptly
upset occurred two Weeks ago when Carleton marked for-
‘well with a stunning wrestling upset, flashing- the latter
l
l
Friday. January 26. I962
Best Pizza in Town and Best Service Too
AHRVANO'S
Open Till 12:00 P.M. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday
 
 
7 two points to end the most disasterous weekend in Cornell
l
. . . i
l hold on the Midwest Conference swimming Champion- [
produce Warlburg l i
l will be tough to top. ' 1
a testing period to evaluate new > . . .
)er game, have five players ranked in the top twenty-five
camera founded back to clip
scored
points to be high scores of that
iwrestling history.
‘ Carleton also is out to end the Pioneers’ four-year
ship, but the Pioneer splashers, strengthened by the return of the conference backstroke cheap, Pete Snyder,
The freshman basketball team,
._ .. _ ,
"sad the“ hm ”new games as The streaming Grinnell computers, operating 80 points
freshman talent. After being!
better by joe and Cornell the I
Wartburg S4 to 63.
Dave seller‘grey
game. He was followed closelyl
by Dick Ulrich with 13, slide‘
Smith with 10, and Tom such-‘
holds with a. . l
l
Although the team
whole packs height,
as
a
most f
n the Conference. Bob sussex is operating 166, George
the players have fairly equal
talent to give the team depth.
other boys who are beginning
to move the team along are
The last home game against
Central has been changed from
,its old date to February 5. The
Ed spain, Barry Anderson, team will finish up their season
Charlie real, Dennis jackson, on the road playing plymouth
Doug reader- and Randy not. land Knox.
Gray 16.1, Jim Mifflin 13.0, car Smith 112 and John
lstindell 10.1. l6 "“’
 
 
THE SOLUTION IS SIMPLE:
WHENEVER YOU GET THIS
UNWANTED FEELING. JUST PUT
ON A DRESS DRYCLEANED BY . ..
IOWA CLEANERS
(and walk past a Naval Station)
 
 
 
ON THE S
P.M.
 
Have You Bought ,
Your 1962 cycling?
* DON'T LET THIS YEAR GO BY WITHOUT OBTAINING A COMPLETE RECORD OF THE 1961-62 SCHOOL YEAR.
* THE DEADLINE FOR THIS YEAR'S BOOK, WHICH
HAS A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FORMAT.
RUARY 14.
ECOND FLOOR OF THE
CAROL HOOKER
EDITOR
IS FEB;
‘A' SEE YOUR HALL SALESMAN OR COME TO THE CYCLONE OFFICE
STUDENT UNION ANY DAY FROM 3-4
JIM THORTON
BUSINESS MANAGER
 
 
 
 
