IN FRONT, the better Sing trophy. Behind, the North;
men that won it this year. Story appears on page four in:
column one. (S&B Photo)
."Life World' tops
,ln service, 8 pm.
By Ellis Simberloff
Dr. John Wild of Northwestern University will present the annual Gates dec—
jul‘e Series Sunday through
,Tuesdzly.
i The first of his three lectures here, to be delivered on
Sunday, at 8 p.m., in service
chapel, will deal with the
”Life World." Wild's view of
the life world has been teen.ed “the concrete world of
human interests.” He views
 
l;
toys." .
The second lecture, “Authenc
 
Senate defines p
By Richard Ohlemeyer
S 8; B Staff Writer
Associated Women students
Board president Donna Jo bailey
told the Senate Wednesday that
it could expect some proposed
changes in the women’s hours
regulations from the Board with
in several weeks. She did not
reveal what the nature of such
changes might be.
IN OTHER business the Sen»
ate voted to amend the portion
of the Student Government Association constitution which pre—
scripts the membership of the
social planning board. Last spring
the student body voted to re—
move the SGA president from
the social planning board.
Through an error, he was included as a member of that
board when the current student textbooks were printed.
The proposed amendment
would allow him to attend
board meetings as am eonn‘icio
member.
»A second change would allow
the Council of House treatments
president and the AWS Board
president to account permanent}
theory
representatives to take
place on the planning board and
would then allow the AWS and
soil-1P treatments to attend planning board meetings without the
Power to Vote.
This amendment must he rate—
ﬁed by the Students and faculty
ll nm. in the chapel. A coffee
hour discussion will be held in
counter lounge at 4:15 pm.
 
ject to his View that only ra—
‘signal actions are authentic. He
, ihas stated that being what one
before going into effect. Articleighﬁuses ﬁocbethis autheilticthbulé
ll, section D., #4. c. 1. (page 28‘ “‘g W a 0 e". 99"“ e "3
. o get t .
of the student handbook), ‘ y u 0” 0 be '5 "namhenm
1ft The series will and Tuesday
amended, would read: .smith a lecture at 11 am. in the
“The members of the social PM“ right-are}. and a 4:15 p.m. dlsCuSr
maresitriucgzisia or .g. lotus sign in counter lounge. The
is «on, an...” 2i » ~ u
associated Womennstudenls' was‘iamt‘mtmw“ 15,, The W“ °f the
2 marriage rerllreselnuitiva again: by Worlds.
lunch o me its em The conflict which he sees
r on a man an “one. . .
593:}; by 1;,mvpf‘,l“,§,lb;nghf; m.) existing between theory,“cos.
std sms nt ergo, elected y t e senate: mic" order and his new phi].
(Ti Deun of Women: 5 Dean 1' M n: .
ﬁhétctivil‘les‘counsclotzi and two‘iiiﬁd tlf>sorry that man is apart
we art, mm l1,1l7join y rom na are is probably the
a n i can... i a. a .
ship. ”sunday... rL‘sa‘ié’y" mﬂ‘ask‘l. We]? of the {winds that Wild
s u some or o term or two years. wr speak a nu.
Th i is . scsi. . , . »
his ﬁffiidic‘llcé’éﬁmoimﬁi‘iﬁi gresir 'Exvanswne 0f Wild: PhIIOSO‘
events‘ President. if pic... limit choose .. why are available in our Library.
permanent anymore. in. Student 59““ of the more prominent
titles are “An introduction to
Realistic Philosophy” and “The
Challenge of Existentialism."
'_I‘he latter has been translated
into several languages, includ-
running grow
iGoveniment definition president. and
the been or the College, and the Chair
man of the, faculty may at any time
.sit as emuicio members of the him-d:
but no such member shall hm it vote.
,At the invitation of the ob ’rmxu 0!
who winning lamp. an additional new.
'non may be asked to sit with the bones."
theaters travel to U. of Chicago journey
By Nancy Ferguson Communist nations Of the world
5 853 small Writer should establish an economic
your Grinnell delivers will 1°°‘“";“‘:ty' ’5 the “3“?“31 “’1‘
journey to Chicago today to my age e ate topic for this year,
eliminate in the University of Chi- THE TOURNAMENT Wm in.
“33° Nam“ Deba‘e T°“"‘“' crude six rounds of debate on
ment, to be held today and to< ,
mirror. The Grinnell representsthe WP“: ”ﬂowen by a Championship round. Other schools
ratings are John Williams and
tJohn Black for the informative participating in this tournament
include T u l a n c University,
side, and dance Opperman and
Northwestern University, St.
Phil Johnson for the negative
side.
Mary’s College, and the driver—
,site of Rochester.
 
The topic which will be related, Resolved: That the non—
 
 
individuals as “radiation can- ‘
‘th and Unauthentlc Existence.".
‘will be given on Monday at‘
Hint AWS rules-change proposals:
WILD MAY relate this sub-i
ing Korean. Two papers, one an
address by Wild to the Ameri-}
can Philosophical Society, the
other a review by Paul G.
Kuntz, (philosophy correlation)
e available now on the subject in the bathroom.
BRIEFLY, WILD'S philosophy
is one‘ of Christian existentia
ibm, He states that proof of the
existence of God is best op:
provided from the standpoint of
NU proc Wild to talk Sunday
in first of '62 Gates series
man to God.
He believes that one’s processed philosophy should did—
date one’s action and that one
should use new evidence to re—
camp one‘s philosophy and to
actively destroy false ones.
He feels that a “true philosophy must be adequate to all
evidence available, be precise in
its circulation, and have substantial depth."
 
 
Vo|.. LXX Grinnell, lows, Friday, Nov. 1?, 1962
No. 8
 
peace Corps representative.
will be on campus Thursday
Special.
Bradshaw nintendo,
Assistant to the Peace Corpsg
will he on campus Thursday, as‘
the only official Peace Corps
representative to Grinnell this
year.
nintendo’s schedule includes
discussion and function with
members of the faculty and
administration, and personal
conferences from 1:30 to 3:30
pm. with students especially
interested in 'the Peace Corps
At a 4:15 pm. coffee hour in
counter lounge he will speak
and lead discussion. After did—
new in the private dining room, ’
nintendo will show a focused-
mary film, ”The Peace Corps," in _
the Science lecture room, A discussion will follow.
MINTENER, WHO recently
above Your Enemy'
to be King ‘topsé
Winston L. King, dean of the
chapel, will deliver the second
of two persons on “Love your
Enemy" Sunday at: 11:30 am. in
service chapel. His
this week will be directed to
 
the view, “My Enemy is my
Brother.”
 
attention ,
won his masters degree in {He
can Studies and Audio-Visual
)Communication from the Uni—
lversity
of indiana, spent 1960
with Operation Crossroads AI»
rica helping build a school in
the ivory Coast, He was account.
ed Director of the College and
University Division of the Office
of Public Affairs.
B dshaw nintendo
Dance IM '5, Union party, 'Mr. Roberts' this see/tent!
Today
Dance intramursis, party
Dance finals, Union, 10 pm.
Tomorrow
Football, Grinnell VS. Cornell, 2 p.m.
what, when ‘n' where
gym, 8 pm.
After-game pigskin party, Union. 4 pm.
Coed
M .
Rec. Night, party gym,
a, “Mr. Roberts," A.R.H., 7:30 and 9:30 p.m.
7:30 pm.
inn Folk banners, Roberts Arena theatre, 8 pm.
Open swimming, 8-10 pm,
Sunday
College church, 11:30 am.
Open rooms, North campus,
Open swimming, 3—5 13.11)
Gates Lecture, Dr. John
Monday
2—5 p.m.
'Wild, service chapel, 8 p.m.
Gates Lecture, Dr. Wild. service chapel, ll a.m.
Coffee hour, Dr. Wild, counter lounge, 4:15 p.m.
Tuesday
Gates Lecture, service chapel, ll am
Coffee hour, Dr. Wild, Younlrer lounge, 4:15 pm.
Wednesday
Iowa state Education Association meeting, Loose lounge, 7:30
pm,
Thursday
Peace Corps Coffee hour, Bradshaw nintendo, counter lounge,
4:15 pm.
Peace Corps movie, Science 125, 7:30 p.m.
Friday
colleague musical, Roberts
theatre, 8 pm.
A GOOD POINT to remember for IM banners. don’t look at your neighbor in) see
what step she’s doing". She might be watching you. Above (1 to r), years freshmen
Mary Kay Gwynne-caught, Sue Martin and Pat Bell research for their show. Dance
IM‘S begin at 8 p.m. in party gym tonight. (5&3 Photo)
 
Page Two
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, Iowa
A weekly newspaper published encn friday oi the college
year by one Grinneil combine on Student submissions. 1?,
Andrew brown. cnninnon. represented for national‘ndverusing
by Nnuonni Aa»emislnz Service, mc., College publisher. representing, m bindison Ave, New York, N. r. Entered in
second class motor It the Fast price nc cornell. down, under
the act. of aaron a. 1379. subscription rare sun per ccnonl
.mini Hatﬁend
George Buck
tax-w smaller
. . , Cnmlyn fails
. Mcg carmen, Richard Ohlemeyer
.ynnn mllmnn
. Sue wmlnns
or, Jim Heme
susan I3. Robert:
. , Russell Luepkar
. barbara Hunt. regarding Rooney
Ron 'turner
Judy reader
, pitch device
newsletter. Suc Fuunoe
business
Managing narcolNews Editor .
Assismnr News l: toys
Proof Editors .
Circuinuon manager
Layout linnnger
Ad Salmon
Business assisted
The Seventh Crisis
There once was a man from the West
Who kept saying that he was the best.
Brown won in a post, ‘
Dick started to post,
And tried to the world, “I’ve been press’d."
tracker-Hatfield
No drums, no trustees
He stroke out the locked room door and then he saw
her. She was in jeans, under a Ginkgo tree, playing a ministries banks. He was written. He nearly dropped his better-than-average grade point. It . . . was . . . love. Without thinking of the possible consequences i (she might ask
him to wear her pin—a peace pin) his mind machine—turned through his repertoire. A line. Which one? .
“Have you read ‘The Lonely Crowd’?" he asked effectively.
She struck an E-flat child in answer. Then she spoke.
“No,"i’ she said. “Have you read the ‘Bagavahd Gita‘Y" she
asks .
“No," he said, falteringly. Had he stock out already?
His hopes were deemed. But he could not give up. He
saved his friends on to late dinner. ,
“How about a. lime chocolate?” he asked. She turned
her eyes download. Then . . .
"All right,” she said. “Just one."
He knew he had scored. Not only had she connected
but she had stopped playing her nine-string banks. She
rose to her feet quickly and they headed ofﬂ toward the
Union.
He was placed. But then his heart fell. The Union was
out of fizz-waters No phosphates, But it didn’t seem to
matter to her. She settled easily for panama juice.
expressed, they games into each others‘ eyes. Then
they rose together and walked out and, shoulder to should—
er, made their way toward the Minneapolis and St. Louis
Railroad tracks.
They Walked in silence, He studied his toe. The ties.
They were too close together. It’ll ‘be hard, he thought,
It'll be tough. She’s different. Society will reject us.
“It’ll be hard," she said, reading his thoughts.
“I know," he said. “But I’ll try. I'll really try I‘ll . . .
I’ll break training."
“I‘ll try too," she said. "I’ll wear socks.”
"And I‘ll give away my hall middle,” he said
“And I’ll teach you how to play my nine—string banks."
“That’d be nice," he said.
. Think of the money I’ll Save on major blades, he
thought,
I might even learn to like my housemother,
thought. And maybe the orchestra needs a banks.
I could drop out of athletics, he thought. Slowly.
variety first and then IM’S.
She thought, I could join Young Democrats . . . or
even i . . Young . . . no . . that would be to much all
at once.
Night had fallen on the campus and women's hours
were drawing near. They had walked for an utility. But
now they found themselves at Main door.
“Adieu,” she whispered, a Single tear falling on his
hall pin.
”Good bye," he measured. ‘
_ He wanted simply down the steps, sword to make it
work. The next morning they met again. At dawn. Near
the Shotput ring. He was cordless. His fingers were , w.
He had picked his roommates ukelele ‘til four in anticlpae
tion of the banks lessons. He had trades his hockey stick
for a college. He was sensitive now, She written across the
deny instead. He hardly recognized her. It was the piece
out. Or, possibly, the Women’s Honor G greater, She was
patient.
“It’ll work for us i . . I’m sure of it," she said breathIessly. “I’ve changed. Guess what. I’m running for IM
chairman And I gave my roommate a quiet hours war
in .”
g All the while he stood there, taking her'in.
“She's changed," he gathered, shopping
against his sweatshirt. “She’s changed."
' Her eyes sweet over him. She involuntarily took a
step backward. She ran her fingers over the red G on her
pocket.
“He’s chailgef, she measured,
eyes download. “He’s changed.”
They turned and walked away from each other, he
suddenly feeling the new on his bare ankles and she rec
measuring her IM dance rehearsal.
Jim Hatfield
S&B Editor
she
his thin
slowly casting her
SCARLET AND BLACK
“FORUM .
FOR
DESCENT
By rom Phillips
Marmeladov, in “Crime and
Punishment," says that on the
Day of Judgment the Lord will
stretch forth his arm to all the
standards and' threads and
stores in the world and receive
them. because “not one of them
ever thought himself worthy of
it." And I would like here to
talk about these sorts of things.
ACTUALLY, I think there are
two kinds of people who really
,deserve God’s grace; Marmaladov’s standards, and Saints. The
anything he has to God and
knows that it is not enough, and
the drunkard is a man who
gives nothing at all to God, and
knows that it is not enough.
The Saint commons no wins,
and the crucial'd commons every sin but the sin of Pride;
and so both are blessed because both are poor in spirit.
In the sight of God, than, the
ultimately good and the ultimately approved stand side
by side, for the only real
body men ‘are the ones who
realize their own wretchedness.
Saint, is a man who gives ev-i
By cherry Eckrich
5&3 Staff Writer
Leonard E. Meyer spoke on
“The End oi the Renaissance:
Notes of the Radical Empiricism
of the Avante large” Wednesday morning in Roberts Theater
and at a coffee hour that afternoon, Part of the Fine Arts lecture series, his talk was in com
junction with Paul Kuntz's (phi—
losophy) lectures, ”Order and
Chaos in the Arts.”
Meyer, who is a noted come
power, author, and musicologisi,
is chairman of the department
of music at the University of
Chicago. He is known for his
interest in aesthetics. psychology,
and communication in relation
to the arts,
His primary concern in the
lecture was with anti-teleological (that which is not “goaloriented") art. There are three
methods for achieving
which John Cage describes as
“chance“ music. In music “free
from one's memory and imagination." the composer removed himself from what he is
doing and “randomizes” to
get the full score.
In the second way, the com.
power makes a drawing or graph
,and the replication of the Score
 
assembled each performer re-
;drives his own line drawing and,
was Meyer put it, the results may
‘be very random. “Tidbits” of
lmusic are written down for the
is left up to the performer. For‘
} All right And so what aboutichird method, but the order in
the rest of us, _the Fat Lot. the'which they are played—as well
Moral Bourgems, we who are as the tampa, dynamics, attack,
neither saints nor bugs? Most social‘e left to the performing
of the time we are unwonhy;discretion_
simply because we think we’red MEYER SAID in the lecture
’50 worthy- Our greatest winners jcbat radical empiricism is a compare our greatest philanthropists, lsistent, trouble philosophical
{the ones who get their pictureslposiiion. “There are no concept-
‘on the cover of Time magazine, sons to be drawn, no hopes for
:because they give a little, analyze future, and no degrees for
go around thinking that it isithe past. Effort is english be-
;music enough. cumshots. True‘clause it determines nothing."
VChristians. But I degrees. in in: complex hour}; however, it
_ , was mug t out t at train to
’ ANYWAY. WE are m a men- :break away from conventiongand
table standard, we of the Moral reporting against “all sorts of
,Bourgeois. we can’t becomeﬂhingsv” are, perhaps, ”causes”
,Saints because It's too hard and-for the radical empiricism of
would involve giving up monitor avenue gay-lie.
many good things, not only I-Ie elaborated on Several
clothes and money but logo. points during the coffee hour.
and gradually and sweet packs Anti-teleological artists beginners; the Saint’s life involves,
self-denial and self-senegal-ion,
 
2 leave the “purpose" of life is ,
Friday, November 9, I962
'Non-goal-oriented ar+,' music
topics in Meyer lecture, coffee
being aware of life itself; they
have no sense of “final causes."
They don’t Want to “do hotel thing." As one Said when he
was questioned about why he
was an artist, “I am an artist
because I’m not a bricklayer."
Another question referred to
the consistency of the stand pci—
losophically. Prof. Kuntz asked
if there could be knowledge
without some relevance, since
“the radical empiricisls maintain
Ithat nothing in the world is
connected. Meyer said he thought
this position was not consistent
with experience.
Electronic music which is a
lconglomeration of recorded
sounds, may be random or completely pro-planned. In “calm
posing" computer music, another
type, the computer follows one
directions or a set of rules for
form and picks notes from the
group provided it by the composer. ,
BOTH TELEOLOGICAL and
random music are concerned, in
la Sense, with man's position in
Ithe universe, he stated. But antiteleological music shows no direction or motion; it is just
“there." In this it has much in
common with substantial photos-
]ophy. it seeks, by the absence
of form, to destroy habits, tradition-ls, theories, etc., which are
installed generating man from
nature, or more specifically
inc listings from sounds
sounds.
It is not an attempt to create
order out of chaos, but rather
to let the mind work of its own
record. It drivers from existentialism in that being and non.
being are not categorical op.
mobiles, but merely different
states.
Radical cmpiricism denied
the reality of relations or interaction, of cause and effect,
Meyer said. There are certain
“consequences" — a word he
admitted was paradoxical in
this context — to this denial
of mortality. The demand for
communication ,is irrelevant
because the observer sees what
he wants to. Reduce the part
played by respective control,
and error disappears. He de—
lined random acts as “these
for which the performing individual is totally responsible,"
as
 
 
and is not fun, And we certain-
]ly can’t be drunken threads, her
clause it would only be an after—
'nation, and besides we’re too
streaming. So what should we
law?
SALES
Well, I suppose we really
can’t do anything. There are
too many parameter in this
thing, and my brain runs, All I ever wanted to say was '
that 1 wish some of these
Board of Religion type people
would stop passing around so
complicated winieuieir notice ,
hours and all as if they were
God’s Favorite Sons, because
God's Favorite Sons don‘t
wear no suit and tie.
*
School and Party
Mimeographing
on no, they are those crazy
bastards with no clothes on in
. REPAIR l. RENTAL
* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
* series
COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* it
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed Match Book Covers
Supplies
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
 
the Himalayas, and those dirty
 
,old men who pick your pocket
known on the powers. Please let
me master to add that I don’t
mean to alarm anybody, and it’s
really all right because God
loves us all and will foreign us
all in the end, even powerseller.
And l have it from reliable
sources that there is no Hell.
(REGISTER AS MANY
Anyone know
like floral
of october?
West, Langan, Clark and
North will hold the year’s
ﬁrss houseparties this week.
end. West's “West Side Story”
is set for the Monroe Hotel
while Langan’s will be held
at J.D.’s and Clark’s in the
private dining room. North's
party, to feature such gastrm
comic delivers as october
and caviar, will be held in
counter lounge.
College Residence
phone
 
 
DON'T FORGET FREE!
5 Minute Phone Call to anywhere in
Continental United States. Jusf fill in the
Coupon and bring into
PRESTON'S
TIMES AS YOU LIKE)
PPESION'S
MARTIN “party" CHURCH, drop,
 
Friday, November 9, I962 SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
Group aims to ,‘ho p' and "know' Foreign students
participated in the program, 1
but no organization provided
l“The
{Committee of
ANNOUNCING!
All clear dedicated cosmetic for the
girl with a skin‘ problem.
:Du ﬂan?
For Cosmetics to make you look earlier
a'l' THARP PHARMACY
I i '| oil ' C '*
n ernai“ aids ommli’see ',
_ i f“ ‘Ii- F . d ‘ co»medication or leadership.
_ - -- - The SGA established the ln.
aSSIS S Ii Gen oregon 5+” en+international affairs Committee in‘
, lApril, lsol. The committee money Ed lleehcrt international AllalrSI‘listed of members of the boards
5&3 Staff Writer , . the SGA "Wioi Religion, ma. and students
In the last two and one»half Sg‘ftsii'drain‘séfhlf f§:;%"1.5;:'reflect?d at large by SGA T’w‘
years the Grinnell student body as. 'Chhhxhah gym marsh-g “mm.“lee judge‘ed “W“.“g
has given over 37000 M, promote fa regions m 1960 manner; machine revenue (the chief
international understanding and mime has ﬁr Emmi cm “5 Source of fund?» Board oﬁ tel»
31d the he“, emerging nations funds dec mid for rare?“ union contributions and miscellrv
to execute their promismglstudents mg C .d. g ahcous revenues to meet excelﬁ
. . . eos inatcd the ef— .
ﬂund 99°F” "‘ 3“ mdusmalviiorts to im rare the Grinnell d'men' By amber 7’ 1962"
western country How has thisirorei n spider“: m .the committee had no dchts and‘
been money By the efforts off g P gray; ntcndcd to [allow a budget sys-h
the student Government essay ~In 196061 IeSS_than Six for item that guaranteed for cache
station‘s international Affairsl “g" :ﬁdmls "mad "3‘ E?” ”um” ““31 ycal'v l
gmmlttee gSWPmed by std-i ""5; .b can?“ Egan” “"35 BY 1962-63, the foreign stud contributions to sGAi con“ “8 055 an $15 0 .sent enrollment had increased
funds and other campus orgasm toward a foreign student pro- to 15. The sources of revenue
station funds. ‘ gray. Many campus groups amended over $3000 and full and
, partial scholarships were given
its some foreign students. The
[committee targeted the person-i
.¥3\ al expenses of every foreign‘
., , incident on campus who did not
%@ have a non—college source of
r ”a l s' ‘funds. n , '. '
.2295“ p l establishing budgets
id .1?
2
for each student, the committee
‘added the limits of its funds and
by yet approaches financial pro)~
,less with flexibility.
significantly, the committee
assumed responsibility for all
deals incurred by student are
i
i
l
i i
generations acting in the inter.
should arise between the foreign
lThe committee and the commit-
est or foreign students.
Henderson says, “The commit-l
tee does not just appropriatel
funds, but has to be aware or
any indicate situation which
ibm the committee.
The American experience
gained by foreign students is
transmitted to their compounds. All the students have
returned home, many to the
universities of their country.
While the foreign students
learn about America, Grinnell
students have opportunities to
discuss with young men who
will be leaders or foreign
countries.
Describing the goals or the
international Affairs Committee,
Henderson says, “The commit.
student, and American students.
tee chairman must make an effort to know all of the foreign
students.”
THE COMMITTEES concern‘
for the foreign student hash
promoted a careful placement
of students in residence calls.
calls applying for a foreign
student must guarantee the std— tee tries to act as a host to his
sent's privacy and provide a guests, not as a hotel seeking
reception environment [or theicustomers. When the students
student. ‘assume responsibility for a pro-
before vacations the commit-:gray such as Grinnell’s, the former makes arrangements for ev.,sign student can not easily misery foreign student to leaveltake the student body‘s generations. Summer work and ed. unity for the cold, administra»
emotional opportunities for [are time grants of an ‘aiﬂsent’
sign students. are investigated American institution
AWSli Presidelii bailey requests
regarding on Quad hours question,
By Marilyn Nelson ‘letter to he sent to 52 colleges
5&3 Staff Writer or universities in the United
Mary choose reported at the States The letter requested
Monday AWS Board meeting‘spec 0 information concerning
that the newlyvformed compaq» Women's hours and also a hand-
native College procedures Com- book of Women's House Rules
‘mission had already granted a from each of the schools.
 
Under new business, dishes—
 
SHU-lANll
OUITTING BUSINESS
IN GRINNELL
For the Entire Family
 
Child's Overshoe Boot
Sizes 13 to
Buy Now And Save on All Rubber Footwear and Shoes
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THESE BARGAINS
Red or White
sign of the timely topic “joe
men's hours" arise, Two interested women students have
written a questionnaire to be
distributed only among Women.
AWS Board President Donn J0
bailey asked if further server
on the topic could be restrict—
ed until she hard had a chance
to talk with President women
about the possibility or change.
Miss bailey announced that
she was going to meet A1 Murray and the Head Walter and
mattress in the Quad to discuss
any existing problems, There is
a defining connection at the doorways prior to dinner, and they
will try to work out a solution
to clearing the area and avoiding the “rush" to the dining
room.
Jeffrey Miller wins
soldier scholarship
jeffrey Miller, a Grinnell col»
love junior, was the winner of
a $500 scholarship for his outstanding record as a soldier’s
Encyclopedia salesman this past
summer.
P. F, soldier, inc., has awardled more than $100,000 in scholarships in the past seven years
as part of its vacation earnings
{program for college students.
This year more than 2,000
students participated in the program, warning sales and business
experience while eating their
tuition
l
l
.00
PAIR
3
 
Women's
Black Overshoe Boots
GLASSES
: Mode and impaired in
our Laboratory.
.0
PAIR Contact Lenses
CASES AND
 
300 PAIR WOMENS DRESS HEELS
1.00
COME EARLY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THESE BARGAINS. LIMITED SUPPLY. WILL CLOSE
OUR GRINNELL STORE SATURDAY. NOV. 17.
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. Oi).
Optometrist
 
Across from Post Office
 
 
 
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, November 9, I962
 
 
Art lectures coleman discusses l
three basic trends in modern art lat do”; n;
By Mary Gwynne—naughty
5&8 Start Writer
Dr. center D. Longinan oi the
University of California at Los
Angeles, lectures Tuesday evening in Roberts theatre on “The
Causes of Recent Trends in Art..”i
Dr. coleman is a graduate off
Oberlin College and has done
graduate work at Princeton. He
has studied under the Carnegie
foundation and has headed the
art department at the Unll‘el'r
site of iowa. .
There are three basic movements of art, says Longinan: the
abstract expressionism, the art,
of the contemporary image anal
the neordada feature, ,
Art of the abstract extras» é
stones class includes such works l
as would result from putting
paint on the bottom of auto
mobile tires or putting paint
on the sales of shoes. Such a i
work can be turned a ”life- 3
less document or a moment of
real living."
Art of the contemporary image
stresses the gruesome and more
bid. One such object “Woman_
out of Fire” is made of routing,
cement, coleman says, however
that a certain charm can be de
tested in the horrible. I
THE PRINCIPLE of neo—data
as busty works and sports or the
arms and legs ot dolls are often
used in works of this kind.
Such recent trends in art are
generated says coleman. The
first of his objectives to these
trends is the element of con—
formats. Just as beatniks choose
to recall in the same manner; so
artists recall in the same manner. “If an artist wants to get
anywhere, he has to fit into
these particular
states coleman,
Second. he finds adults with
the fact that there is a move—
ment in only one direction:
leaving out what used to be
included. Progress has meant
leaving more things out, This
logan by leaving out the subject matter and it has even
gone so far as to leave out the
(mm or the title. The pro»
let is that if one pages putting more into the work, he is
considered reactionary.
Third. coleman questions a
sentence to reductionism which
he terms a “nothingsbut prince—
pre.” This sentence reduces all
personality to its smallest come
parents — the result being an
movements,"X
sea’sure dance
of Philippines
, 9H
t A night or audience-parties»
station folk dancing will he
,sponsored by the metropolitan
Club Saturday, in the Arena
Theatre at a pm.
A group of Filipino nurses
interview at iowa terrorist
l hospital and Mercy hospital in
i Des points, with a graduate
student in
, train Ames, will demonstrate
= native cancer, including the
! bamboo pole dance, and will
I prepare a Filipino
event.
i metropolitan Club secretary
Holly merchant stated, “This is
not an organized group but all‘n’
‘pay students who have learned
‘this dancing similar to the way
students here in America learn
square dancing. They enjoy this
dancing, and so they enjoy
idemonstrating it,"
ACCORDING T0Nancy coleman, president of the Cosmoa
lpolitan Club, the foreign students on campus have also been
invited to bring records from
their native countries and to
demonstrate t h e i r countries’
‘talk cancer
lHulbert 'Third Day’
home economics ‘
refresh» .
women serve
ys liberal arts studies:
clean weight student government
By Sally Wagner l
8&3 Staff Writer ‘
‘ President Howard R. women
,and Dean of Women Evelyn
partner addressed parents anal
students in service chapel Sat—
today, in a program moderator
by Dean of the College James
:H. Stauss. .
l Speaking on the liberal arts
program, Dr. women stated,
that since a liberal arts edt— ‘
nation is not directed toward .
any specific career, a great 1
problem to the student is den
riding what to do with his
1 major. This vital deck 'on must
l he made by each individual, he
. assisted,
1 Dr. women mentioned that, to
‘help students make this decision,
local element has been added to
lthe school’s small. His job includes guidance counseling and
‘job placement. Summer posts
unions which element also helps
documents secure. give strength,majority and experience. ,
THE PURPOSES or a literary
‘arts education include helping‘
students achieve useful purposes
and forming responsible integer
‘sent citizens, added Dr, Boweni
These objectives candidate the:
.personal qualities of intelligence,l
t'random of mind, ethical under»
standing, wisdom, leadership.
synthetic appreciation and self!
DEAN GARDNER spoke on
the student. government at Grinnell, which strikes to create a
community where students may
prepare to be good citizens later
by processing here.
Miss partner gave the par—
ends a recent history of print
hell‘s student government. trading the separate governing
bodies from 1945 to 1951.
In January, 1961, She continued, a group or students restore the contributions of the
three governing bodies. She de
scripts the resulting new system
as very complicated.
The new system shipped the
Jobs or making, entering, and
intervention rules from the
Council of House treatments and
Associated Women Students
Board to the Student. Senate.
THE SENATE passes upon
legislative amendments to rules
for student conduct A result of
this, stated Dean partner is that
the men can now vote on women's rules.
Since there are more men
than women on the Senate, it
is initiative that the women
become less resistant to debate these issues with the men.
she warned. The women must
learn to express their views.
Dean partner outlined the
art of erotica arguments, i
can be stated to he anti»design which arelol'navigation of the court sys-
A Work of this movements
should result one's sensitivity of
good form. Common objects such
older ”studies
library plans
in Burmingllam
Henry older, Grinnell Col»
legs librarian, was one of a september visiting committee to
Birmingham . Southern College
in Birmingham, Ala, last holiday through Thursday.
. .
FINALLY, criticism is turning‘, IS PPPE selected
into promotion, feels coleman,i
or else the crisis writes the games moon on the Third Day," by
way the army draw—just eX~frames gilbert, is the cover
pressing a feeling Iher » December Political Book
illustration these ot_ the
movements, coleman presentediPTOETP-ten Political
slides of art work. He broughtiEdUCallOTL
out the qualities of an abstract It IS the story of the
expressionism which was paint- gamma of every elecflve ofed by Kokomo, a chimpanzee_. ficehoider: the conflict be—
coleman maintains that such‘ green political treasures and
art is acceptable if one supported personal principles _
the theory that art comes front In a dramatic, last»movie
three basic of-the-Month selection
in Practical
 
THE comment was appointed by the Commission on
Colleges of the Southern associ—
union of Colleges and Schools.
Several years ago this commit-1
sign illustrated a program off
institutional self-study and perl-l
odic limitation as a way of re-l
affecting accreditation on member institutions.
Birmingham-Southern, having
recently completed its self-1
study. s ready last week for“
the v ng committee. older’s
responsibility was evaluation of
the library.
Norl'll wins in l
tel'her contest}
Winner of last Sunday’s peter
her sing was North counters
under the direction of Orv sense,
ing. North song “Elijah Rock”f
and "Madame brunette," ,
SECOND PLACE SouthYoun-‘
her. directed by Bill monitors.
song “Dry Bones" and “Slow
Motion Time.” Cowles and West
tied for third place.
Schwarz led Cowles in “Landamus TC" and “Poor or radar
Paul l
dl- '
discipline, qualities
,foundations for lives and careers.
is the
of such
oral arts education
necessary foundation
, productions as medicine,
teaching, and government jobs.
Business is also looking for
, competent men and women
. who are liberal arts graduates.
l Many specialized schools have
become graduate schools and are
drawing their students ti-om
lliberat arts graduates.
THE PRESIDENT cited
clear’s graduation class as an
lexample. From that class, 75
lper cent of the men and 25 per—
event of the women went on to
advanced training.
‘ Women are becoming more
'various and concerned
careers outside the home, as
downloading becomes less de—
landing.
He added that women need to
be educated today so that they
may be better conditions for
today's educated men. Most ed»
station takes place in the home
and the role of a mother is pro»
family that of an educated, the
president remained.
 
l
 
O “WEDNESDAYS? .
Fr. Preble, Chaplain
5+. Paul's Student center
EPISCOPAL
I SUNDAYS—7:30 n.m., 5 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.
0 n.m., mechanism
0 DAILY OFFICES — 7:30 a.m., 4:30 p.mr
Continental Breakfast :Il'her all morning services
Fr. william, oscar
 
the unconscious and there's nolstyle, the author carries the
real planning involved. area’der through the fight for political survival at. the polls with
United States Senator from his-
, south.
col John New i AFTER A QUARTER, century
’ ‘ot Senate service, marked by
° decision to liberal causes. the
WI I'e a out Senator votes on principle for a
labor reform bill. This report
0 .ion his campaign for reflection
AF chi Ialnc reveals the strengths within the
,house of organized labor, crossicurrenlS of lobbying activities.
Lieutenant colored John W.llegislative influence of big career, Chaplain from Maxwelllporate interests and tricks and
Air Force base in Montgome heartbreak: of political camera, Ala,, will be on campus paigns.
Thursday to speak with tax—
ulty and students interested
in the Air Force Chaplain’s
program.
All are invited to Visit with
Chaplain New any time be
green 9 and ll 30 a.m. hours»
day in cleaner hall basement:
mom 5. ‘
IRC bouquet
rates shelter i
Dr. Wolfgang stopped, Pro-i
fesSor of Economics at the Unis.
version of MiChigan, will speak
at an International Relations
Club bouquet next Friday.
stopped, who has recently re-
HOUSE
For Your Own a
PARTY?
rid Especially His
Dr. women stated that a libs l
law, l
last
about ‘
item. and described the duties of
‘the student government. monitoring the high percentage of
students involved: 303 persons
serving in election or automotive
positions and 150 persons serving on committees
l
The Spot to hit
is JD’s
t
3 Beauty begins with
TENO-SIX
LOTION!
rss." West’s pieces were “Oklae,jul'new from 18 months in Nihoma" and “De Animals is alberta, will speak on “Economic
Coming,” led by Steve Aldrich.‘development in Nigeria." This
Clark and liable also par ic— lecture, following the 6:30 pm,
stated in the Sing. Tom EvansilRC bouquet in Cowles digital
directed Clark and Craig lens‘hall, will begin at 0 pm. anal
person led liable. ‘iS open to the public. l
l
l
l
l
l
i
TenvoiSix cheats your thin
with healing medication
cleaners immaculately,
deeply. clothes with emollients. he [0'0-6 formula
applicants nature's normal
skin balance—Io reduce oilincss or believe process.
projects for hours against
british-causing bacteria.
”-06 motion is Illﬂ one
cosmetic that helps your skin
to complete natural beauty.
RCn-member 10‘0‘6v twice
daily.
WANT TO
LOOK YOUR
BEST WITH
 
THE BEST IN
BAKED
GOODS,
DANISH MAID
,.8l8 Fourth
 
THE LATEST
HAIR FASHION
CALL MODERNISTIC
"Your Headquarters for Beauty"
Phone 236-3089
 
 
A
Friday. November 9. I962
Can fake title tomorrow
powers' men to face cams,
By Phil King
5&3 staff writer
Tomorrow the Grinnell footage team plays host to Cornell
College in a game that could
give the Pioneers their first interested season.
it will take an an out effort
to up-end the cams, who
have come into their own in
the last two games..crossing
Knox 35-6 in their most recent rating. Cornell’s back—
field was hit hard by grad—
nation, but sophomores Larry
Hill and Gary Miller, a former Grinnell High School whiz,
have filled the gap available.
Miller gained 143 yards rush.
ing in the Knox game, as he
and Hill both scored touchdowns. The five Ram scores
were applied by five different
winners, pointing to a depth of
fairfield talent.
THE CORNELL line is, as usual, excellent. Back from last
year are All-Conference end
Ken Fisher, and All—Conference
tackle Ed Truelson, a 220
SCARLET AND BLACK
founder. At the other tackle is‘meeting in the long series be—
bookstore th seeker, who green these two teams. printing the scales at 245. well holds the edge, 28-21; there
fisher will he remembered by have been four ﬂexGrinnell fans for his excellent This win he the last game
play last year, when the cams for the courtesy seniors on the
fell before Grinnell. 30-26. Crinncll squad. Making their
That defm blocked 0mg final_stand are fred Arnold,
well out or an undisputed Dennis Asby, Bob Chubrich.
championship and located the Jerry Cozad, Jay butler, ArPioneers into a championship 13“ Banner Howard Dnnni Jim
m It is a Sm m that Co,_ sale, steve powell, Gene Kuneli has not forgotten this, ‘perth Craig McManusi Art
and will he timing to pull the P913350“: 01“} Peterson: car
same trick, now that the tri- l Smith and Kirk Van Kooyanbles are reserved. For Grin- be“ the
well needs this game to fin- print of the load tomorrow,
l 15!: ahead of jump, who, will: along with underclassmen iiia 5.“ record. Is no second stop powers. Joel coleman,
Place, one game behind the Pete Heinzeiman, Jim McPloneers. Klveen. Dick richard, Steve
Coach add powers says that patrick, Dave larger and Up
"a top performance” will he ton Ethelhah.
necessary for Grinnell to wi . . _
He points to Cornell’s line — Kala” “me ‘5 ”0 — °“ W3“!
a . e d.
almost impact from last year"
as a key threat to the Pioneers"
mounted running game. .
THIS WILL be the fifty<fourth,
These players will
 
 
 
Cornell freshmen use pass attacks
hand Pioneer controllers first loss:
By Tom Fullrner
5&3 staff Writer
The freshman football team
from Cornell gave the Pioneer
press their first defeat, 38-26, in
a game played last Friday afternoon. With the loss the Grinnell
freshmen end the season with
a 2-1 record
The cams carried a tremendous size advantage into the
game, outstanding their Pioneer opponents 10 to 20 pounds
per man and even more on
many places in the line.
Cornell used this advantage
in size, underlying a patent passing attack which, according to
assistant coach Bill Henry, they
 
By Jim Herzog
5&3 Sports Cmcdifor
Coach add powers Pioneer
, _, football team copper St. Olaf
Pioneers had trouble containing 21.7 in a victory which ”med
because 0! 1301‘ Of Size _ andiGrinnell of at least a marketplace
33:? 3:51:13; 02:33: mailing tie in the Midwest Conference. l
._ . , IN TAKING the Parents Day
broke a 6.6 first quarter he to highlight, Grinnell looked good
|score three touchdowns and take h d d . th
a 2444 lead at half-time. bP‘thng 5 gm“ 3?] d‘“ 1;
Despite the great handicap inn‘f’i‘fs't gowzvg’eraﬁé‘l‘estﬁe “13165
22:“ C333: £33: “£1239 chapel’ﬁl managed but six. The total yardrI
Ion the ground g age for Grinnell was an images—
l John threshold scored two‘s“: :32e1¥:rdsliard running he“
G ‘shell t hd U n - ‘
n we owns °n “ms °f back, boston powers, took the
40 and Six yards‘ The OtherIgame opening kick off on his
Grinnell touchdowns came on known ten and moved 25 yards to
45 yard Pass from Barry under~lthe 35. On the first play from
son to John jersey and a seventscrimmage quarterback Dick
yard run by Dave Synhol-st‘ {richard sent his feedback, Joel
coleman, up the middle on a
 
lies! Fina in Town and Best- Service Too
AHRVANO'S
Open Till 12:00 PM. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday
Free Delivery
ll yard gain.
Then richard surprised the ,
Ole defense, throwing a 32- l
harder to cartoon determine
Then for four plays Grinnell l
was started deep within st.
Olaf territory, but richard
once again dressed up the files
by throwing an 11-yard TD
pass to powers. richard ran
the deeper for the extra points,
and Grinnell led 84).
The ball trades hands twice.
6:00—12:00
 
CONGRATULATIONS
PIONEERS ON CLINCHING A TIE. WIN
IT ALL TOMORROW
SWEDE'S
GRINNELL
,as Grinnell’s car Smith and
Gene robert never started far!
from the 0155’ one-man team,
‘Mzirk samoa.
THEN, IN This second quarter, Art Peterson informed a
booty 54-yard pass play to KO-
>were, putting Grinnell on the
Ole 17, On the next play powers drove into the end zone for-i
the score.
The try for the extra points
failed and Grinnell carried its
'14-0 lead to the end of half.
In the third quarter Grinnell iced the contest, as Art
Peterson posted a 40 yard pass
to Fred Arnold. Carleton Peterson followed, scoring the
last Grinnell TD on a leonard lounge. .
Dave larger posted the extra
sprint, and Grinnell was through
AGAINST CORNELL.
LAUNDRY
 
Page Five
ELSTON BOWERS, speeds sophomore halfback, drives
for part of a 17-yard Grinnell touchdown in Saturday’s
game against St. Olaf.
written win; clinic tit/e tie
scoring for the day.
AAMOT, THE 0195' massive
little back, found the Pioneer
defense mapping in the fourth sized Grinnell “Chief," interouarter, as he ran 47 yards center three Ole passes, while
through it for an Ole TD, George ISmith picked off two, and Dunn
Anderson converted, and St. land powers picked off one each.
Olaf was down by 14, 21-7.
In the game for Grinnell epson Ethelhah, the much dubai-
 
carriers se’r for Conference
after depending Oles, l5-47
By Peter norman line were, in order, Paul Pat-i
5&3 small Writer person, Jeri Langham, Phil
The cross country team goes Northern, Bruce Beclford and
into the Midwest Conference had Winiecki. Coach Young did.
meet tomorrow in Chicago with not single out any one of his
a 44 dual contest record, winners but said that the vicThe Pioneer carriers picked My was “a good team effort”
up their fourth dual meet wing Young also stated that the
last Saturday, easily defeatingiwlnner of the conference meet
St. Olaf, 15747. Grinnell winners would probably be either Carlecopped the first six places, with ton, Grinnell or Cornell, with
Rod Brown leading the pack the girls assuming the favorite’s
once again, The cross country role. He noted that the strength
course was changed in lengthlof Carleton and Grinnell lies in
from 2.95 to 3.0 miles for: thisilheix‘ depth and that Cornell's
meet so Brown’s time of 15.43 lies in its outstanding individual a new course record. FOl- urls, including last year’s charge
losing Rod across the finishlion, Bill dresses.
 
.Picked to win: Wisconsin, Grinnell
By Len Calodney and Bob Savage
After a disastrous week of assets last saturday, we’re out
to improve upon our record.
The Pioneers will have to remember that the Conference
championship won’t he theory until the final gun tomorrow, but
Grinnell should win. Grinnell 22, Cornell 14
Homecoming should put Wisconsin up enough to carry them
to upset victory over number 1 ranked Northwestern. Wisconsin
21, Northwestern 17
If Grinnell could beat Des points YMCA by this score in
1892, then why can't Catawba rack up the points Saturday?
Catawba 132, Guilfnrd 0
Last week, 16 right, 9 wrong for 64%. Season 77 right, 22
wrong for 78%.
Minnesota 16 low: 3
Washington 27 California 10
LSU 20 TCU 7
Mississippi 53 Chattanooga 6
Texas 32 taylor 10
Ohio State 30 Indiana 6
Southern Cal 31 Stanford 11
Nebraska. 23 Kansas 19
Georgia Tech 29 ala. SL 9
Oklahoma 27 Iowa State 13
Arkansas 35 Rice 12
Michigan State 14 pursue 10
Michigan 20 Illinois 8
Pittsburgh 18 Notre Dame 13
Missouri 48 Colorado 7
Alabama 10 Miami (ala-i '1
Anny 28 Oklahoma State 14
UCLA 28 Air Force 9
 
 
 
lﬂll HUN '
"*an We #améby yoga!
* wheels * Guns * Licenses
GEORGE 8r ROLF
HARDWARE
"WE RENT MOST EVERYTHWG"
919 Broad Street Grinnell. Iowa
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. November 9, I962
Page Six
tickets defeat Lake Forest, decline NCAA bid
By Bill books Bill contract team to captain lined. Jacksonville, Ill distinguished himself as
5&3 state enter picked the winning goal againstl IN AN INTERVIEW this week However the soccer team has playmaker. This Is Dave Scott.
Grinnell’s soccer team defeat- the hosts at Lake Forest Thel Coach Irv Simone caused theldeclineol the NCAA bid. It takes teamwork to make 3
ed Lake forest 10 Saturday, as match was marked by highly teams successful effort during soccer tournament at picture soccer team function smoothly,
the squad closed out the season operated play from both teams lthe season. He announced that ray College In Jacksonville Ill. and Scott Is the mainstay or our
interested The teams record Is Goalie Jim noble played a ﬁne GrInIIell would be Invited to the He said further that particles-‘strong offense thIs year. His ﬁne
marked only slightly by a l- 1 tie defensive game in suite of be- NCHAA. regional soccer tourna~ tion depends on faculty approx- and consistent footwear started
match with MacMuu‘ay College. line happened by a Cast on one men: at MacMurray College intel and that is not expected
50 Pontiac requests FREE!
the team throughout the season
 
America’s hottest new
sports convertible!
I‘lM GRAND PRIX 50
Sweepstakes for colleges only
Your chances of winning are $1 times better than if open to the general public
'you can win! 50 ﬂasking new ’63 Pontiac request Le fans collectibles are up for grass! They’re easy to win and it’s lots of fun!
The big sweepstakes is starting now . . . keeps going and growing
through the school year. There’ll be drawings for 5, 10, then 15 and
ﬁrally 20 new request collectibles—four exciting maps—50 cars in
all! Enter often . . . no limit on the number of entries per person!
Enter bowl Here’s all you do:
1. Pick up agree oﬂtrial LoM GRAND Pro: 50 entry blank. Look ’i'or them
where cigarettes are sold—on and about campus. Fill Itin.
2. attach your serialized L&M GRAND PRIX 50 LICENSE PLATE from your
entry blank. Save It! Tear air the bottom panels from 5 packs of deM
Kmo, szM Box, Cnnsranrusto KIIm or CaasrnnI—earn REGULAR. control brokers can enter m‘tar OASIS 5 panels, or acceptable substances (see
entry blank), must according each entry. Each entry must be mailed
separately.
3r Mail us the panels and your serialized entry blank . . . It matches your
license plate. Your serial number may he one of the so that wins a ’63
request convertible!
If you win, you may choose instead
of the request a traveling expense-
I paid 2-week Holiday in Europe —for
Two! Plus $500 in cash!
 
Winners' requests will include: 3-speed ﬂfor shift, budget seats,
deluxe trim and special défor, radio and heater, deluxe wheel discs,
Windshield masters and white firewall tires; with delivery, sales tax
and registration all pro-paid! And, choice of body, trim and top
colors as well as choice of differential gear ratios!
Important: As your entries are received they become eligible for all
subsequent drawings. So enter often and enter early—before the
drawing for the ﬁrss ﬁve requests (right after Thanksgiving). Entries received by Thanksgiving weekend will be eligible in drawings
for all 50 requests!
Remember: The more entries you submit, the more chances you
have to win!
[IGSHY x sms vosAcm co.
Get with the winners...
“far ahead in smoking satisfaction!
See the Pontiac request at your nearby Pontiac Dealer!
 
