A WSB abilities
night/y Cher/r of
Women '5' rooms
Will sl’ill check occasionally
 
By Marilyn Nelson
5&3 Start Writer
As an experiment. the Assoc‘
atcd Women Students Board
has published the 10:30 night
check in the Quadrangle At
Monday's meeting, the Board
discussed the most detective
means oi presentation to the
women students. This new
“no hours,"
This change h . been under
consideration iii about a yeah
as last year's nhs Boni had
contemporary such a revi on.
Periodic, unannounced night
checks will be taken for )increases or evaluation. The board
hopes to have an open meet
ing or women students in
early 1963 for evaluating the
,night checks be a count for
‘number‘s rather than for indi-
,signals, AWS Board President
Donna Jn bailey explained that
such a plan is impossible First,
‘if there were no penalty for
‘being outside the Quad after
hours there would be an address creative to village existing
.policies,
policy is considered a procedures change for the converter
change; a written report will i .SECONDL“ {'1 on?” 10 "e_ follow advise the penalties with such a
once of Grinnall women, and - _ lcheck, the entire section of the
,was not evolved from the rc-l A suggestion was brought to constitution which contains to
‘cells controls its concerning the Board that the periodic darkness penalties would have to
' ,,, be revised, Such a changewould
‘have to pass through the Student senate and the administra-
pilot.
l Miss bailey explained that
r S . at the present time the ad-
, , registration does not feel that
it can consent to an extension
oi hours. They' reel that pos:
bible criticisms o1 Grinneli
i might finder the already dir1 ficull: task or meeting the
lFoi-d Foundation grant.
l John Bioﬁng will phi tonight.
l tomorrow at 8 pm. in Robe
American concert spanish John get.
ill‘oWnlng i,ill give per-lorrnances. The quarter is completed or,
straight and tomorrow in Roberts, Pet ~Marsh and Theodora santa,t
Theatre, The concerts are schcd violent; Paul l-least, villa, and
‘used to begin at a pm, ‘Donald McCall, cells,
, Tickets (or both concerts will ALSO ON THE program for
'be available at the once iii-the [tonight are “donate, Opus 23,"i
leone Arts building until 5 today. by Samuel career and “Piecesi Before the meeting was ad.
stickers for Saturday’s perform— de Clavencin." by branches you-‘joined. venice server moved
lance will. be available Saturday per , le Grand. . to give all freshmen women
imornmg 1n the Mice 0f the Fine Tom w night's cons t will‘upper'class hours despite the
 
THANKSGIV G
tin
No.
TIME was a busy time for Grin-l
ideal's admissions department. Here. prospective students Associated Women
it their turn for interviews. (8&3 Photo)
alerts building. ‘ tagain include the could n andlprevjous policy at remaining
Touloht's concert Will also career works as well as “Pre- 10:30 hours for women with a
l reatiireanappearance by arm~ slides" (mm Book II of “Douzeicertein number or CF games.
cells quarter- .resistance the includes,» by clause embassy; Miss server explained that this
xerox_quarter. They will join .trades Symphmques Opus l3atlas necessary because the
browsing for the opening se- b R b «t ,1 f d T ' equipment of the processors in
lemon of weight's perform- y ° 9‘ ”9mm?“ a“ 3‘? ,trading with a CF was union—
once, “Brnhms’ printer, Opus last m F Minor. by Frederic sisters, and hence affair to
34," for piano and string quad- Chopin some.
 
women cells sl'allen‘lL leaders
No listening of drink rule
By Richard 0hlcnieyer
 
‘that women's li'stars regulations committee.
. , g . . ‘will be changed, NATIONAL STUDENT Asst)
5““ ”MW“! ““5 “I?” ‘ in other Senate business, formation committee chairman Jack
Gmme“. P‘dildo?‘ H°“"‘”l 3' Evans, chairman or the contact-iChapnian advised the senate
30W?“ “’51 “"5 “991‘ ”m ‘l '5 tee studying salaries or studentjthat in early January renewal
the WWW“ '3‘ “‘5 “0”ng ‘0 government employees, rceom-‘efforts will be made to english
upload the present college needed that secretariat be end. the House win-American Acti
d‘ml‘mg .“m’ 9““ .‘° eM“,‘,““e,players to handle some of the ties Committee and that Grinnell
‘ (“me ”“931” “5 “ala“‘m- tworlc now being done by theyought to take a stand on this
THE STATEMENT came in a‘social' coordination committee. tissue.
- » .- Evans also recommended i
e t a VI it t tie i
m e m” ‘ “day "‘g‘ girls‘deals that the salaries presently paid l
local‘d and the men's Council of to members of the social C0-
l indicating committee be nbol- New edt+°r qSkS
 
Nine former
are Peace Corps members
Philip Thomas (economics) I‘E-‘
leader this week a list of names feelings about (he Peirce Corps
and addresses of Gi‘imiell gi'ad- program. Thomas. who is did'cc»
sites who have been accepted {or of the Committee on liilcr
into positions in the Peace Corps,
In addition to the opportunity tested that letters from Griilnell
of writing to these persons {criminal be \ielcomod by Ilic SIu-‘
Interviews Monday 3
for Harvard, Illinois
business schools
Two i-epa-even tires oi
graduate schools will be on
campus next week to Speak
with interested students.
yiarvin w. Peterson or the
Gr uatc School or Business
Administration at Harvard
University will be in Grin»
well Monday, according to
Stephen E. Wood tdcnn 01'
men) to speak with students
considering graduate study
in preparation for administrative careers.
Peterson is administrative
assistant to {lie dean of the
graduate school and is par.
regularly interested in students majority in liberal arts
and sciences.
Louis D, Volpp, the associate
director or the Graduate School
of success administration at.
the University or illinois. will-
also be on campus Monday. .
THE PROGRAM at illinois is}
designed primarily for student ,
who have inspired in social scie
c cc, natural science or lluli’larry
islam ﬁends or study. ‘
Grinnellians
more information as lo
national Studies program.
cents abroad
The students are:
Helen A. Carter. ‘50
American Peace Corps
Katiiianju, Nepal
Nancy M Daizell. ’Gl
Peace Corps
c/o American Embassy
Kuala bumper. Malaya
penis S. Furbusl'i, '59
Peace Corps
(2/0 American
pages, Nigeria
Keith librarian. '52.
Peace Corps
c/o American Embassy
santa Domingo
Dominican Republic
Gary w traveller, ’61
Peace Corps
c/o American
pages. Nigeria
Kenneth B. I‘iohinsoll.
Peace Corps
c/o Aincrican Embassy
solomon. Ceylon
members wins Salmon, '01
Peace Co
e/o practical Embassy
Manila, Phlippines
arshn G Smith, ‘61
Peace Corps
P.O Box 3866
eddie Ababa, Ethiopia
Embassy
Embassy
’62
catherine Aim Wi’ighl, "[52
international Voluntary
vice, c/o U,S OM. Education]
Box 115
due, Vlei Nam
tl-house treatments . .
. island. .’
j COHIP President Steve How- l Social Coordinator John clear‘ for S+off members
1 on. reporting on the meeting to steel replied that social store-i
. the student Senate Wednesday, ‘varies were neither needed not;
said, “The administration has granted by his committee and.
. stated that they are i“ equal- that the present system is superb
. pod to accept the reconinienda- iiioi- to that proposed by Evans”.
tion or a new drinking rule -,__.__
troiii the students as the sole .
criterion to direct a changing
my [g.nymrmﬂeg achieving calls for scientific ethics.
notes limits in religious experience
evaluate for themselves their ‘
responsibilities in a college l
. community." l _ _ _
, _ l By hills Simherlort ‘enllflc community can no longer
.BA52°%atesld allen flight; 5&3 Stan Writer see its duties as being only the
closer “£53.15; i3""i”ne°s;ia°r§' Dr- Harold K- achieving- meanséil’ﬁelli‘ﬁr doafta item will:
lthat eﬁactive Sunday, there will 0‘ “‘3 Pemsylwmm Stat? grad-love responsible'm the result.
lee no highway mom inspection ““9 “hf? SlP°.ke.,he"e g" ”SC‘d ing transformations on society.”
lfgleil‘estoiyinelli: hall: ) (Sec re ‘13};ng dz; 9 19°" 5““ ”y a“ ‘ He_ said that his proposed sci.
‘ 3' p‘” ' 1 The topic of his opening talk, 9355‘: :32ch 33:21: $955123;
l MISS BRILEY'also said she at it pm. on Sunday in ARl—i‘the “’(hole scinmf community,
«has been told by the Administl‘a-Iaudilm‘lumt was “Science. Eth—
'tion that there is no possibility
l
Students interested in positions on the start of next year's
charles and Black are requested to contact Tom F‘polymer,
Box 311, by Thursday, Dec. e.
 
their 1
sl‘
. ~ ,, g . a rather than ethics from an out-
its. and the future. achieving side source
emphasized the validity of_ MONDAY AT 11 am Schill-
igiglggiiaibrio\‘th:yl:;::1:;“'Drldlijng presented a chapel 15,8?”
Ab physician he has round 0“ 5mm? a " d R9133”;
um me mugmuemes or a“ Knowledge in the Futiil‘c.’ This
unexpected quest for known‘ ‘table was centered about the
. anatomy between the german<
edge can outreach the proof— l w . ,.
“we mm} or its discovery, ‘once of obtained scientific data
. _ , . and the permanence of religious
achieving tools that SClEnCelexperienceshould accept President Ken—‘ .
. .. . He tools that use as theorem'iedy challenge To predict, to its change ““15“ not my
ment y, and to deal with the man the am we seek to
social consequences of their de— “Phi“ so ;eligible" concepts
\‘loans," . . .
b . . change While the stability of
SCHIAIVrLINGﬁstud that the Scl- religious experience is con-
. l
Board to choose 8&5 managing editor l 5”” ‘
achieving tried the teaching
for the dual nature of religion
The oiiniicll family-student. hirusclr selected by the com» :50 that people can retain a
Committee on Student Pllblicael‘ little. sense of security mm their
,tons Wednesday voted a $200; Persons who wish to apply for “1th m pm‘ changing worldiycarly salary for the position or the position for 1963 should sub. That afternoon a course hour
charles and Black managing cds-visit letters stating their job was held in counter lounge
for. ]qliullﬁoptions to Jane coleman, during which Dr. achieving more
it was also established that :committee secretary, on or be-‘carefully examined his views
the managing editor will he ,more next Friday, Dec. 7. The and the difficulties in own‘
selected by the board. This po- 'cornmittec will interview apply. finding people that the pursuit
1 action has previously been at» of knowledge is not an end to
wants the following week at a
pointed by the editor who is crime to be announced. itself.
lJanuary 7 deadline
‘for Travel — Service‘
Deadline for applications for
Grinnell‘s Fifth Year Abroad ,
program is Jan, 7, I963. information can be obtained from
Philip Thomas teronoinicst, di-
, sector or the Committee on Iii-
: variations Studies program
l
l
l
l
 
Sci» l
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, November 30, I962
 
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, [own
A weekly news uicr published each Flldnv
ice hi inc c in I comment m. Silillrlll rm
ll.lm .\ Nclill climb... iluimcuiul for email .
by N iolul numeric sen
i-cscvulliiu
velmul clip.
die in: ol Mil
*iulu.
r llc gamma
mmu \vn
.uhmluiu
iiiucicu as
huvi, “rules
ll iici- school
. law. Slibscrllltion file
m Hatﬁend
sage Buck
, . . . i- springer
News'eihlm , , . . . .i no
im Neus Ellllol kuimul Ulllemﬂbl'
line Editor
nail
'lmiiihl cum,
Lﬂsale Brusletlcn, siic
 
All letters to the Editor written for publication in the charles
ml Black must he types and double spaces. No unsigned letters
I be printed. However, printers' names will bl: mitchell upon
request. The 8&3 reserves the right to shorter any ltttci‘l
Responsibility and the rules
It's ll difficult thing for students to make tale tranny7
tion from home, where roller are understood because allen
are established on a personal basis which allows flexibility,
l-nd college where 1200 persons must live ill close pro. img
i’v under rules which objectives seem to have no meaning
for the individual.
. CASE 1N POINT is the hours rule which is llCCeSSlr
they by the fact treat the college is l‘ sponsibile for
safety and reputation of its students as well as its own
reputation as their lrdiall. I don't believe any Grinnell
:.tom'moderator is filters tell ill seeing the hours lllles obey
ed for any other reason.
They agree that students must be allowed to make
their own deck
r here those decisions involve the responsibility of the college.
However, tale college cannon expect students to help
meet this responsibility unless it reflects their own sense
what is right and float is wrong.
Valid suggestions for rule changes cookie only from a
n ajoi'its of those involved—in this case the students who
e under them, the parents who make it possible for their
children to do so and the friends of the college who further
support it.
But as long as rules exist they trust be opened.
It the rule is unrealistic, such as the drinking: rule
seems by many to be, then it should not be broken
belt should be changed through effort ill the proper
manner.
The “proper manner" is not to argue that a rule
“cannon” be opened alld then prove it by not offering to
I But, to argue that the rule "should not" be opened and
obtain a majority opinion. A campus references is the
first step in this direction.
BUT NO INDICATION of what the campus thinks
“should” be done will be respected by the Administration
unless a sense of responsibility is shown toward opening
the rules which exist now.
The drinking rule is not being informed properly. Hall
treatments who run on the nonrelltol-cement ticket are tax-
-ing the easy and wrong Way around an unpopular rule.
Despite the fact that the Administration has said
no to extension of hours and to a change ill the drinking rule. the possibility for change in the future re»
maine.
There has been considerable discussion of the initiative
of honor plans to calculate student responsibility towards
rules.
The components of those plans are, first of all, arlington majority of Grinnell students to reaffirm attitudes
which they already hold and which are a direct result of
the type of education which Grinnell old‘era.
SUCH AN AFFIRh‘IATION is valueless, except for
college publicity reasons, and is resulting to the student
who is attempting to live according to his own, sincerely
calculated standard of conduct. The students who would
l'locate jul ellt regulations will village an honor code
VIS‘t as e: fly.
But what the proposed: of the codes are overlooking most (if all is (llili there is no universal per
local standard of student behavior. deliver ll behavior
can only be regulated by rules and so it is the rules
themselves which lllold student attitudes, not the reverse.
IT SHOULD BE the responses tr of the accident gm
element and the activists title to supplier investigate the
d 'making rule and the possibility of extension 01‘ hours so
that they might present students with rules which not
only “should” be opened but which “can” be opened by
every Grinnell student because he sincerely feels that lie
is doing so for his own good and for the good of the com—
liability. '
Jim Hatfield
5&3 Editor
oils but they draw the line at the point,
_ FORUM :
FOR ‘
DESCENT ,
By Tom Phillips ,
, This week i would like lo
‘talks up llc subject of i-‘i-ce‘
:will; phil ll is, and whether ue‘
have ii iii incl. in our pi-cscnll
age, tale world seems to bc still,
iiilo two sometimes unconscious-l
ly warning sections on ellis qu - i
,ubn, namely the people \allow
‘think 'e have il and llc peoples
,who don‘t l
, Now llc lm-sci- group includes“
I“ wide i-ai-icly oi linpoilanl ﬁg:
viii-cs. including palellls, label.
disciplinary functionality, and
most modern protecting hills‘llSr
loss: these personally believe that
live actually choose to do aily-‘
illimg we do, and are therefore
‘responsible for all our actions
‘and dish consequences. l
l i
l The latter group includes
event-guide playwrights, belly-
,visual and slim types of psyr
cholugists. iiilaiise young college
links. economic dclciininisls and
Cultural i-cialis' ts. ‘
They say that nobody knows
. lW'l‘lClt he's doing, that we're all
tools 01 Something or other', and
the so no one can real]: be placed ”115%
‘m- pi-cisco for anything he docs,
Acllinlly. what lhcv really think}
' that the i-c llc only ones
who know \. ill they're dbiiig.
As is the case with all qi
tions in hiring two warning
section both iii-c probably 1
wrong, And so her-e i would i
l like to state my position lh ‘
l Free \will, like ilnlnoriali ‘
not a gift but im achievement, ,
, ll is llc sluts oi lpcrleci jul nudity in which you cm. see ,
‘ what you ought to do and 1
what you real like doing pink— 1
ed side by side, and know,
, lhul you ought to do what you ;
, ought lo do. And by this I
i mean to hint that the cxpei‘ .
, enre of Free Will i religious
experience. liilil il is the only
state in which man can trans~ 1
ccnd liiiusell and the only
state in which he can really i
sin, and that it can occur see- 1
dom or milan iii the course of ,
lwhat
AWSB President bailey gives ’
background for check change
To the Editor:
The A350 later Women Students Board has made a change
in women's procedures by elimination llc highway room checks.
This \Vlll be on an experimental basis. beginning Sunday, Der
ccmpci- 2 This is merely ii slight change in procedures and
does not art'c t any rules or regulations concerning cloud , Olliolzlown Sign i. sigllrout procedures, llc
ALL REGULATIONS on exit and entry at the Quadrangle
remain as they are now and pcmillics lbs- nfl'action ol any and
all ~ portions . stand
This change the product at special months consider:lion mill has been mile .15 a matter or convenience both
for the women sludciils and the executive officers.
Evaluation at this change in procedures will be made in
pink by occasional lllghtcllecks held by llc Aws Board. further evaluation will he made chi-touch the voices opinion of llc
women m an open meeting lifetime illci the his: oi llc
year
as A POINT of clarity and in answer to many input its
iiilc llc situation concerned women's hours. 1 wish to pbihl
out lhul llc AWS Board kids devoted a considerable ambien
01’ lime and energy to a study of the Situation and lb possible
changes and/or modifications.
llowcvcr, the ndiuiuisliulion sees no posts
change in women‘s hours at the present time.
Donna Jo Biiicy
AWS Board President
is SGA a force at Grinnell?
To the Editor: i BUT BEFORE we get cm- ‘ed
Last Wednesday night Student mvayuu blallllng the adlllin.ti‘aGoiei-smell at Grinnell reached tion, ii is about time lhal all of
a pal lllr The attitude ol [he us, as Grinnell College systems,
major _ pl’ sent at the senate,take a cold, critical look at our‘
i‘nectlllg was, at best. one ourselves and our S,G.A
use before it was over. , Tile lusl question which must
What happened in Senate ,bc discussed is Do we need or
was not new, ll was just more “main student games‘l‘miami" ll
obvious. The meetings of the title answer lo this question i
Senate have become a force! iiio. lhcu let‘s dissolve our so.
We are mm .1 rubber stamp iuhd quit unsung cut- lime.
in jul‘ leadership—we just i in Tim .wswrl'l is y s. then
follow. l think il is time for some seWe have been asked to discuss virus consideration to be given
the role of S‘tldcnt Goveiumcuhllo the methods at presenting
our i- disabilities and our ideas shichcau be used efprivileges pic in relation lo the receivers.
list oi the college community, If Sludcnl Government at
This is ’all an out '0 th at lack;Griuucll is to mean anything, we
of changes in the in king rule‘must li~y to calculate an attitude
and women's flour ibolh areas of Concern among all of the stuwhich have been i-eieclccl by the cents, not just llc "chosen lciv."
administration. llllivilyu D. All
Poll tried in evaluation of split checks
To the Editor:
What was understood in
Loose’s llousellleeting concerning.
major use of the spot checks
in the new procedures change
for night-check was that these
ty for any
our present system? We only
have the memory or a few nor
minus court cases, and rumors
of other- incidents, but up actual statistics.
Having lived in a basement
room 1 am well aware that the
a person's life, depending upon ,checks would be used (or evalil-,
that personal capacity {or com. listing this new system. il was number of girls who are apple»
music .A” we ms; of our false understood that if this suspended for leaving the Quad he-
liic is really llllmdrunl,
we do what we do because of
5 hell or patterns,
the Class War. l
There's a famous old phrase
which goes “to understand all is
in foreign all" Now that's all
right lo a certain pool, because
most legs are done out at
iconlusiou and not through choice.
But when month heard the clear
voice of God and chose lo hide
lmm il, he signed; and when, in
,Gclhscmune. Christ heard the
,claim- voice of God and chose to
‘obey il, He was blessed. i
i
And let me just add shall‘
clearing the clear voice ol oclrl
may quite highway be taken as
a metaphor low- amp 'ig all at
once exactly what llc rights
thing to do, and that llidingi
him the voice of God is really,
‘no more chair trying to ignore
a pi-oiouucl moral conjunction,
Moral in ' hl is community: and
,mprlal sin is lo proceed as il‘
l .c had never seen at -:all
i I have
more things to save
,about lh but i keep supporting
’that [he orld has either heard
bit all before or n‘l ready to ‘
‘il vol So I will now 010
‘lo something ri1lc say, limncl)’. lhnl the rule
,ni-build here which leqnil‘es soil-
;iicnls on scholarship to either
stay here or pay back even
cent lucy'vc been “,ln'all is a rat
lcii greece polls lililc rule. and
that llc admin liulois ot' this
college ought to be assumed at
their greece little serves. slippose some kid dress't
‘here, and can’t afford to pay
you back? So you won't lmnslel,
his ci-ed cal'gh.
diminished.
1 question whether the
AWSB and llc “administration” will have any valid and
conclusion basis iii evaluation.
What accurate statistics do we
have about the effectiveness of i
and llem was pop successful, accordrltween l2 and s cm is but a
line to some undoﬁnew standard.
expressed instances for label‘writing women's}
societies, social treasures, pi- illness rules would probably be basis for evaluating
fraction of those who escape.
In order that there be a valid
the new
,system, I urge than an along—
jesus poll be taken asking for
the necessary information. It is
,the responsibiity of the AWS
,Board to see that such a study
is made.
, Sheila scripting
 
normal-iL suites’rs procedure
\ for changing regulations
By Mike llorwatt
In i-ccciil weeks there has been
a garbage of protest against women's hours Not surprisingly,
this criticism has been directed
toward the AWS Board. monthly are his governing
which is thought responsible loiupholding the status que. But
they are iipl. ,
.Rather, the also has demonstrated far more initiative
in security rules changes lhuu
either their «lib or men
constitution (these are often
not the same)
In luck. ea'
this year that
_ _by body proposed models but Sig—i
completely changing the pubmed nihcaiil subslaillive generation oi,
e always wanted women's rules. This earlier pro—l
local is llol lb be confused with
llc musical change, which is at
an adnlinistrallre rather than
substantial nature.
Upon its submission to Fr idea! Boncl‘l. llc plan was reject»
ed. According lo informed sources, hc told the AWSB that llc
mullci- of changing women's
hour is out of their- province.
out any change. in women‘s
hours vol- tale near future.
Consequently, those who are
diseasesﬁed with women's hours
box)"
trust content with the President
not the College and not with the
AWSB or the Deun of Women.
For. highway or proudly, he h
ﬂatly told the constitutionally
functional accident governing org
gun float in this area of student
nffa s lucy can do no sci-c login
lnlk among themselves.
now TO CHANGE
THE RULES
Obviously pressure to change
the rules iiiusl therefore be re—
‘directed. Those who are discuss
,lens ought lo stop competition
‘and indicate positive action.
l kai- happiness on the paul ol
opponents oi women's hours is
a signsﬁcant reason why may
have not been changed in the
put: three and .1 half penis and
are not now being revised.
Bv circulation a movement al-
‘leonard'e lo the present really
album, by oﬁusing a reason \\" the present system is incompa
'iblc with the long-range gcc
l the college and by organizing
as a group, there is little doubt
mm a signsﬁcivil change in pre‘
like 1, Further. hc is said lb have ruled nt arrangements could be se-
icuiecl.
i Certainly it the AWSB recent-
,‘cd more support their efforts
‘ln‘only he more successful.
 
Friday. November 30, |962
RETURNING TRAVEL-SERVICE scholars Cora Lee
Everett, ’62 (left) and Gretchen Sclliele, ’62 (center) dis-l
play to Ellen search the costume and musical instrument
SCARLET AND BLACK
t
persons. achieve, EvereH
Page Three
of Indian, Greek, 7716i life
By Karen robinson
5&3 Stan Writer
In Bangkok Gretchen achieve,
songs to a class of young
chris, “Hear the lovely song
oi the how in wonder along,"
(canal).
es on a breathing doughnut
( marilyn persons, ’60, nlunchs
thought from a street vendor in
tlstanbtll.
, in India Cora ice Everett,
i’til, records the voice of a
.‘farmer singing to his cattle as
.the huge beauty draw water
‘ll‘om a well.
. Separated by thousands at
miles, these three graduates
air'the a common bond. They
they brought: with them from India and Thailand where, are xml'limitﬂﬁng In GI'inﬂall‘s
they have been teaching. (8&1; Photo)
Fifth Year Abroad viewed as
valuable learning experience
By Sally Wagner ,
5&1} state Writer l
sons, and Cora ice Everett, iii
men- Travel—Service school
holders, returned to
last week to report‘on their ace:
iii- its of the past year. t
At a coflcc hour Thursday alter
crnoou, the three girls discussed
the geneﬁts and problems of lie-i
mg Flftlt Year Scholars 1
Cora Lee spent a year teach- t
ing English in the central part l
of India, and Gretchen achieve ;
taught English in Thailand.
marilyn taught English in Turkey. '
She said that one advantages
of the program is that it gives!
the scholar an opportunity to
survey many different varieties
oi interpretations oi life.
scholar is there to learn
other countries and to
them to understand him,
continued. l
Gretchen iclt that the great- r‘
est geneﬁt of the program was
that, as a teacher in the Fifth
Year Abroad program, she had
an opportunity to use all the l
The}
about
help
Shel
years of education.
, travel~Service scholarship pro—
gray.
Returning to campus to report on their activities. the
‘all'lS analyzed one faces at the
particular Country to which they
had been sent,
t GRETCHEN said, “ln contrast
She added that she was ottcnlto “‘0 Swim-i owlcms °I ”‘0
Gretchen vehicle, marilyn care called upon lo d0 many things "N 0‘ AMI Tl‘a‘lan‘l ‘5 “‘
mplbut which she usually managed
Crinnell 1L0 do anyway.
marilyn discussed what she
felt were the greatest m‘ublcms or challenges racing a
Tl'avclsScrvit-e s c h o l a i-. She
said that the basis or most
problems between peoples of
different cultures was that of
a lack oi communication. She
explained that words and actions often mean discrete
things in diﬂprint cultures,
which causes much confusion.
The concepts and assumptions
at these various groups are
also different, she added.
‘ Gretchen mentioned that and
other problem lay in understanding the different customs oi has.
equality in foreign countries
Workshops for
theaters to begin
lee skating workshops will has
, . t . . _
.l\\l]lCll she felt unqualiﬁed to ten,]umq‘may forumﬂle lesson. Hm
brand is rich and supports adelquately her large presently.
vcr population has a home
,density which provides stability.
land, unlike many other under's
developed nations, she has a
nuclear of trained nations."
1 “She has never been colon-
‘ized by the western powers, so
she does not have the hostlltties
and problems which according
independently.
l ”However. there is an april-
.1ing inentia among many of the
ipeople. They are find of the
ydemocratic arcade and pay lip
service to progress but. continue
to use the traditional methods
to solve modern problems."
i IN lNDlA, nationalism per»
located all sectors at life. The
ifirst greeting I received at
:Ahmcdnagar College was not
lhcllo, but the Indian equivalent,
‘lllctol‘y india,” said Cora Lee,
win the western mind indian
luattonalisiu seems to run along-
,the lines of Ghaudrs consistent
methods and that is why we
This process is held back today
only because she is not agreed
as to what she wants"
i In their respective county'its
beach of the girls served in a
;girls’ school as an English teacher
t,’ “I taught beginning English to
children who could only say
l‘hello,’ goodbye: and ‘I love
you, By the end we were able
wto carry on discussions, some of
which were rather heated,” Cars
‘01le explained.
l GRETCHEN added, “Teaching
‘often took all the ingcnu v i
should master. Classes wcrc tel'v
large and equipment was not
beautiful. The Their children
there very she so I ﬁrss had to
lbuild their conﬁdance. 1 red
ranked many of the comp songs
‘I knew to website to the activated
lot the young chris, and this
helped”
She continued, ~ny intensity
]\\'as really bed when I yes
talked to organize a square do
one evening. It had been yc
since I’d square cancer, but
called up my low steps of 'Tl -
,key in the strap‘ and comes
,‘them with the Virginia see
“We had no square (name
music so I had to make (16
with ‘Oh Susannall’ which my
students knew. Somehow It
worked out, and everyone had
it wonderful time," .
i In sucking up her exp'
,enter Cora Lee commented,
something, I learned tower-and
There were times when I was .
related with things down to the
every narrow of my bones, h l
11 had to accept the source o
station and act constl’until
"The vast differences in all
,sure tested my ideas about per-
:pre and gave me a new insight
,into them, as well as a brands
Ipetspective on the challenges or
your world.”
iii‘r’ii’ititii
waters help mental illness.
l‘t’dlitleii‘ieii tells science group
, "A revolution in medicine has
,been occurring in recent years,"
invited Dr, Calvin VauderWeri
in a talk at an American Chcnr
ical Society meeting last guess
‘day The revolution to which he
,was referring was the increasing
use of tranquilizers, especially
in the treatment of mental dis
ease.
i ‘SlX years ago, for the iii-st
time, there were empty beds in
;the mental cards ol our has—
,titans, with the increasing use
‘ot tranquilizers in conjunction
with psychotherapy, brain sur
very and shock treatment
disappearing as methods or treat.
ing mental disorders," continued
‘Dr. Vandci-Wcrt.
Trmiquilizers are compounds
which have the ability to calm t
a person without making him
browse and without rolling
him or his mental efficiency.
This year, $300,000,000 will be
ze‘
would find wide acceptance by
the general public. This need
was filled with the discovery
of the preparation type, :muscle relevant.
A discussion of transit
‘textiles on animals was follow
‘by advice on who should take
tthcse drugs.
l “ONE POINT should be inai
ttranqulliz s are workers‘ﬂ
Idrugs . . . for animals.” roman .—
ted Dr. VanderWerf. “The target
those given was to a whale b ,
more’ an operation on its hear
A small per cent oi humans
will reel sidesetlects from t
lusc oi tranquilizers. it is for tell‘epson that even the mlldtt'
‘ti-anquilizci-s can bc purple .
only by prescription,
The drugs are not cabin tori
,ing, and the miller once ha a
very high safety marking.
The social and moral im
intensity and creativity which lgin soon on career Plaza, giving
she had learned during many lintcrcsted students an reports-
' ,, ' ' ilnity to learn skating techniques
or practice with individual in.
selection.
aware so operated over soa.
‘Ghalldi is only an ideal of In-
pxanlplc,”
(plan nationalism rather than all
CAROLYN solid, ”After being
unions of the use of trinity
. , concluded Dr. handed-her
20,000,900 WW” “"11 We 0'“ italy. Many objectives have been
0‘ "‘0” ‘l'aimed to their use It is a pope—
Dr. Valldchcrf discussed the.car Icellllg that without “dive .
Spent on tritnqullizer pills, and
would not
Program I (School ﬁgames)
will be Iron) 3 to 4:30 p.m.
and will include basic strikes
sing, stops ii crossovers
i the ﬁrss ship. Three more 1
sessions will follow.
Program ll (ice dancing) will
begin with the same program
and will progress in four more
sessions to dance fundamentalsu
tThiS program is scheduled front‘
{4:30 to 6 pm.
. A Tnutn program will meet,
,from 7 to 8:30 p.m and will in-l
lcltlde irce skating moves with
individual instruction. 1
l Those defining to participate
ishould sign the list on Miss
tGeoi-via rental's uiiice door on
‘the Union first ﬂfor.
,in a mid—eastern nation, 1 have
,bccn troubled by the question of
that much westernization is do.
disable, Turkey chose under At
nature to tllr’n West and gain
the advantages of a technology»
cal society.
“To do this she also assumed
many or the nontcchnical cuts
toys of the West and l'elJudiiitcd some at her own heritage,
but the old ways die hard and
there is still only a center of
westcrnization.
“In the future Turkey will
probably use westcrnization only
as one \"ay ol achieving what
she wants, to supplement rather
than to supplies her her age
 
SALES
16 REPAIR a RENTAL
history oi tranquilizers by try .
line the development of the three
mall) types,
‘dissatisfacticn” man
be able to cope with this world
not insurance and identity.
DR. VANDER \VERF, however,
THE FIRST type to be isolated‘ ,
,was Rauwoliia, a drug found in‘feelS that he and other charms -
India and shown to be an ellCcA , ”king 1" ”‘15 ﬁend “are ups»
time compound for the rebel ofﬁnglthe door to the Chemistry
intervention. Soon alter its in,“ “Helllgsnce.
‘production, it was found to have: it has been estimated that
another property it could only five milligrams or ccrtah
calm its user. This discovery led chemicals separate motors iron.
to the nomination or the ti~an.,Einsteins. Dr. \[andci-Wei-t in.
quillcer industry. cited the chemical oi tomorrow
J , :to enter this field, a field whic'l
‘ lllemthmzlnet the 5690M typehncludes the study of drugs s ,chi
ol tranquilizcr, was iii-st use-dogs “unquiISMS‘
leliectii-c tr'tnqtlilizcr Uiilik'ei?nlIy “‘° ”Elma" 0‘ ”‘9 “Fe“
lilauwoltia ll‘ is a sin'isle—ski-uc-t5.”y 4e9mn‘e‘“ t” “‘5 Um‘
turns drug that can easily bell‘ty ”1 Kansas and “‘1‘? ‘V
gynthmzad input year assume the providence
‘ . . ‘ot l-love College in Holland,
Although these ﬁrss types ‘Michigan. was it Grinncll und
t .
were excellent for treatment a Ford Foundation grant [01‘
* Smith - Corona
‘k Olivetti
* series
of mental patients, martial-
, buyers still wanted n miller
, drug ta ‘school-traveler special,’
l as Dr. Vaudcerci-t put it) that
lltlllg scientists.
He is the author of several
textbooks, including one on the
ynthesis ot tranquilizers.
 
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES glNGER SEWI
* * ‘k *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed Match Book Covers
school and Party Supplies
scripting
GRENNELL OFFIQE SiﬁPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
meets on either machine.
BERNECE'S
We Ship Anywhere
Tel. 236-4759
 
Paul. Minn.
 
NG MACHINE
Late model can be seen in this location. Small
balance or payments of $4.89 per month. also 1961
full uuiomul'i: big aug. over half paid. Small pay-
price Credit- Depth. Col--
lan Investment 60.. County Road 10. South St.
 
P‘1e\Four
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, November 30, I962
 
”Local boy writes from small vi
Receives I'hand-you's for
U.S. mini’mary assistance
(Editor's Note—The follows
ing is the first letter iroiu
Gordon Adkins, Gi-iiiiicli paris
youth. suit-e he arrived iii india. Adkins is spending Six
months in tlic Asian nation under the International Farm
Toutli Exchange (IFYE) lu‘os
grain. This letter is appointed
through the courtesy oi the
Grinncll iler d-chester.)
i. mbcr 1. 1002
Dear trioiids,
Death to thou—En—wait
find tviciory to indiana
The narrow streets oi Rupzlr
village were created with ap
proximately 2,000 students (plc
may'y, high school and college),
having ﬂage and shooting elegant in a operated demonstration
accounting Chinese aggressive
on India's northern boundaries.
In the past two weeks, there
have been several concentrations or this type
India.
Many student and civil groups
are collecting funds to be used
1or the defense effort. Sonic got.
element officials have volume
family taken salary cuts until
the “undertaken war” has been
Jayzl
completed These are a few ex-i
animals of the growing patriotism
and feeling ot national unity of,
the Indian people in south Fun»
jan State.
Near Himalayas
For three weeks my home has,
been village vision laura, 30
miles from the iootliills oi the,
Himalayas (but still in plains
area» in one of the more pros
corpus running areas of indie
vision maine has a population
of approximately 1,000, the main
occupation being farming A
throughout ‘
ll age portion nf the inhabitants
are ot‘ the Sikh religion twiki
union are easily recognized hot
Itheir input hair, tue-bags, Llnd‘
Iiieardl. The closest bazaar
‘collections of small open
shops selling el. 'tIiIilg
firociaokcrs to bi _clcs)
miles tRup-ai) and the most pop-I
:ular mode ot transportation
‘(Otliel‘ than walking) is bicyclei
There is no electricity, pipes‘
‘water‘ stem. 01‘ motor of any
kind in the village The one bath
‘tcryropcrated radio is, needlessi
:to say, very popular, and is ooo
coating (full blast) most or the
,day,
soil"
J‘l'own ,
Family Arrangement
My host father is Kalyzm‘
‘SingIl, a man of ~15 years (6 meets
‘and 210 pounds), with a playing
board and Well kept White jul—
ban, Living with calvin Singh
care his mother, wire, two sons,
and two daughters. In the same
mouse his two brothers and their
families also make their homes.
,Tl‘los is known as a joint fax-
‘in arrangement. The outer walls
>ol the house are made or stone
with the inner walls being made;
‘ol a mud»strap mixture, I
This saint family owns 50 acres‘
of land, the approximate value,
being placed around 5000 Rs.‘
($1000) per acre. Because of thcj
density of the population and‘
‘scarcity of Iei‘tlie, reliable land,,
it is considered to be one of the‘
most Valuable of discussions. I
publication i
The land is calculated by Kals‘
can single's two sons with the
help of two permanent services,
The publication is done by two
[ix-teams with three main 'telling
instruments: (ll steel 7 titled
I
isiuhe‘
his?" India
t
7 China
(a'
ititzsz‘i . a
/
C. I. V gﬁistti‘ti‘
fi'tiﬁ’lﬁl‘”
; powers 5’20“.“ may???
. anemones
(speed. foapii’oi) '
l QBﬁA;
.J‘d ,
SIHON MAJRA LOCATED—This map, hand drawn by Gordon Adkins, shows the location
of vision Majril, the first stop on Atlkilis’ Gsmonth visit to nvidia. The state oi Punjab, in which
vision viagra is located, has an area of 47,000 square miles and ii population or 20,000,000, com—
based to Iowa‘s 50,000 square miles and population of less than 3,000,000.
 
e itself with a supply real Montgomery Ward catalog,
board three inches by 12 indices,of loodsuitis personal photo album, mega—
hy 12 feet, pulled by two 03"} The you-a and grain (trains) lCSJ- In this way I am gaming
teams, seeing to level the‘and 5m“, pmc me and wheat many friends and i feel that
ground alter planning, and (3) a are used m feed the ﬁve Wm others is a certain level oi powerseller—vwooden cylinder 10 left jump, (which supply an rmmiyistanding between us, even
in length and two feet in deals—‘n‘jlkJ and me nine open (puppy), through I’ve been here only three
ever pulled by two (ix-teams, labor). By valid me exceSgiucoks.
which sends to break the large pmdm the rally details a,
class in lhéﬁend; . _ ‘Cash income or Rs 2200 tsacoi Several people have changed
As you might imagine, is IThis money is used for clothing, me for the military aid the USA
no easy task I0 pressure th‘sells, cooking utensils, medicines, is giving their country, I would
ground for planning \vnh close transportation, and other llecessilllic to pass this on to you, I
Instruments The ground 18 SOH‘E-‘cities as they arise, Since tlicreiheve noticed a growing ant'h
times closed three times andale 20 members in this joint Communist statement in India,
I'OUCdSﬂCI'MUNCSbah”?Plant’ilamlly. it leaves very little one reason being the Chinese
me _ lindsay per individual, compression; another one is RusVnrlety of Crops Each mg,“ from 5 m 9.30 nvidia's pro-Chinese stand on the
Mm” “,ups “"2 3‘0““ be" “‘3'Icoi-iici- oi the room in Kalyanpssuc.
ho“ [WW '— among “1959 (W singh‘s house is ﬁlled with a; i would bc very interested in
wheat mm» 1‘ 0» “‘3‘“ C““churches. chattering group of via-‘knowing how the American pa»
““0“ PM“ 5°“ “a,“ andIlagers ranging in age from 7 totpei‘s are treating the sinoelndian
some VGgC‘ab‘CS BY "t“its‘ ““5‘70. Through these will‘ol‘anal‘dispute.
Wide “new ”I "DPS “N cam’isossio with the help or some Next week I will be with my
wooden flow, (2) lcd'clei‘ 'i-fly provide
AlltirCm'nmumst
lt
students alld‘second 50 miles
‘English-see >iiig host family,
:my own limited use of HindiInorth in village Roi Sari.
llangltage, we shuttle throughi Gordon Adkins
{and discuss all available mate. india IFYE a 1902
 
Beloit mills changes; freedom, ‘
'flat Ia ws ' concern other schools
THE FINEST
IN CAKES AND
ROLLS
DANISH MAID
been given police protection aita,
or he received threats front the
Ku flux plan and others This
. . . Communist Party itself canceLiwaS the result of an editorial;
,5Eglggdgﬁgif;,Eglglnti wins); led asiiis W in most completely sms-star,
. . ° . - ‘tl‘lc integration of the University
major academic areas. They are THE CAMPUS is 51111 con-:Or M»; is“. 1 on 018,211 mom:
considering an it month college,comes With this matter off "5 1p _ 3,;
year Much would moms displayed can, however, and a‘and automatic grounds»
more efficient use of the col- member of 1116 student body
legs's facilities, and intensifica- 5a|d_ that “there was a strong
tion or the Beioit World Out.,l>05>'1birth that
once. The students did refuse
lthe request, but because of the
subsequent human Crisis the
By rentals henderson
s at 3 Exchange Editor
 
x .
 
I
I
I
v i
I
 
the University‘i Revisions in the National Dc-‘
look Program with an inch‘eat-lwol‘ld” “:11; ha‘fe “8110‘“: {1513, license Education Act have cause
ed emphasis and variety of ov—,C°m€- ‘5 IS 1e H‘s tmev .
mess study, greater use “such a ban has been enabled at,ed d‘swsmns 0“ Camp‘s“
“independent Study" for mar-granted; around the country. Many
:schools are now discussing
student at all levels, and china.!
ing degree requirements away‘. The happy Sigma iraternity,whether to rcioin the programme
has suspended alexander the new requirerncntsl
from the number of hours and national
Chapter ‘0“ ““".Yale University and the (Jr —
grade point average to a Sy5e Swarthlnol'e
version of Chicago have deck i
i
I
,
I
‘ COSMETICS
i
”s birmingham Drug
.a a a
For Your
various departments which each at: in organizing to dell that
student must successfully pass national's basic principles and,
in order to graduate. ,failure to maintain standards ati‘
s s a Ischolarship." The local chapter;
said that the suspension was
due to its oi'top-ts to eliminate all
,“gentleman's agreement” which,
vemw in Waltham Mass Aidiscriminates against non-writes.‘
student group recently invited, A Swarthmore student station
bus Hall, the secretary of theithat the Nf‘mn,“ Tmasuml
that Jewish members
United States Communist Party‘s”?
to speak on the campus} were browser upon, and any
a metro
tel of academic levels in the teaching to involve other chart-i
ed o reioi
Questions of speaker ban and
freedom of the press .have been
raised recently at Brandeis Unis
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
our Laboratory.
'chapter- which his
Three means, representing the would be expected. The frames,
college faculty asked for a post- ‘lists maintains a 153 average on,
placement of the scheduled op- a 30 scale. I
entrance. and said it it was note
contained the University would‘
probably io-bid H 11‘s
COH'i'uc'l' Lenses Make your Holiday Season Date: a big sun-
‘ L, less with the famous name Cosmetics and drug-
‘ The EDITOR ol the paper at
clear the universal of .Alabama has,
CASES AND I
SOLUTIONS
EYES
ranges from our Wonderful World of Cosmetics.
hm PM
827-4’kAVE. GRINNELL
7&pM356-3ISI
 
Sw
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist
uocxnr
liver
 
Across from Post Office
 
 
 
Friday. November 30, [962
Drama from drops drawings
 
Players to offer cartoon-
1
the day we change the sheets."
chamber-style cartoon by a.
Science exhibit:
peacetime items
"items iii Action,” an atomic
energy exhibit provided by
Oakridee National Laboratory,
will be displayed in the lobby
oi the science building Dec. 3no.
A FREE exhibit Created es
sexually for the cayman, it will
be open to the public and will
include displays describing the
principal components of the
atom, the extraction oi used'ul
energy by atomic mission, aud
the use at interactive materials
in agriculture, medicine and iiidustry.
Three island
model of the N. S. Savannah.
the nation's first nuclear’apr
pulled merchant Ship; an anne
rated model ct an atom'c now—
exhibits —~ zl‘
winners’s Ann Kastcl.
,ci- plant; and a
——will also be presented.
seniors to party
in counter, ARH
demonstration
01 production of radio isotopes
SCARLET AND BLACK
By Mark Sehurr
5&9. small wi-itor
Tllul'bcl‘elovcl‘s die a very
clamiish lot within their own
little circle. they have about the
unaiti.pic art 01' the late James
>Tlltll‘bm; monitor Czlrtomlkt ot'
The New worker n zinc. Why
'2er they so silolibixhlv , ,
Why do \let‘y praise the rough
pencil switches. which could
, pr 'ialiiy be better executed by
‘ a tour year old? ,
,3 WHY THOSE Sotilsl‘aged home
j on and week little men? their
,;basic promise is that Thurbcr's
‘cartoons are hazardous, some at
exchanges
are added +0
art collection
A large volume or Pirancsi
‘ exchange is being presented to
Grillnell's permanent art collection by Mrs. John Frederic our—
why of Santa Barbara, Cold,
and her daughter, Mrs. Elizabeth
R carter of Palm Alto, valid.,
President Howard R. women an.
lnounccd today.
THE SET of exchange, valued
at $4,500, is being given to Grin—
null as a memorial to Mrs. gui-l
why's late husband, an architect
who was a member 01 the prior
iicll class of 1910, He died in
1957,
Giovanni Battista Pirancsi ties
an italian architect who lived
[tom-1720 to 1788 He liimsell
printed most oi the 62 exchange
.‘included in tlic rain and beauty-
l
i
‘ l
l
l
i
l
The illl‘lion‘ Class party will b0 [til volume given to Glillnell.
held next Saturday
with dinner in Younltcr lounge.
Following the dinner.
class
rich the British ﬁlm, “Happy i
‘the Bride," starring kerry whom
,as.
will be ii dance in Yotlnlnz
lounge. Peter Gleystecn and his
‘band will provide the music.
beginning
the t includes
hill go to the ARI-I top“wilson Sci-its." or ‘Cal‘ceo'i,"
The ﬁnfl event of the evening greatly
rumc measuring 17 x 22 x .2 inch
the especially running
s: "The college is rcry iortunatc
_lo receive Such a appendix (-011
election of prints: President
[women said. “They will add
to tile
Grillnell is
,. collection
building." ‘
 
Statistics, icon Iabl
 
Is For Iowa Cleaners
SEE HOW UNHAPPY THE NICE
-MAN WHO WORKS THERE IS:
EVERY TIME YOU BRING AN
NORTH OR SOUTH CAMPUS CLEANING AGENCIES YOU MAKE HIM HAPPY.
CIRCLE THE NUMBER
THE NICE MAN
512 26
OF TIMES YOU MADE
HAPPY TODAY
69 127 205
_HAVE ALL YOUR CLOTHES CLEANED
FOR CHRISTMAS
TAKE A LOOK AT SOME OF
THESE SAMPLE PRICES
Skirts
theaters
blacks
Iowa C
75¢
browsers
Sport boats
75c
leaders
helped by $3,600
Grinnell has received a $3,600‘
built as a memorial to the late;
Keith 5. Burton, a low-l Ctriirt
well graduate, President Howard!
R. women announced today.
, Dr. women said the gift was
kinase by a sister, table Burton‘
,cf Santa Barbara Calm, and an
:hunt. track M. Burton at Los
,angeles.
The twospart memorial will
strengthen and identify an Ecovl
notices and Statistics Laboratory
and prot-inc for a collection or
,250 books on economics, bush-
‘news,and statistics
flows high school
Guillermo vendors, (Stone1
professor ot biology) was at
“Visiting scientist" Monday to
‘the Williamsburg Community
‘school in thlianlsburg,
, As a participant in the pr
,gray, vendors pcrlorinod pic,
,documents and concentrations,
:acid informal discussion. spoke
to science classes, and talked to‘
,tntcieslcd students individually
“at the high school.
 
"/l 1.11 TLE FURTHER, llaltn /MIH
//1¢> lion at 1/1: I’l‘ul'ri l'i are/civil
at 1/}: HM! indie/ti 'i pan/He It)
Tumult l/will llic m . u 0/ Armlriltl VlIlIl/JIV)‘ (JUN/HM! .0’ 01mm:
ti lime create/mon b) one in
Mutual/10‘ um ml'jill'ft'di The palm/fr.4//y III/11mm bird mm'xml, for its
arlci, ilic initial ctrnnlullﬂt'our pl
[Vt/14W iii l/M (bit'ml ndrrinimnnor,
int/l ste mart rice/try [trap/1m xml
bowl non/g l/in piiicr, om nil.
[er/4’41 in [trial]; For the (hunt iii-iwait/ill: PWIW' ulNAiiONAlREVIEW
limit, itillncirlr. Wk ,5, ,m a”, ,
g”): 5; LVN/"‘1 lsoE.J55I.iN-wvtiik
a n m. m N."
 
the bﬂﬁl litilllor of our time
Their cult is not pSCUdO'H‘llCIIEI}
tudiSm, philosophy by Leonard
Meyer, or men D‘d-(l‘d' all They
have found all‘dt Tllllrbcr‘s draws,
i as not only look funny but me
funny.
Naturally their. all the Thur-
, Ilcr»lovers will percent chi
iiiassc upon the freight Theatre
next weekend, Dec. 7, s, 9 and
lo. Dlil'ing' that IOIII'rdiiy span,
the Griunell chapter or the
National Collegiate Players
will present "chamber sarah
val."
It is the dramatic employment
_leave,r pastor to
breach Sunday
i Dr. Etlvt‘ai‘d Manihel, n’linear
, {er of the First Plymouth
. constitutional c h u r c h of
Denver, Cologrwiii be minister
at the Sunday morning cole
lcge church Se)'\ ce. His ser—
mon‘l title is “Pl‘i‘ rice to Ad»
sent."
‘Eight ROTC men
creative awards
Eight Grinnell Air Force
ROTC cadets have received rec—
function for outstanding academy
to and leadership reports, account
mg to Mai. Thomas J Mahcr
hair science)
THE A‘VARDS were made at
a recent cases bouquet.
James H, items, dean of the
THE SET, contained in a \low college, presented Grmncll Cols‘
lcge Alt-ROTC Academic Models
to Cadets Don Cook Edward
Johnson and Richard eye. -.t-
‘ill' Thomas J. yahoo awarded
cadets out-trio Smith, Richard
eye. Phillip Johnson and Donald
district \Htll Chicago Tribune
permanent art‘MCdals ellen in recognition or,
actively dISUUCIiVC scholastic achievelllcllt‘
and leadership qualities. janet
ti’ice janet of the Month,
Page Five
tired‘ 'Tliurber Carnival '
-ot what all those Thurbci-lovers
,have been rating about. it is
‘more than uproarrously letting
climate it is James chamber
D THE direction at Joan
william the play.s ii p ca
sent it; ,clips. which ate more
than small’ typical thumb- .
App mg in ill:- production
ZlI'C Clark Dlii‘Olid, Fttcl’ Comm,
Michael Burr, Keith hilton. John
Williams. Bath Hansen, mail
Parish, Donna Jo bailey. and
. y Blair, The Thurburiaii
world will be enhanced by the
music 01 Bob Taylor, Judy one—
baum, Jim Smith and John True
sing,
S’r. Nick to be
lat rule dinner
1 This year's Uncle Sa
Christmas dinner will be started
in Cowles dining room at no
‘pm. Tuesday. Tickets hosting
$150, can be purchased through
any half representative.
EACH TICKET provides a
Christmas dinner for a child or
:grade school age in Uncle Sam's
'Club. other eating With the chip—
drew, students may accolnpzliy
them to ARH auditorium where
cartoons will be shown. Santa
class is also expected to put in
,an apply ice
‘Gilmour extends
Chicago meeting
i)
c. admin Gilmour (pop.
participated in a two-day oi
session in Chicago last week
on the recommended sc ,auahty. and organization or is
se "2 agencies and personnel
available to state translator in
ltinal illustrations or the Com—
‘lllittee on Legislative Sort-ices of
GILMOUR, State Senator l’ol'
Poweshiek and Keokuk hours-
'Commander Smith named Diemties, was one oi tour state le
 
,visited by vendors:
rim is now oiirii at its new ulMair: IotiltmII—m‘run trout
the StrniuL
 
INFORMATION ON SUMMER TRAVEL BY GROUP
OR INDEPENDENTLY. We represent all major
tour and transportation companies.
930 Main Street
Telephone 236-4384
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, November 30, I962
Want to spend a summer abroad?
rSGA committee can tell you how -
l chairman Paul Courtright, tel.
i
l
Page Six
By Sue cross
Three types of summer already
f programs were outlined unmaden
‘ liliﬁ‘aﬁiii‘ﬁf o‘L°$2i»,inn§§§f°;§;‘iior Amer art students in most or
. . . , ._ lthc European county range
““3“? “‘§°§b5“‘°fﬁget;§§‘e‘:image requirements range from
f??? as“ r )1 med mp5 aszininimal for construction work
will as Olhcfl)l‘étel‘ellis are email l1“ Gm'l’l‘any. “’rFluem 101‘ camp
able to college students With or,°°‘"‘Sc “‘g ‘f ”“CE- '
without language ability. A hurt m. or Nodaystoux
Addresses or program head-
563.
Thc Amer' n Student inner-a
Service products jobs-
is included in the fees. The.
I round trip plane ticket is good
RUTH GRUENEWALD
marilyn Pal-sons, '61, in one 01' the special interviews Set up for Grilmell students in-
arrested in the Fiflthem‘ Ab
By George correct
Every sports column lately
has one last message of the took.
ball seasohiits all-star team, We
are no c caution, although, did—
during from the Midwest Con»
defence. we are only picking one
oﬁengine tom and one defensive
team.
As expected, the teams with
the best records granted most
of the positions. Champion Gates
, placed ﬁve men; North counters
and Clark three men; and
Cowles two men on the team.
Only the three North men arc
seniors, qualifying that most of
this year’s biggest headlines
will return next year.
All-Star Team
Offense
LEvFi‘anti, J, Clark
' Gates
Gates
RT—J’nrssinen North
RE—De Witt sales
QB—Ulrich Clark
iRHLFishcx‘ North
all~links Gates
Defense
LIE—Hood North
C—random Cowles
RE—‘Venncr Clark
LB—banking liable
posted Cowles
soldier sales
RS—alexander East
LS—Fox Langhn i
In volleyball, several calls‘
each took their turn. at blowing;
the lead. Langan. Cowles and;
North each held ﬁrss-place for
a period Of time last Wednesday
Langan’s ten-minute centre be
ing the shortest, At present, any
one of the top four teams are
in a good position to win the
title, and. signsﬁcastle, only‘
Cowles and North of these tour.
have played each other. Next
week will see either one train}
out in from, or a Sevensteam
race. .
Although there is a good deal:
of Competition for switching‘
pool time, inc IM swingers area
mounting married into shaped
among Whltccaps and bars~adidas,,
The optimize running ram-I
part among all the chairman;
seems to indicate that this will‘
be the fastest and best meet in1
years. ‘
Volleyball Standings
North MG
Cowlcs z
Lanpan 2
East '
watson
Smith 21-15
South 46'
Clark 7.17
liable 6724
\best 5~25
'fotos 3-21
2-8
1941
l
i
l
i
.
quarters may be obtained from ‘
international affairs committee
for a full year so time is availilblc for independent travel,
1
 
|
i
(left) and kerry'y l’zu's ilulen question Tl'leelrSEI 'e Scholar
road program last week. (5&3 Phulo)
Display of photographic ar’r
shown in Fine Arts Center
An exhibition of 50 photographs by Lucien Clcrguc and
‘thsuhil‘o lshimoto will be on
display at the Schdcﬁci' gallery
in the ﬁne arts center from logical'row to Dec. 15. Prepared
land calculated by the Museum
of Modern Art, Ne. York. the‘ .
lexllibition is made possible with, ‘ 5&3 ata“ Writer
lthe aid or a grant from the Cle The nation’s favorite football
:foundation Inc, the organization game, the Army-Navy game. Wm
thorough which the Columbia.be played tomorrow in'Phil-aBroadcasting System makes considered, Always a tough game
traditions to educational and‘m pick, msg. yea” game Wm be
Icultural institutions Inc exception. Army, however,
The work of Lucien merger’allowed much better than-Navcyl
la young Frenchman, shows 3 against mutual opponents, an
Ipreoccupation with themes of p . . .
'd atm and delay. In a series onion adam“ ”‘2 M’dd‘es-
visit, template studies entitled, ARMY 1“ NAVY 9
“‘Le Mar-his d‘sales," one sees to; Southern California will ﬁnd;
ﬁactions of trees and reading easy win against an accused,
;branches in a stamp. vegetationlNotrc Dame. 1
land enabled roots which appearlSontliern Cal 15 anti'c Home 14,
engaged m combat Georgia chi 24 Georgia 7 1
Other photographs, with strong;“ 55‘5“)!" ”UtMlis "1’1" 5" 7
icontl’arts or black and white. de-‘U‘C‘L‘A 21,, “ ‘ 14
Alabama 11 Auburn 7
Pm s‘lh‘means 0f Wm D10““;0klnlioinn 27 Oklahoma St. 7
:hy the wind» Powerful groups Tennessee 28 Vanderbilt 9
ideal with motivated bills in a‘price 17 taylor 10
lcorrida, and processes of animals T-C-U- 20 SM“ 13
and birds washer up by the Seal Last [week la right, 4 wrong]
There are also harlequin subjects $12,122 ,2 “secsaso; 171:%“gm’ 31
recruitment of Picasso’s Blue Pe~ ’ 7’ '
riod.
YASUHmO ISHIMO'I‘O’S photographs, on the other hand,
show the effects of urban circles
nation on people, partially demolished buildings, traffic, billboards, and the resolution of
sluts. lie is particularly sympathetic in his treatment of children, and there is a striking
group of pictures showing tliemi
,wcii-day made up for Halloween.
H
ét‘army over kids-53 iii
traditional class
By Bob Savage
7
 
women ’ro ’rank
on enlargement ,
Grinnoll President towards
R. women will speak on “The;
Economics of enlargement”l
Tuesday Dec 4 at 9 pm. in
ARH auditorium. t
This will be the fifth in al
series ol lectures entitled “dsl
Disarmamcnt Really Possible?”
sponsored by the Grinnell1
Student Peace Group.
MAKE A DATE WITH
A STEAK TONIGHT
ENJOY THE FINEST FOOD AND
ATMOSPHERE IN GRINNELL
 
LONGHORN
 
 
.tampa Smor
the Black Knights are due (0'
l Another \velleplanned proof
. his offered by the experiment i t
In llntcrnational Living. Each std-
‘sent lives With a family for
Ithi'cc to four weeks and then
;goes on tour with an American
Swedish meal ,
lgloup and an equal number of
In record with the recent,European Student;
campus relcrcndum, two shares; .
a-meal nights have been planned‘, WHILE THIS plan provides an
for this year. The ﬁrss will be‘ste“SW0 New of a segment or
held tomorrow mm A typical European culture, one does not
_ , .. ‘1 ‘566 the famous rights and is not
filed‘via o u... a
I interests.
,speak dinner. The metropolitan PM a completely mdcpendm
- l d, ' ’ .
club and SAGA have p anne abmm the A mm“
, , ltd‘ip
,the cum "5 "mm" ,Yuuih Hostels cisco many paxil—
Flaskpnnnlmka
‘ items. Hostels throughout Europe
liamohnnr (stuffed garbage ‘provide inexpensive meals and
leaves with grave) lover-night shelter,
, “ﬁlm“ (“I”) 4 i The major disadvantage is the
L‘ml’“ 5”“ ’ ““1““ ”3° ‘hours kept by most hostels which
broad » butter) ‘
require homeless to be in at 10:30
Emmi" MF“ 5‘3“" 19’1““ and out by s a m. The AYH also
orrios an crown
provides tours throughout
lane old Mjolk- (casino and Emom
““Ik) NUMEROUS OTHER programs
The purple 0? the Sham' which include study or work
lasmeal program Is to pm‘kde camps are made available by
board expenses for a for-sign many organizatmg
student ‘fur a whole year. The Because of jumpﬂ low cost
constitution or a Swedish meal of living, expenses are not mph
for the speak dinner will save once one )5 them Travel a,._
enough money to PI‘OVIde fC’arranged-cents can be made through
these expenses several student organizations.
THE SPONSORING organize- Icelandic Airlines and Dutch
[sons are the Board ol Religion, student Ships as Well as Char-
,enter‘national Relations Club, tired flights are} Suggested as.
metropolitan Club, International the least expensive means of
lAtfairs Committee and Saga. ocean travel.
HEAR YE! HEAR YE!
ONLY 16 MORE DAYS UNTiL
BEETHOVEN'S BIRTHDAY!
ARE YOU READY FOR
CHRISTMAS?
Do Your Christmas Shopping
A+ HARRISON'S
Shop for oil-he entire family
and friends «i one store.
Cards
societies
. Records
connect‘sons
Household Items
And Even More
AVOID THE LAST MINUTE RUSH —
SHOP NOW. AND LET'S HEAR A
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. BEETHOVEN
(George B. BeeIhoven. Age 31/2)
 
 
 
 
Friday. November 30. I962
'Open title defense on road
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
' papers face St. Olaf tonight, girls tomorrow
 
i
.swingers open season tomorrowng
*play host to Monniouih, Corlﬂi
By J. Eric Jacobson
SRLB small \writer
men) 4 .
Grinnell's understand ( ‘ ‘
season away
swimming team meets Cornelli
.
and Monlnoulli in a seasonal Knox anti‘e ;
opening contest in the Grinnell
Gi'inncll‘s arslry wrestling
'pool tomorrow. .
The markers swing an inter.
square meet last Saturday. . ,
month In, Simone may ”1 team opens llc season tomorrow
with the Knox occupational Meet
.in Galesburg. iii. In addition to}
‘the Grinnell matter. teams.
was fairly well pleased with
the times for this early in the
india’rmen open;
By Phil King
5 & 2 Sum Writer
The basketball team takes to
the road this n-eekcnd for a pair
‘01 games that Will open the
962-63 season. The Pioneers are
n loginﬁend, Minn. where to—
knight they will encounter so
Olaf. Tomorrow they move the
are s to 'n to single with now—
carol Carleton.
COACH JOHN deutsch will go
with veterans in the ﬁve starting
' ‘spots John Sundcll, penny Asby,
.car Smith complete th~
Kent roger'son. Jun Mifflln, and
unit
which operates 6'3 in height.
Sophomores D a V e seller‘grey.
Tom Buchlloltz. slide Smith and
Randy Morgan are blue to see
SEDSOH."
in the interested meet, Jim
Adelmzm spam the 500. 200 and
100 yard lifestyle events, Jim
Cross computed in the 200 back
from 13 other schools will be
entered.
The Pioneers will send waters to the mat in every weight
class. with Len Calodney in the
‘early action in a reserve japan<
its.
St, Olaf will feature a young
‘team. with eight sophomores on
_ the iii-man squad. Due to start
:ﬁ‘ezk;:r“t‘f 1‘31“ EX: Jfgﬂygreigéatlas pound decision. John Gaal'de‘
stroke and me may” relay 1at 137. Al midnight at 137, Ken;
. . ‘Clymer at 147 Will van force‘
cal Lefkowi . in the 100 free .. ' - _ ‘
style and the two l'elaVS. and at 157, daily Miller at 167, Ed‘
._ .. .t .
Ralph Pray spam the 200 and ifﬁfits°gcifnfmwggl yamwfqo‘ﬁl
500 lifestyle races and the tree can Michel .L‘he.wy'“,eiﬂm A”!
style relay. ‘“ -.,‘ ‘ = . . l
THE SIXTH sticker on theibut midnight and van llc new
. .» e sophomores, a fact whie
team. Jim noble, will he unableipmmmes an 0pm“ ic Mumi
$0 Compete because of an m' outlook for G shell wrestling,
loved hand 1 Coach party Moore cited van
plymouth will probably give Home, palmer and Miller as his‘
the Pioneers their greatest cornmoutslanding, wrestling, stating:‘
petition in the meet. The scott “If everyone lives up to his}
have five returning letter-men‘ipotential and is manually tested.
from last year’s team alongﬁor the meet, we should Iinislli
1tonight are three lctternien—
1Mark samoa. 5-10; Jim Glesne,
tit; and Dave Diorn. 6.6; a
sophomore. Tom Malchow to-ts
‘ and a former alternate prep from
South Dakota), and either Rollie
joe. Gel. Fred muscles, 6-4. or
Dennis jason. 64.
‘ The Oles have six top players standing 6-4 or better. and
. this ability to control the
boards plus good outside short-
, i ing means trouble for anybca
i
\\'all1 Six sophomores from last‘high in the first (division.” He .
)ear’s unbeaten freshman squad. ‘rated Cornell and Duhuque Uni-l
Harry Andrew is in his ﬁrss \‘easily as probably the two;
year as plymouth coach. sxongest teams entered
St. Paul's Student Center
EPISCOPAL
O SUNDAYS—7:30 n.m., 9 1m. and 4:30 pm.
I WEDNESDAYS—7:00 n.m., mechanism l
0 DAILY OFFICES - 7:30 a,“ . 4:30 p.111. i
 
Continental Breakfast alter all morning services
Fr. profile, Chaplain Fr. william, oscar
 
l
‘ J
ON THE 1962 EDITION ol‘ Grillnell‘s lizl ketball team
are (lie five relief‘men pictures above. sterling (left it)
'glll) 'cu'e Kent anderson and John russell. Standing are
'm wifi'win, G4 I' Smiill, and Dennis Asby.
55 variety athletes, 35 freshmeil
receive letters, funeral awards
Fillyelive variety athletes and letter and funeral cards res
lhirlyefive freshmen received relatively m three fall shorter
Thirtytwo lrlembers ot the
Conference championship moir
 
 
Piuy-by-play-Frosly Mircllell-play-by-piuy-Frosty Mitchell
ball squad received letters as
idid seven members of the cross
country team that placed second
in the MCAc, and fifteen tickets on the interested soccer
steam.
Fall Sports Letterwinners
Football
Fred Arnold, Dennis Asby,
boston powers. Bob Chubrich.
IKlngsley Clarke. Jerry Cozad.
‘Jay butler. Arlanc range. Howard Dunn. epson Etheloah. Dave
longer. Joel coleman. Jim sale
Carleton boards a veteran con-
.vincent led bv h/Oellme telecom—
:defence forward Dave Current.
lie and ties center Jim Mozko
rovidc a powerful front court
duo that has more than adequate
isupport in guards John Tumlgl‘en. Gel). Dave garden. Sell, and
‘iWendell Duiﬁend. 5'10. and more
‘words Mike journey. 6—4. and
Terry Miller. 673.
. Coach british has deep respect
for both teams. voting that
1Carleton is the pre-season fame
‘site for the conference chat—
Ipionship. and that St. Olet is
all and strong at all spots.
HOPES FOR. Grinnell victorian
‘rest on the possibility of the
.Pioneers' muscle and rotation of
’players everything St, Olai's
height on one hand and harley
ton’s lack of depth on the other.
british points to the fact that
Grinnell will he play’ing‘ on
strange courts. always a handicap and even more so in the
opening games.
i Grinnell will be hard pressed
.to retain the title which they
won so hanging last season. These
initial two games are or crucial
importance as a pair ot victorian
could send the team on its way,
:while defects at this stage of
the season would be a below to
the mobile of the team.
Grinnell-Corleton Basketball
1:15
KGRN
Frosty mitchell-play-by-play-Frosly mitchell-play-by-play
‘Petc lieinzelman. Dennis Horn
term, Steve powell. Gene Ko- force, Neil being. ‘
were. Jim McKlvecn, Craig Mc-i Freshman funeral winners
hands. Morgan Michel. Eric} Football _ _
Miller, Larry Miller. Dick 0r.- Barry Anderson. Craig Driver,
‘chart, Art Pcte.on, cartoon‘Mlke Fort. Jack warrant Dave
Peterson. Dick clean. Rein rural,times. Eric Jacobson. Paul JohnFete Staben. car Smith. Kirk‘son. John jersey. Jeff needs.
Van ‘rlooyan, steve married, Art Dave Lundherg. John joe. John
Weyrnuch controversy, K1125 cash, pick
songs. A lcd eternal, are
Jeri ”has“ 'xml Nonhen'|handling. Dave Synhorst. Paul
= , , ’iThurston. Tom Wood.
Paul potter-son, slide Smllll. Cross Comm
had Winieckr i Y .
, Bob Dyer. Mike Lewis.
SM" ‘Murtleldt. John raising.
Anku. Steve
.P.M.
Tomorrow
Jim
Gene
since Brooks. .wildcrmuth.
VFl‘ink Chilingulo. Don Cook. Stul Soccer .
‘pulling, Steve hollywood. saved Richard really, Pete Barry.
‘valley. Ed Johnson. Al Mac—Mike concert. John Dean. Al .1. ,
iKnigllt. Bill panel’url, Jim Ram- Hand. Steve Johnson. perform
see. Dave Scott. Jim noble, Johnson. Bruce Kaurniann, John
Sandy Stern. William Van iraqi.
BATES
FLOWERS ’
1410
on your dial
 
 
 
 
 
Page Eight SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, November 30. I962
Release state of winter sports
Schedules for basketball swim- ———> ~¥ — r» , 7 77*
mlng, and WICStllllﬂ have been
1:18:11..:1.:1'21;:“2:1111's;cross will battle‘ bad/é,
Grmncll.
By Len Caloduey Basketball d I' d
5&1; Sports 00.91111.” Nov. 30751, 01:11, there. g" men 0 3y I J
, Dee. licarleton, there. I earned
According to John C. Truesdale (physical education),l Dec. 77simon, here. By Ed Atkins I i
director of intramural athletics, at Grinnell, the 1M pro-l Dec. ll—powell, there. 5&1; Staff Writer
g1am“is designed for all those boys not in interesting' tel 1360- ”#KHOXY ”10W . By Lyn“ Damn"
. _o 7 ' r » . 1‘1 role l1ei Ill should be ll e d
athletics who are physically able to pa1ticipate” Unlol- De“ 23 “9 Honda) Faun” 1ti11guide1nggcha1done,ibm 1;; “:5 Thou: were some su1p1-1see 111
ment, here.
tunntel1, 1there are several finally which at lpiescnt are not. Jan. 3 Beloit, there \year 's Grinnell (1 1mm“ basket Wiellgybalxlwmis week. plains: lost
running t1ei1'p1"og'1ass in the spirit of this principle. Jan. ZiiMomnouth. there, shall may according m Coach 15 151: 1 contest 0 the year,
11‘ SEEMSTHAT the bend toward 11111-at-:1ll-<:out has, Jan zeimwmmcy her ‘add powers, lbgldl 1:36:11: plays Sﬁtrasrt'egollfgé
been creating into los for the past level'al years where1 Jan 297cm). there.‘ “We' are,” quite a; deep as week off by hanging the Heme”
it wash t present before. It cannon be denied that anywhere; Feb l—Rlpon, tlms- we were last year" ”updated their so1e tournament 1055 and
there is competition, there will be a desire to win, and: lab- ZALa‘VTCl‘CQv ”‘5”. powers ”but we 'do have more took over a share of ﬁrss place
some men will show policies superior to others. Granted: £9: 93’3“” hﬁl‘c'h _ 1 height." {On Wednesday years detected
also that each hall 11' l Illeld tennis in the various sports a ‘* “mom 1 me' ' thirdrranked Cleveland in a
.7 , _ . _ ‘ . , -.1
composed of place1s 1.1 hose abilities are somewhat better €211: 13.31331 ‘35; -d°{:‘e,ngltegg° ,egg $322" Gg’l‘n‘well played contest.
than their fellow hall members. ‘ Feb ”ibm-1mm, here ‘Ansbcrg and A1 Peterson~ave1= Participation in volleyball
But the thing that seems to be packing: is a considers- March liBeloit. here, page at 6’2 has'been grﬁmeans to the 1”
tion on the part ol' the 1H chuinnen for those boys whose search micro, more, I “THE BEST bammndms 111d chairman. There haVe been
abilities are not 011 a par with some of the other “IM 1:1 , few ”lens: “d i“ ”"91
. , . . . . , 1 . l11note's1' ht 1 - .1 eur-1 ., 1 1. n
cocks’ 111 the hall, but who are willing to device tl1e11' S“‘"‘m‘"g' ‘ ' '1; "W3” 9 ”n”! ”‘sm‘yes ”‘3 “men “m”
. , . . 7 .A _ . _ h 1 Gordon Kinkead " said Bow—1 fewer than the regulation 1111m-
time and - h 1 1' . 111111e no 111111 is xJec ed to Dec 1 .funny“ COW“ .‘“‘ - , .
confirm £th!th itdoeqtl 351:“de p'u‘ticip‘union tim: 110111“ it plymouth trrangulm; here. ice‘s, WIlIl the height of the oth-l 9mm 1“” followed Mfume
t 1 1 1 1 . , ~ , ,
is still hoped that i[' at all possible everyone who has given bu Df‘c %— Km“ “plays, (341953“ 1m“ laws 0“ [he ﬁrss ﬁtel This season has also seen the
the practice time should be able to see action in a game. “‘g' 17 . ‘ two Should have good bond scheduling Dflstfqme games on
Only when this competitive is obtained will it be possible "a” 1‘ 7 whom Slam “9‘5 Strength low." lsatulday, "’h‘“ “5 91““ 5“C'
1 , lcessl‘ul, Volleyball continues :0
to Say that Clzuk HALL W011 a 2'21""? large} ”‘3“ 1‘ small I J_“" 19 _ b“ WESIQA’“ This nitcrilonn the freshmen 'he the most popular of the team
group 01 athletes 110111 012111: did the same let-
- " .lM sports.
J< _ 26 7 - ht ‘ 1 . _ “all play the football team at
11113 3131c AT‘TI’lUDES of most 111 cl 1111111211 are “” C‘C‘g °“ ‘9” 4:11.111 out-11y gym_ T111 [mm 1
good They favor a policy of going out to 11111, BUT with :9: i “ 1:1“th T"? ﬁrss clearly scheduled game I The tournament COUNTIES un‘
allowing as many as possible to play and have fun. How, 9 ' * em- e‘e- “1 Vacation “ms- The big game
e191, in the heat 01 consideration this philosophy is often lab» 9 — LQWYCHCE 1mm WI" be w1th \Val'tblu‘g, Dec' 3' to watch will be between Main
fOl‘IOttell especially jj the 131 chairman is a play er coach l Feb 15 ~ Carleton, there mounting out this year’s squad and being‘s, The second meeting
I“ lol'del l0 reach $01118 kind of llﬂl)l)V medium ill l Feb. 16 — St, Olaf, there. are A, J. Hand. VSam Lucas. of the leaders should decide the
lM’s, and to make 1mm. use of the program, Isuggesi Feb. 23 _ Nebraska, here. Terry packard, F1111 Cunz, Stev-e‘trnphy, but don't count the oththat each 1M chairman. especially if he expects to be .1 Mar 1‘? 7 111nm“ some.» Woolperl, Mike smaller, Dennis el's out. It's common Volleyball
participant “Mm. than 11 specialty, should account 1“.” ,enca meet, Beloit, his McDonald. Pele coleman, and fare for the anderson to knock
“coaches” who would direct constitution 11 her they fell ,wrestling- Mike Greenﬁend ’05 the (0P 18amit “'35 [995“]?19- ' ‘ Nov. 311 7 Knox Invitationhl, "ﬂ "'
These appliances should be basically non 1)l£\\all ', and Galesl’all‘e- 1” . .
“(mid guide both square of a two team spot, 21 1011 the Dec. 8 — Warlburg, there. Best Pizza In Town and Best service Too
Ill/l chairman could not hope to do alone These coaches Dec. H — Simpson, there
would be most useful for the 11into1' sports but in football‘ Feb. 1 7 plymouth, hero. AHRVANOIS
one could be employed. In softball, a relayﬁr‘rely slow mega, Feb 2 7 Knox, here.
ing sport, it would be possible for the ' chairman 0 Feb 8 7 Lawrence, here. . . .
handle the job alone. Feb. 9 _ simon, here, Open 1"" 12"” P‘M~ DGIIY
POSSIBLY T00. 11‘ there were better communication F917: 15 - Cal‘letter ”mo ' 10:30 P-M- Sunday
between calls, they would 1era\ their deals about substance Feb, 16 7 st, Olaf, there.
tion, and make bus the mom open competition it was Feb, 22 v joe, there. - Free Deﬁvery 5:00_]2;a°
meant to be, with less pressed on both coaches and atm— March 1. _ Mmmst Con.
sites defence Meet, here.
6000 PIONEERS LUCK
THROUGHOUT THE '62-'63 BASKETBALL SEASON
VARSITY NEWS STAND
 
 
 
 
PRESTON'S CLOTHING
RAMSEY INSURANCE AGENCY
BROWNS” SHOE STORE
GRINNELL STATE BANK
POYNTER'S
SOIOMS ESHOHTTHM
UNITED FOOD MARKET
IOWA SOUTHERN UTILITIES
 
 
 
 
