.
Communist speaker queen views ;
youth's does in largest framework
By Cal soldier
l
Dan robin, editor of ”Comrl
tourist Viewpoint" and a member of the executive cabinet of
the Progressive Youth organic—l
ing Committee, spoke before a‘
group of students and faculty in
ARH Auditorium Tuesday
Speaking on the topic, “15 Mai ,
ibm Youth's Answer7,” robin}
outlined the problems facing
American youth and when.'of-l
for-ed causes and solutions for,
them. i
sending the insertion that,
most problems people face al'e‘
personal. he suggested that a:
direct connection exists between
our problems and our “capital.
society," robin said that one,
of our major problems, the cold,
war. is attributable to our so-i
dirty which is ’controlled bye
journalists, i
concentration on the- cold want
he assisted that this situations
"produces pensions" in the mindsl
of young people and might have
a bearing on juvenile delivered-l
cy. The cold war, he said. also;
meters funds which could be:
used for social welfare pro-l
grams, federal works projector
and federal recreation programs.
robin pointed out that the
cold war also institutes a semi-‘
our threat to civil libraries.
robin said that the causes
of these problems can be found.
in ”the ‘very nature of the’
capital system." He singles outl
“giant journalists" as struggle
ing successfully to continue the.
cold war, supplies degrees, and‘
foster ultl‘freight wing groups.
Portraying the U.. as an1
professor nation, robin stated
that our weapons are primarily-l
offensive and the not t Union's;
are primarily defensive. l
robin suggested a number oil
courses to be taken to promote
reform within the capitalist
system. Stating that. "headwayl
can be made to expand dem-l
o any," he tried reform or
civil rights laws. unemploys‘
event compensation laws. and‘
laws dealing with submissions.
robin said that in their
search for economic survival
American youth contracts the
"reactionary iiioiiopolists" ‘much
the same as the working man
does, robin said that youth
should consider the working
man as their ally Acting as dis
has, he assisted. certain nice
cssary reforms can be won as
conclusions from the monaco»
lists.
liubin went on to briefly sun,
best some of the installed facing those interested in reforms
In the civil rights area he sin
glad out the concept of “white
secretary" as the most rangers‘
bus, and in the bit-ll libraries
area he continued that “the ma»
for installed to all social progress are those people who believe that all columnists are
Russian agents. .
robin concluded by handling
out various types 01' organize
lions which he feels are won
ing towards an expansion of
democracy. Amon these he
listed the» “single issue groups,"
groups which limit their after—
tion to a single field like civil
rights. civil libraries, and peace
He also mentioned the need for
"left wing oi-generations" and
"Radical largest groups” which
could “calculate thought" among
vol L><>< "crime”. iowa. Fridayfbee. 7] not
. young people,
‘it
l
l
administration
Nor l2
i
A short question and answer‘
period followed the talk.
College orchestra
to give Christmas
concert Thursday
The Grinnell College or.
chester will present a christmas concert next Thursday
at 8 pm. in Roberts Theatre.
THE attention orchestra.
under the direction of James
Yannatos, will play the {one
losing four selections;
“Brandenburg concerts No.
l in F Major" by J. S. each,
"Symphony No. a in 1“ Ma.
for“ by Ludwig Beethoven,
excerpts from the “Nutcracker Suite" by Tschaikowsky
and “Suite franchise" by
radius Milheud.
builder anal fault
have first his] S&B‘ages of 17 and 22 at will-meet?”
i.
This week’s charles and
Black was put out under
the direction of Tom builder
and Conrad latin, These
two were chosen editor and
business manager by the
Board of publications in November and are required to
publish two trial issues to
prove their skills before the
appointment is made special.
builder and Daum will have
one more trial issue before
officially taking over in
February.
women worried by ‘slippage'
of stutlent concern for others
By Richard Ohleineyei‘
5&3 Asst. News Editor
Grinnoll College President
Howard R women. in an address delivered to the Student
Senate Wednesday, discussed
the reasons why the college ad-
{0615 that rule
changes u-ouid not be in order
at this time.
Specifically dealing with the
two rules that have been most
recently customized by students.
the drinking rule and the com»
in sampling student opinion he
has found attitudes ranging from
“authorization to anarchistic,"
ne expressed disappointment
in what he turned “a grammar
, slippage in the concern of stud cents for the community and
l for each other." He cannon
l complete, he said. about the
. largest, hard work of Grin-
‘ lesbians, nor about their act-
‘ device poverty, nor their con-
, corn for politics. But he said
l such is not the case when “we
examine our social responsible—
‘ its and concern for the com—
; munich."
1 President women reminder the
operators that the reputation of
‘the college is important to all
lot the students, graduates. true—
specs, faculty and other employ
,yes. The reputation has suffered.
the said, because of recent dis.
louis‘non about women's hours
land the drinking rule. which has
:appeared in the charles & Black.
5 “AT THIS TIME," President
gBowen suggested, ”students
,‘Sliould not be talking about
enhancing any rules. Rather they.
fshould take stock of themselves}
land ask ‘What is the right way.
‘of life for a student group at.
.Grinnell in the 1960‘s? What dsl
the appropriate degree of free.
‘dom for a Student. bell'men the
Di: women then brought his
remarks to a close by calling fort
discussion on “What is a reason.
:able way of life for the Grin-
;ngu miami” as an aid m m,“ the possibility of keeping one out
the days at the north end of
line our problems fall into place
'store easily. , 1
j in a brief history, Dr. Botw g
I, en related that when he look
i office, women's hours on week ,
[ high‘s were 10:30 p.m. Fresh-
? nian women had 7:30 pm.
: hours. At that time there was l
I an almost unmanageable late l
3 minutes systems iiis proposal
: for midnight hours and no late
l
; minutes met with immediate
general approval.
, The drinking rule at that time
'was informed by administrative
personnel with the help of the
,Council of House treatments. The
Dean of Men petroleum the calls
'and looked in rooms for bottles
.women said that he felt that the
‘situation did not promote support
between administrative officers
‘and Students.
l AN AGREEMENT was made
fan’s tell'S rule, he stated that with the COFHP lo the reﬂact. that
if enforcement were turned over
‘to it, strict enforcement would
the continued. Since that time
there has been a grammar black.
living of enter-cement. .
Other rules which have been
changed during the adminisll‘ar
tion of President women are the
tear rule and the library rules.
Until several years ago library
stocks were closed to students.
titles against smoking have
been maintained in some buildings because of the difficulties
of housekeeping and the danger
of tire. While there is no administrative rule about pre ing,
the administration is deﬁ italy
against it on the grounds that
spreading districts the freedom
of those being dropped.
Some improvements that have
been made in the condition of
the campus were also mentioned
by the president Sidewalks have
been built and grass has been
planned. The campus, he pointed
out, has been transferred from
a patch of mud and needs to a
place of some beauty,
From belle President:
Since my remarks to the
lenders oi student government
on November 26 and to the
Student Senate on December
5, I have been asked: What
did you really mean?
What i meant was that 'n
the area of conduct and city—
worship, it is time for Gzinnell
students to be thinking about
their responsibilities as well
as their freedoms. to be con»
ordering the welfare and good
mate of the college as well
as their personal convenience.
I asked that the entire still
sent body engage in a responsible discussion of the student
way of life. This discussion
would be a include to any
further consideration of
changes in rules. I pointed
out that the basic objective
or this discussion should be
a considered deﬁnation of reasonable forms of behavior for
a group of listed students
who are designed to be future
leaders in American society,
Once our students (and taculfyl have considered this is—
sue, and have reached some
consensus as to what constitution an acceptable way of
life at Grinneil in the 1960’s.
then we shall be in a better
position to consider rules and
procedures of enforcement.
Howard in women
President, Grinneli College
 
At the request of several soph—
store women, the Associated
Women Students Board discussed
the logged open after L030 for
the convenience of women savings
at the far end of the logged.
The possibility of hiring an additional night girl to prevent
men from entering the google
was also considered.
The ﬁnfl decision cannon be
interest. from the
locks, logged opening AWS topics
lwomen Students the Board will
‘make a recommendation to the
iprcper authorities.
Helen Bishop, president of
chose, raised the question of
putting locks on individual doors
of Quadrangle rooms. Discussion
lbs the Board and others attending the meeting resolved around
the protection of a girl's discussions and at the some time the
teachers of safety and ﬁre. A com-
‘little was formed to discuss
‘made by the Board, but if there‘the subject with Buildings and
his sufficient
Grounds.
 
chamber Carnival. begins tonight at
By carl:
The first
chamber
night at
Theatre.
all be
Sclioi'i'
Carnival" will
3 pci'L in the
Olllel‘
and Monday at. 8’00 pm.
dutch by the National
a]
violin
the
All of
production.
the fifteen
slrctchcs of "A chamber
val" are character from
troops drawings and
James chamber.
Some of the switches include:
“The Secret Life of Walter lVlllr
ty,” “The Human and the Diiioe
“Mr trouble Gets Rid 01
his wife." and “If Grant find
Been Drinking at Appamolax,”
Tm: CAST INCLUDES: Clark
Dinioiid. Peter woman, Michael
Burr. Keith hilton, Williams.
carb Hansen, mail Parish. Donna
Jo Briloy and Mary Blair, Tech.
local director- is Tom Summer—
villa; .is start director is Karen
Johnson Lighting republicans
are Peter Wolf, and Robin non-
King
performance of ”A
be we
Arena
performances
tomorrow at 2:30 pm
and 8 p in ; Sunday. at 2:30 p.iii.;
“A
chamber Carnival” is being plan
roller
iatc Players This group is th
Griiiiieli Chapter of the nations’local'al‘y Dramatic Fl'alex‘n-‘
The chapter president, John
defects and appears in
l
short.
Cat-iii»
the
tales of
 
JOHN TEISING, JUDY OHLBAUM, JIM SMITH AND BOB TAYLOR “Ill pmvitle
now, property man .5 Keith music for the chamber Carnival to lie performed this weekend. Parts of the some were
composed by Taylor. (5&1) Staff Photo)
 
SCARLET ZAND=BLACK
 
 
charles and Black M
GRINNELL COLLEGE
crime", Iowa
A weekly newspaper published each Flid'w or lite ecllm
"can cimuuune ml suuivat Purl-i than.
mu. Represented our tn Ilui .
mp se lee, mac. college rubluner, new
isbn Au New park. N, r Entered a:
car at in. P0 mine at Griune Iowa. under
h a. 1379. subscription rate use per lt-cloud
advised evaluated
,To the Edito
; Recently a science of mine left
‘school with these parking words,
“What is so great about a Grinlnell education?” He was one of
icur 700-plus board score students
who has been let down by this
sun-In ii' WM 1installation of higher learning.
63,...1", not,” lThe College bulletin states as
. Mg, , bicycle ,objectives at the college: to jul-
. 0,, ,,, Mm, ,.,.,..”;31,”; private hold intellectual and for—
Leslie newsletter, sue l-xumcc law qualities, to around intellectual
lcuriosity, and to give the student
lthc opportunity for exercise at
All letters to the Editor written for publication in the charles breasts, it is a wonder that the
and Black must be types and double spaces. No unsigned letters src has,“ taken mm. against
will be printed. However, \printers' names will be mitchell allen me conﬁde [0,. false advertising
request. The 5&3 reserves the right to shorter any letter. ‘ ° ’ _.
automatically Speaking _
President women’s Speech before the Student Senate .
was brought the discussion of college rules to a head. Now ihldctlei‘h: {Ecuﬁimﬁ’its Ideonedetgi‘iCE
: the. time when we must discuss the place of the sttldent ham “.0”; in dream‘ projects.
body, in the making of rules for this college. BUT SOME FAIL MISERABLY
As students we must face the fact that we are living AS TEACHERS.
‘l‘lltlel' tt dictatorship. To be store it is a benevolent directory
ship. But the fact remains that ally time it so wishes the
Board oi Tr steel can make rules regarding the behavior even high school courses because
of the students of Gl'lion’all College. ,[hey lack the proper courses on
Tile student body then iS generated to the position of the Undergraduate level. Why
lobby gl'older Tile effectiveness of this lobby is peterson- jShOUld an “5" Slﬁdem “om 1‘"
ed by the strength of its arguments and the amount ot',°“l5m‘d”ing High “1“)?!“ draw"
respect the group demands. Tile question therefore, which FEW" ‘0 D5 3‘ 6““"e‘1777 If
We must ask ourselves is. How powerful a lobby group is is ”Dare.“ "‘3‘ the. pmfesfms
the Grin‘neil student body at this time-7 ”mm“ ’“ FM“ ”-59” “e ““h'
' ‘ out proper interest and/or eduA
The fact is that at the present time the student station to calculate and challenge
body is a weak lobbying influence. The reason for this lthe 700rules board score stuweakness lies not so much in the arguments for cents ‘
changes ill themselves, but rather in the position from
which we are arising".
President women is in a position where he can go
before the Senate and tell them that there can be no can
generations ' rule changes because in his opinion there has
been a grammar slippage in the enforcement of college rules.
davis pretty hard to deny thé fact that many college rules,
including major rules. are being ﬂagrantly isolated.
In this context, how can we even think of promoting
that discrimination: be made in rules wliell we blast realize that they would stand no chance of being passed by the
Board of Trustees
Our main task lies in improving our containing post on.
0 do this we must fighter up ill ollr enforcement of college rulesr Despite what we may tliiiil: of certain college
regulations, if we ever hope to be all effective lobbying
force and obtain a liberal trails in rules we must show ‘two 4-hour courses which seem
the administration and the Board of Trustees that we are ,to meet only when the processors
capable of handling the internal affairs of the college. image nothing better 10 do- Ofle»
The first step to a tightening in enforcement would EMS image _ak1f0iii-let:t‘lrre c235;
lie statements by the CofHP and AWS legal-king those “ﬁchi’hl‘laelema’émarried {’0 m
body's interpretations of the rules. It ht been argued that ‘2, 193mm. three 0,. four male
this cannon be done since each hall has different efforts- It is surprising that. no one has
event policies. i .complaints about the professor
This is nonsense since hall treatments have the res-local' attendance in this clay.
poilsibility of enhancing the, rules 01' Grillnell College acid Ti“? “Wife “ads ”"9”???"
not a particular hall. There will always be minor (ill-{eh is 1‘, MIGHTImak: “gif’gn.st‘;l:
enter ill end‘document due to different interpretations by intro?L‘r‘e°.‘“"S-e' m? at I i. T i
. , . . . listening lot this course in
(lividual hall treatments, but there iS no reason for tlie’
by antenna amno
Jim natflcla
. George Buck
, Larry sinuekci—
Cllmlyll in
s u» Editor
visitor ,
Business Assistant; . . ..
 
Unfortunately, many faculty
members are more interested in
,their research or writing another
chapter in that all-important
Many of our processors are
not properly equipped to teach,
i received a “B" in my ﬁrss
semester Humanities Course, simply because I could spell for-
‘really. in the Second semester,
however, i was failing the course
under a different professor when
l sought help from him. Several
times I asked for a conference
‘ztnd ﬁrally suspended in arrang-
.ing for a two-minute talk. Tlle
only advice he gave me was to
see what the critics had to say
about the great works i received
la "D" in the course with the,
remark, “Student looks for too
many angels."
THIS SEMESTER l am taking
t
i classes are easily as large as
i .
, GI'li-shell's lecture courses other
estates.“
r
lSouth Youn-acer
greater says cross mailing sttldentilauds campus '
l
l
limprovement?
n of faculty
”‘E M.” ”‘2” I “0“” 1“ml We want to thank the AdminSDmE‘img 0‘ Value ”they umn,attention, Buildings and Grounds,
the usuoluexcllse of‘avmdlng the‘and Skidmow swing; and app,
"‘0‘? dlnlw“ cum and art,viii for their most revolutionary
00mm- condition to the building [“04
, ‘gray: Bimn House (formerly
”mm“ mm“ known as the Fletcher Place.)
For a number of years we have
ljoyiully games upon this arctic
tree so that we may do outside .
. . u. - elected'al triumph, Now through
leading. Recently the professor the efforts of many, we h. ,9
“WWW“ ”‘9' W? .‘"°“‘fl ““3” before us an edition of wh h
only once a week in order to e l. m, .0 . n 1 1d
increase the outside reading. 1 ‘V a e. 'y. p‘ ”u- 5 ’° ‘
am pal/in" $2l75 for better in» new “ﬁg“ gage“ .“f, “Ch day
_ . = ' . . as we evou y win our way
:“gigﬁglrgha; a “st of Plays one class. This marketplace is
i g P V' steel only by the new lawn-
Grinneii advertiser small dry lines which add a receive
plasseswieh p dose FACULTy_ 'note to central campus. The stud
STUDENT relationship. My ideal body can well be proud of
lthese recent arrangements at
time o; my Big Ten school, ‘Grinnell, We trust they will be
Many larger schools even have l\\’ltd‘l ”5 for many years
“quiz" classes for lecture
courses. These “quiz" classes
consist of a Small discussion
group of about (on students. .
In lllv other
we have met. only three hours
a week with the fourth cloud'
Sincerely,
South counter Hall
Response to ‘skirt'
called opportunity
December 151
nothing of this nature.
I would like to see an upper—
tuning for student evaluation of‘
both the courses and the instructors Course evaluations would
serve as a means of developing To the Editor:
better courses. Teacher cl'aqua»‘ ,, ' . .
tions would serve as an indian-‘ 9hr yearsﬂﬂht I “k9 "-.‘
tion of the professor's ability as dm” km“! ‘S I .“"d",§,‘°°d ‘L
a teacher and Show his interest 13“” G“: ‘l “5 mm”in his primary iobiteachlnsu “Yeah, even the title. Sounds
Such evaluations. when reviewed like a baby Wm, a den metals
by the president of a boards‘And the sounds they make
might serve as a basis for pay when they talk! Man, that bit
raises instead of the present in the {menu taylor penny
“don't-rock-therboat” policy oi'tracked me up. Remember that?
acrosscthe-board raises. Salary JEverybody charlie‘ around on
increases should be on a merit‘tlte floor on all hours, jabberin'
system as this serves as an add- like they were workers or
ed teaching incentive. lsomethin'"
“Oh, God, yes. That was a root.
‘And remember that girl — the
way she watched when she was
piayin‘ the pin-ball machines
with combat. or whatever his
jnamc was? founded busty—trust
Finally, I am asking that ‘
the college he returned to the
students: that the processors
learn and practice better teaching techniques: that the processors do their research on
their own time and not on the
Student‘s time. In short. I am
,like a kid."
asking that the faculty simply _ . _
meet their obligations to the . THE ABOVE imaginary con—
students, iversaticn is representative oi
President women recently star.the “mud? “had “‘9 13“?“
ed that (he “leg“ basic ob_!her of a large number of arm-
leave is m divide has good their students at the movie
liberal arts education as can bed'Ik‘Wv" “‘0‘“ “‘5‘ heaven“found anywhere in the Unitelehe fact that there were several
days as, on ms mutual,students present who spoke the
activation society kick, proiESAllanguage 0‘ “““m” and knew
50,; and help the lthe culture from which it came
Presidenti
make crime" [he outstandinglmakes the general reaction no
college it can ha more inappropriate, list more
opportunity.
A Concerned Student
Nick Murray
 
enormous differences ill enforcement flow existing especially on North Campus
Once these statements are made we should see
that enforcement is carried out. Ill the long run, the
Cole’ member who does his job by enhancing college
rules helps those who want to change those rules by
providing for the reporter an atmosphere where the
Administration and the Board of Trustees are more
reception to student treasures.
Another step which must be taken to bring about this
improved atmosphere is a condition ol’ inconsiderate anti is
by the student body which recently have been illcreasin
There is no reasonable smoking ill Robertsleleatre,
ARE Auditorium, or inside the library, There is no rear
son will books should disappear from the library. There
is no reason why the mail room has to be pussy every
' day when there are a half dozen receptacles provided for
waste paper, These may seem like little things but. they
all add up, ,
If this is done what are otlr chances of achieving a'
discrimination in rules‘.7 lodging l'roll powell’s speech Wednesday night, they are pretty good.
Grinnell has a history of liberalism which the administ‘union and the Board of Trustees is mostly proud of.
President women ill his corporation address ill the tall
proposed radical academic changes which would place illi‘based responsibility on the student. He would look 1e
than concern if he opposed greater governilienlal respollsle
holiday for a normally mature student body.
Let’s give President women a chance to prove that he
, as he stated ill his speech before tale Senate Wednesday
night “A Champion of Liberalism.”
Tom Fullnlcr
1963 5&3 Editor-elect
‘To the Editor:
f Perhaps you area’t aware at
a new school policy. Let’s say
'you Want to hold a small informal gathering at a cool place
‘yotl've round about twenty mile;
front Gi'lililell. Unless God has
blessed your group: with two
car dining setllOrS#y0LI haven't
a prayers
Some Gates iucn recently at
related to obtain the use of
the college Wagon for :1 Chi
nlas part- in
They were get‘used on
grounds that Mnr alitown lies
outside a ten mile radius, ,
A barrier new encircles trim
neli College. "Someone" has
stuck the point ot' ills company
Oil‘Gi'iiiilell anal drawn a rcie
to the tune ct 10 mile An
alternative" Certainly 7 this
is a “liberal" college,
obtain the function of some o
generation. yuursiiall for instance. Naturally this means
starting some faculty and lo or
20 more couples, all -it is proc—j
able what you had in mind all,
along, Ball! ‘
l DOUBT if one student on.
this campus would forestry upgrade the academic education:
he receives here. In fact. fell“
. Lake
merely »
i‘Social Conditions must meet academic standard'
making Grillilell living combat—
able with the “outside world,"
and developing a self discipline
such as that. encouraged at iron
pressure colleges (Antioch). To
will deny the social and cultural
Opporlullllies presented on campus. But. what of those few
times when you‘d like to get off
campus with a new close islands.‘
Maybe a small party with the students — mobility, depression.
couples you enjoy being with.‘and isolation are psychological
Actually i haven‘t been com. conditions affected directly by
protein objective. You have afvariables controlled by the ad
place to go (uitinn to mile t administration.
Acre printer s off now 'rear Grinnelrssocial
campus timer New this shackiprublem has become studied
processes quullt' m be re. act-lcauipus conversation and the
edt It's small. run down. 1'6- joke that no one caught at afte:
' guides schools less to allied'oaclla few computers here # it's time
it. but most of all it's where you mm those “mu-011mg our social
want to go. presentations made some bold and
I just trash the faculty. ad-‘concern efforts to solve it. Int
registration, trusts and par-.evitabiy there shall occur some,
ends could listen in on one oiiembarrassing it not ‘discuss‘il'lg
the many disc signs ot‘ Grin-‘incident's but it's tiilie‘zhnt Grin"
well's Social problem taking neli came closer to reality.
place every hour of the day. I‘m} Legs face ,i _ weirejdmnes
are they'd hear some interesting... nowhere and psycﬁé‘l
mg-‘_ and 909‘:ny concert , specification imposed upon the
lnclsm Why are we treatedldents by outdatedadministr
like adults intellectually. but‘m-e regulations does no, help
cialis as it' we haven't entered the situation one bit_
ugh school? The students area't; The superior edmmmwwid.
planning to "so as far as lhEY'ed here must be com‘pi limited
can" Within the restrictions by mature social com “5 0..
limited. res nine in the ob-lee can expect to see dial
viii _ conclusion that these resident of intensity appliedhsme
sales lens are necessary. ~ibm»passing of existing reserve
students are- - concerned with‘ lions. Pete pearl
 
Friday December 7, I962
SCARLEY AND BLACK
Page three
 
Thanks extended
after-'Share-Meal
Tl) {tiertiditor
As co-chairman oi Share-A—
Mcal, we would like to express
our appreciation to the student
body and faculty for their en?
tliusiastic response to this seincstcr's program. The attendance
l
was ‘far larger than anticipated.
As many of you know, an all
sivcdish menu was not available to everybody because at
this unexpected participation in
the program. Saga has asked
us to extend their thanks
those who were so patient both
with the short supply or good
and the long line. At next semester's Sharon—Meal. we assure
you, an assurance of good food
will bc on hand.
We would also like to thank
those of the faculty who could
not attend the meal, but who
sent us contributions for the
Special income Fund which pros
video personal expenses for
foreign students.
We hope that next semester
SharerA-Meal will be
successful.
nick Anderson and
mine Brineman
January 7 deadline
for Travel - Service
Applications for Travel-new
ice scholarships in the FifthYsar Abroad program must
made by Jan. 7, 1963. Ph p
Thomas (economics), d actor of
the Committee on international
Studies Abroad, may be con—
wanted for further information.
to‘
THE INFLUENCE
INmris .lr.,
land Theta
0F
lthe M'
igltta Phi at which Not
THE PR
ESS is
water in a rural area." (5&3 Staff Photo)
discussed by Craig H
'ltd marilyn sales after it 'l‘uesdty night dinner meeting of Sigma Delta Chi
s was an hundred guest. Henderson and sales are
cquallylpl‘students of the two organizations. south, it. 1927 Grinnell graduate, and editor of
‘alt‘dlllDWﬂ Times-Republican, addressed the groups to“ "The influence of a. news
l‘ ,
, l enlargement nfl
. l.-
anderson, Pa
 
l
l
l
Thachurch, war and pacifism
creatures in purple's lecture
By Dan Fricdlznder
5&3 Staff \‘l’l‘iler
Howard P., Burklc,
why and religions Spoke to the
,Grinnell Students of Peace last
lThul'stay on “Religion and Dis-
l‘moment.”
our-llc explained that
:question oi enlargement
atm
may
. lbs divided into technical, moral
land spiritual aspects it is as-
‘suited that man is technically
capable or implementing discs—
f lmamcnt and therefore the ques
‘l
’time for {music powered blacks
)These hardcore stocks take
its relating as easily as you do.
t'the 50% Dacron, 50% combat
cotton is Scotchgard® treated
,to rebel water and states.
Wash and wear.
K1888111138 by Lee
Colors:
i black/olive. Black/Brown
Also. $users are being1
i begins Cl'l‘
taken for S Stretch
Pungswuna Furkas for both,
guys and gays:
l
“Order now and we will!
‘3 POYNTER'S
deliver. when you return
from vacation.
,‘~-_REIMERS
_ CLOTHING,
union is whether man's
and spiritual side
l enlargement.
l Some churchmen argue
, moral
will accept
that
ldisarmament is impossible witch
.out terrible consequences They
estate enlargement With [rest-
‘son for they fear any change
‘1” American life. which promo
lhas observed that the social and
‘psychological makeup oi man
ileads him to identity with su—
, , ,7 ,
(philips— .
dirty and tool that any changes
in society will lead to chaos and
destruction,
CHRISTIAN attitudes towards
war have evolved mm a 5mm himself in a limited war or
belief opposite war, to the cpu
‘sales when war was used to
spread the iaitli, to the 16th
century when countries were
allowed to use war to i‘either
vocational aims. to the min Cells
turn and construction.
'l‘fri historical development
in CI i trinity towards
legitimatioir acid gloryﬁnation
of war has lead many to look
upon enlargement as antireligion.
Another group of churchmen
,major discs-apartment but fear society will be unable to carry
out the necessary changes. They
feel the most effective means to
achieve enlargement is to help
people realize that enlargement
is in their Sle'lhlEl‘ESlﬁ.
 
Make My Job
' Poyn'l'er's
4TH AVE.
G
l
i
r
t
{t
l
 
Remember Christmas Shopping
null’s Complete style Shop for Women
“Something New Every Day”
SANTA
SAYS—
Easier for me—
in Grinnell
FASHIONS
the ‘
 
 
, Still another
that unless the
lender man will
self in a nuclear
group maintains
arms race is
destroy him-
war, compile
u
rutalizc himself in a programs—
ed admin‘arena process all too
‘evidence in our society today.
THE ACCEPTANCE of nu»
clear murder as a tolerance al—
narrative will destroy man’s
models. These are the beliefs of
the nuclear- pacifist.
purple believes that diploma
event,is possible. He thinks that
rindividuals can be reached “be
‘cause anyone who is thinking
,clearly can see that enlargement and sell—interest councils.”
RevrlPreble to be origin-their-
idrasiic economic
Jproblem'-powers
1, According to President Howard.
‘R. women, enlargement would
present no plastic economy
lproblems. He expressed this
[view before tlie Grinnell student
Pcacc Group Tuesday night.
Speaking on the ”Economics
[of enlargement," women refer.
‘red to the periods of rapid and
plastic say’mamelit follow
cloth word wars as examples
that enlargement could take
place without causing an etc—
comic breakdown.
women, \the holds a doctor's
rdegree in economics, pointed -o
the 1920's and late 1940's as pr:
ds of prosperity which follow- .
cd law-g scale enlargement.
IN 1945 we spent 44 per cent
row our national income on no-
‘ local security, while by lséz
:the percentage spent for security
idropped to live. At the present
time, women said, we are spent!»
mg approximately 11 per cent
for national occur _
women said that n order s
ll‘bruce military spending v.
should have to increase our put:
llc expenditures in the ﬁends or
special services such as education,
thighways, housing, national resources and foreign aid.
Spending in this area. women
,said. could easily be coupled in
a two or this ear period, A
he present time we are spentL
ing about equal amounts for na—
signal security and social services.
women rejected the idea lhzi
,money saved by enlargement le
’used for reducing taxes or low.
bring the public debt says' g
rthese steps would aiitomaticalzy
 
1_icad to a depression.
l Two installed in the,path to—
cards enlargement, purple c.—
planned. are tlrc belief that t
is not in our self—interest io
disarm, and an unwillingness ia
lake risks for a higher delete,
. The Job or the persons wh
realize the danger or cycle
war and the arms race must
to alert the public to the ii,
interest danger oi nuclear its
selection.
in service Chapel next' Friday
, The Rev Charles Pi-able, vital
not St. Paul's Church and chat—
learn to Grinnell's principal stirldeilts, will be obtained to the
Sacred Order at friends next
Friday in service chapel The
‘ancient, listing medication sites
‘will begin at 1! a.m.. and the
,college cornmunty is welcome at
,the service
l The Right Reverend Gordon
v. Smith, Bishop of the process
or town, will origin Father Proble and will celebrate the Holy
‘Cornmunion.
, Father P-cblc began his mi —
entry in Grinncll last July after
his medication into the chocolate,
He received his Bachelor of
Arts degree at the University
california at Riverside where
was a charter student. In 1%)
leather Preble was graduated
virgin the Church Divinity School
'of the Pacific in Berkley. Cah—
,bosnia ,with a Bachelor- of Dr n.
its Degree. He has also do
graduate work in Religion ai 1
Higher Education at the Pooh
School of Religion.
 
.iii 'a it own' o‘non rt‘ its micro‘rrnstri
is .auction—class [matt \ltd strriirl. ;
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. December 7.1962
 
forward discusses student-administration clay
ﬂ'ﬁ‘ﬁ'ﬁ‘ﬁ‘ﬁ
ﬁ’fﬁ'ﬁz‘ﬁ'ﬁ'ﬁ’fﬁ'ﬁ?
”£5
£5. '{z'fr
ft?!“
97
ﬁ'ﬁﬁwﬁ'ﬁffffffﬁ'fREWx‘ﬁ'ﬁE‘fﬁ?
ﬁ'x‘t‘fﬁﬁi‘ﬁ'ﬁVﬁ'ﬁ?!‘
72‘?“
.t
By Mike forward
Stu: communist
The recent controversy between the students
and the Administration is perhaps the most ser—
ious since President women tool: office. it is more
crucial because the President is more directly
involved.
In a ivoi-,cl he has told the student govciiimcnt that they cannon change the rules. This
means that he has account the upholdcr oi the
status que and that those who have been most
or ical or college social policy can no longer
consider President women to lie‘ the administrative figure who really understands their
position,
Whereas before, President women was above
controversy between the students and the Administration, he is now in the center of it Whereas in the past hc has tried the students to modern
themselves and has declared his willingness to
let ”sensitive” isucs be did see freely, he has
now taken a most risliv pos on. he. hiniscll has
virtually said “110'Y t0 the students.
CERTAINLY THE President of the College has
a right to say no. But when he says no, when
he runs counter to his 'past pronouncements, he
must expect resistance, and protest with an equal
degree of certainly. To avoid a serious crisis, it
would be available for him to recognized his
position.
Now lot us examine the issues which are
involved in the controversy. They are three:
establishing a balance of interests between the
students and the Administration: upgrading the
autonomy ot the college; defining what kind oi
college Grinncll ought to be,
THE FIRST: defining and financing the ins
scripts between the students and administration
is the most important of the three, Because student government removed front the college financial and administrative responsibility by its got.
ernmental activities (hall government, social
planning, etc) it has a right to demand that
its interests be july recognized. One of its interests is circulation legislative policy which
they must cniorcc and which they and their
constitution ought to believe in.
THE SECOND ISSUE: is to what degree the
College will Iccl dedicated, at best, to complete,
and at worst to cancer to the opinio -, attitudes
and demands oi the outside community. 0r intro
important, what Will be the cost to the educational process and intellectual integrity of the
college.
This is an issue because the Pl'eucloni. has
argued that the reputation of the College would
be deinangcd by changes in the rules. This is
especially true because the College's “mon-a1"
reputation is suites-ing at the present time.
In terms of the whole College this issue has
the most car reaching and significant duplicate
tions.
Do we become a reflection or outside wishes,
attitudes and jail‘icons or do we inside that the
College is not going to sacrifice ts autonomy.
By doing the latter people get used to giving
the College money without expertise to influence
it. Parents get used to sending their children
here without telling administrators what rules
they must oi must have.
THE THIRD ISSUE is what find 01 college
do we want? President Bowcn wants intellectual
nonmonformlly. In this sense he is a liberal and
progressive man, He has been courageous in depending academic lrecdoin, He has not boxed to
the Red-battery In this area he has expected and
it is in this area that the College has made the
most progress. '
On the other hand, he is at the same time a
social conservative l-his mobility and social philosophy are his own. He is trying to impose his
own personal standards on the personality oi
the campus The question is: is this quality ol
intellectual non-consortium but social consortium
possible for the College and, it it is possible,
is it desirable?
Now we come to the more difficult question
oi what kind at college the students want. Do
they want an authorization or asia‘rchistio en—
agreement? Do they want authority or tree-
(10111? It they want a mixture, in what iii-questions? The students have not given this
question adequate attention. They have not
taken the matter seriously.
Up to this point, we have assessed the his
pop-dance of the
present controversy, identifying
the mayor issues connected with it. What remains .
is to find out why the controversy could develop
and how it is going to be resolved.
President women assisted administrative
authority because of perceived pressure from
outside sources and because cl his deeply iclt
ideals and values. He was able to real free to do
so because at the liability, publicity, apache and
lack of leadership demonstrated by the student
body.
THE APATHY is largely a product 01 either
interference or emotional Withdraxl'al. Last year
involvement with the question of nuclear testing
trained many students of their concern, their
energy and flickr willingness to become engaged.
interference has resulted primarily front too
many students not caring about Grinnoll Col;
legs and/or not feeling they can do much to
bring about change. Another reason is that they
are not aware oi what is happening or what the
important issues really are.
To a lesser extent, academic pressure has
contributed to apache and interference,
interference and apache are. to some degree.
a product or inadequate student leadership.
Let us take the Student Government Association President and the President of the CotHP.
'Al Boston and Steve l-powell are, in many reflects, creative, liberal and progressive thinking.
They have had many construction ideas and pro»
totals which they have attempted to implement
Why then have they failed? They have failed
because they have addressed themselves to
select individual and committees. Instead of
first joining before the student body with their
proposals, they have gone to the administration.
For example, powell spent seven weeks studying 'the drinking rule, composed a fifteen page,
single-spaces analysis accompanied with recommendations. Instead of coming before the student
body, to generate an issue, to foster discussion.
and to master support, he went directly to the
Administration.
The President of the AWS Board, Donna Jo
bailey, went to Dr. women, alter the women’s
governing board calculated a' models plan for
student-administration class
continued to page 8
 
 
Sl'. Paul's hidden'l- men'her
EPlSCOl’AL
I SUNDAYS—'7
I WEDNESDAYS~7NM a.m., mechanism
I DAILY OFFICES — 7:30 a.m., 4:30‘1'him.
:30 a.m., 9 am. and 4:30 pm.
For development
women names vice-president
The department of John R
McFalland JI. ., as vice providence
legs.
He said the name of the fourth
fox development at clinical Col- small member will be announced
shortly.
The development staff
ruauuoecdoocuoovoodr
Continental Breakfast after all morning services
Fr. Preble, Chaplain Fr. william, oscar
‘legs was announced today by
,‘president Howard B women.
i Mr. women said McFarland
l,will be responsible for the total
‘development program of the Cole
 
SPORT SHIRTS
Ti-u viii,
McGi-egor to
Arrow and
choose
from need we
— say
more? _ We will—regular or button down col—
cars 34.00 to $5.95.
INTERWOVEN
SOCKS
Cotton
other
Argyle and
designs. Dacron 'L
solid color libs. all‘wool
solid color files, all not—
ton solid color libs. Most
styles 51.00 and $1.50.
 
MARTIN “party" CHURCH, PROP.
vuurv 4U¥¥¥U¥¥
legs in the college's continuing
,credit to build a solid base of
- substantial ﬁspecial Suppci'L
‘As we look ahead to the flat—t
tue ﬁspecial needs of the col-
? lcge it becomes clear‘ that a
"‘larger full-time staff \\'l he
indexed” MI. women said. “Ex-
lpansion of the staff‘ and the ad—
addition of Certain sclvtccs have
‘declared the need of l'eorgamzzls
r ‘ lion.”
‘ M. women said McFarland
will direct the Walk of ’_\ [Duh
L: man seaﬁ thCh will file undo—
1?- video attention to [he binding
t 0‘ ﬁspecial support for the Col-t
at present includes M George
Suscns, who has been ass.want
to the president since 19a7, anti
J. Roy Price. who joined the‘
i,
i‘
staff in June to coordinate de- 3 ,
lelopmant eﬁ'arts
coast .
McFarland will comic to Glil‘ls
shell Jan. 1 from Kalamazoo ,
(rich) College, where he has
served as vice—president for development direction a ten years
pi-ogiam with a 311000009 goal.
1 glory] 1946 to 1953, \thailand
served consecutively as alumni
director and executive secretary his china water, telephony}
lCollege, where he was responsible for a wide range of alumni
and public ielatioiis functions.
For several years thereafter,
on the east‘
 
For Your
Egg
 
Parties
visit U
rider
Pop
Chr's‘lmus Trees
FOOD MARKETS
christmas
log
 
 
the
ltor for Ketchum,
tdevelopmental‘consultants ﬁrm in
pittsburgh.
John Rn ]\I(:l;‘.’all‘lands Jr.
as a senior campaign director.. a private
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
our Laboratory.
conduct Lenses
CASES AND;
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED 5
E. J. lenses. O.Di
Optometrist
across from Posf Office
 
 
 
Friday. December 7, I962
SCARLET AND BLACK Page Fivs
 
Over I50 have
fun al' Sam's ‘
dinner Tuesday,
Last Tuesday evening, bowl.
cs dining room was the scene
of the annual Uncle Sam's Club
Christmas dinner. The 150 club
members (ranging in age from
pro-kindergarten w sixth grade)
were guests of approximately
the same number ot' collar
students. The event started with
a very informal “gettingracquainled” period which death — ,
ed sony-back rides for all, The .
main event, the dinner, follows
ed. Although it was a served
meal, the usual rules were sun»
needed in order to allow [or an
occasional emergency exit to
the rest room.
FOLLOWING. the dinner, themes
was a mass exodus to ARH
where Christmas cartoons were ,
shown. As the highlight of the‘
evening, Santa class founded
onto the stage and with a
hearts “Ho; Ho!" passed out
candy cases to all the “good‘
little children."
 
The cneral berlin ol _ ,
Student: was express; web by‘club‘s annual Cltl-lstltlzls (lynn
one of them. “Half way throughiThE event was highlighted b
that second cartoon 1 thoughts(S&B Staff Photo)
about my Comparative exam,ﬁ 7*
.the next day. But I list said,
“The neck with it" and kept on
having gun. It was great!”
i
I
. . .
. . .
Applications asked '" campaign
d do 1 By Marilyn 1). Alt
y sku ent au IIOI‘ I My tank ease rates
s d A d c k lamb/ti: gettitng known1 and being
tu ent u itor Don oo an— real e coui- eous y w are a man
founded today that all personslniight not.” So said Mrs. nokia
Wishing to apply either for theIEgenes Speaking to Frofr G11—
position of Student Auditor or,your's Political Parties class last
Assistant Student Auditor should Thursday. Mrs, agents was and
Contact him as soon as post‘bee unsuccesslul candidate for Con-‘
Applications will be due imme- press from iowa‘s Fifth Congress
dietary following vacation. lsional District this fall.‘
The auditor and the assistant SHE. BECAME “Tmmﬂw "‘i
Wm We once at the end of Republican politics while an un-i
. , . ldergraduate at St Olaf. Her in.
the semester. Both positions are mm in mm,“ had begun ca
salaries. later under the inﬂhence of her
— Father, an active Democrat. const
' ia, as she was known through-l
U 01: C success reflect her campaign, has hotel
. ' ' lgraduatc work at Iowa states
1'0 V'5'l campus anniversary where, prior to the-1
. 7 campaign, she was an instructors
“be“ c. Huenleml 535’“ Iof political science. She has also
ant Dean of Students in tIle’Studied in No‘. ﬂy on a “In
Graduate School of Businessbright Scholar-hip .
of the University,ol Chicago In answer to the question
will be on campus Wednesday, ‘thai made you decide to run
December 12 from 10 am. minor" Congress?‘ she answered:
, ‘ ’thzli. she felt none or the male‘
“I 4.11"" ‘0 ‘1‘““55 glﬂdumeicandldates who had ﬁled for)
programs of study at the primary was quiltﬁed for they‘
Graduate School of Businessiomcc. i
and provide information about" SPEAKING Thursday evening
financial aid and career upper—i to the Political discussion group,‘
games IMrs Egcnes said she felt that
' she was at a disadvantage our—
Students interested in grad~line the campaign because she‘
date education for: busmesslwas a titleécan “I was called 'the
n, , . t .i L ,u young a y'_anal the part that
13:: ”:3?“ e“;:‘1";e“t;r“‘ ‘1 I’m a blonde didn’t help either!"
“ ”’1‘: Mrs. agents has very del‘lmIe
Stephen Wood (Dean of Memwicws as to how a political care—
Carncgic, Room 102. paint should be wages. She
 
Magazines
Paperbacks
Tobacco
VARSIT
the,conversation with an Uncle Sam’s Club member before the
, Femaleness help, insurance
Interview article by Keith region
‘will appear in medical journal
Keith s hilton, a junior year in conjunction with -he
french mayor, has written aniSchool or Public Health at
article which will appear in alUCLA. During the past summer.
lorthcoining issue or The Ameri. lFellOn, employed as research
can industrial Hygiene Journal. assistant and technical translator,
The article is based upon a prepared the resource material
recent interview with Alice Ham for two books soon to be pub»
,rlton, M.D., the founder ol the_listed by UCLA’s departments
discipline ol industrial medicine. ot Public Health and Occupa—
swiss Hamilton, now 95, has been signal Medicine.
the principal force behind in I The larger segment of his
venture medicine and incest ill,w .k dean with providing “an
health through ever so years operations of two French medical
writing and research. A well~lencyclopedia series, ‘th fiction—
‘known and proliiic ﬁsure install'e Encyclopedique des Sci—
,tlnedlcine, Miss Hamilton comics.enter Medleales" and "Les Anv
from a distinguished family nals d’Hygiene," dating from
which includes her sister, Greclc,halo to 1379.
scholar smith Hamilton. 5 The article will lie the ﬁrss
THE PERIODICAL publication‘segment or a biography of Miss
is part or a project hilton h'dsIHamilton, to be published in
,been conducting for the past‘book topic this spring,
 
Best Pizza in Town and Best Service Too
AHRVANO'S
Open Till 12:00 P.M. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday
er Tuesday night in Cowles.
y a visit, from Santa clips.‘
Free Delivery 6:00—12:00
 
SEND HALLMARK CARDS
"The Symbol of Quality"
, says nokia
I
feels that a candidate should
speak to the issues rather than
play on possibilities. ll a choice
must be isaac between principle
and winning, she feels one must
upload and speak to the pain
cities in which he believes.
Asked it she would encouraged
other women to run for public;
oFfice, Mrs, tactics replied that
she would provided the essentials
candidate was aware of the di ‘
counties she might encounter.
level: new men's ,
social chairman I
roger began North
Social Chairman (ml
21, replacing Michaell
 
John
Campus
November
Horowitz.
His duties will be coordination all social programs on North
Campus, direction allecanipus alui
pairs sponsored by North harry
put, and representing [he man ,
calls on tlic social co-ordinatingi
bo
MUM
827—‘4‘ftAvei GRINNELL
'Taégoingésngl .
 
 
 
 
_ GIVE THE GIFT _ ’,
WITH LASTING
IMPORT. SELECT
FROM OUR WIDE
RANGE OF
CATEGORIES
J
CLASSICAL
Z
2
F
MODERN
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WE ALSO HAVE A COMPLETE LINE
OF MUSICAL SUPPLIES FROM
WHICH-1'0 CHOOSE
LEEPERS MUSIC (0.
WE WRAP FOR MAILING
EXPERT GIFT WRAPPING
 
 
 
 
’ another sources up and down like a logo stick, and others1
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Six
Friday. december 7, ‘ P962
 
Gl'lnliell took 3 out of 11 inst.
places but was still edges out
by plymouth in a triangular
,swimming meet in the Grinnoll,
By Jim Herzog
8&8 Sports Oo-editor ‘pool last week. The score was
' plymouth 61, Grinnell 58, Cm»y
There were once 10 nice boys. Then these 10 nice “91142
boys grew up and became college paintball coaches. The 10l Tomorrow the markers will.
nice boys adjusted and became nice men sometimes. travel to 'Galcsburg, Illinois, for
‘ ' , the Knox delays. Both variety
The ten men coach Midwest Conference basketball mid land ﬁ-eshynm‘ will compete in
have picked up funny habits. One coach chess on towers, :the meet /
All e Pioneer swingers ‘
say nasty things to the referred. . t(wk ("515 in “‘9 triangular.
l but the squad did't have the
But who can blame them? While Midwest Conference} depth to pick up enough or
basketball is not the best college ball in the country, the the lower places In addition
league is generally well enough balanced to start anal annie” “’35 “““bee ‘0 he"!
- , - . -. .- an entry in Either the diving
coach on his \lay to the neighborhood psychlntllst. ‘ or me “0 cam wesley relay.
_ THERE ARE TWO new coaches in the Conference JIM CROSS and Jim‘Ad-human
this yearione at plymouth and one at joe. Pete Smith. ,each picked up two lndmdual :
plymouth’s new coach, may discipline the fans. He’ll have 1m“ Places 501: Gi-innell. Cf“?
a hard time living up to the microphone—throwing anticslwon ”‘9 60 ““1 “my“: ”1 "
of his predecessor.
And Don King, joe‘s new basketball coach,
MCAC basketball full after the always-unexpected differences he ran into in Iowa highs'school basketball .
but I doubt it. Both these men are coaching.r square tl
should be in the thick of this year’s title fight.
St. Olaf's beach, Bob belle, distinguished himself least 22:21:1de illVlonmoulh by
year by playing more men in less time than any other, , ., 7
coach in the league. This year he’s staying with his soph- style' Pm“ “me was “‘1‘
. - . . . . . _. Other individual G nliell
stores and may have to gmt another yerll to get in con mm: were cal Ldkow‘u with a
mention for the crown.
Cornell's coach, Paul Masske, was separated this sea—
sun by having eight batteries on his tests. This made hill The “one” team of Cross,
squad .1 co-favourite with Carleton to win the Conference-‘ Lclk°\\l'its. Pray and mailman
title. They lost to the girls inst Weekend, and already the “0“ “c 4"” W“ lifestyle
_ > relay in 3:473.
experts are sharing worried heads. Lenmwm was mini m the ac
v ( - . , , lifestyle. gray was th d in the
COACH HARLE\ KNOSHER 0t Knox and Coach Don 200 lifestyle and Ham was
Boya of Lawrence, on the other hand, have square fig’ill'—,mm.lh in the 160 yard individual
ed to go nowhere this year. And while Lawrence opened med1EY- l
the season with victorian of Knox and plymouth, both _ THE KNOX delays has 3 ram-
lhackstroke in 2:3 4. sherman
may ﬁndyaeed the field in he 100 lifestyle in M7 and the zoo free-l
little in 2:033. 3
lat? The longest race provided the
closest finish as Grlmicll's
leather cal'tl with a 2:414 in the
filme of :29.7 and the 200 kai‘d,,
Ralph Pray detected Bill Still- .
5 ol a ,
the 500 yard free-
3204.9 in the 200 butterﬂy. and I
l 200 breast stroke. l i
leave eight‘ fire’rs
Will swim ill the 300 lndi ’due},
Howard SCl‘lCiH will Compete in‘
the 400 wesley relay.
PETE BARRY, Jeff LCWJS.
 
no individual races, several oi
, , , - -. . , . , . ._ the delays are unique to the‘
bulletin \\ on its fast two gnmestlast \weekend lion Knox meet. 1
top containers, Grinnell 'and’l Cornell, but month track ’I‘url-2 Coach my Simone plans it;
bald still has problems. mls rough team may soul awttylcnter three variety ”by events:
its chances for the league title.
, .. . .. l aid4f l ‘L’, "Li
teams probably won’t finish in the first division. 1y i reunion 1e 1” “I 7
‘ _ swim the 300 yard )ndlvtduali
Coach Bill silicon of Beloit has rl D‘AII' of quick. wesley relay. In this event each.
small guards which should lead the Bucs by many of the W‘mae‘ mm“ 25 yards Of‘
. each stroke.
bigger and flower teams in the Conference. ‘
PRAY, LEFKOWITZ, Adelinnn.
As for John deutsch’s Grinnell squlld and Kermitland Cross win mm, the 400
Weiske’s simon squad, tonight's contest should tell an im—all'eestlfle I‘elw Cross. Adellngnv
t t 1 b t tl lb P’ 20 \ill )it it b“ and either Pray or Lefkowllz.
P01 3“ “‘5 a °_“ ‘959 C_“.S‘ ”130ml -. V 1 5 ‘ ’ will swim the three man 600‘
added team against the Pioneers, who may lack the depth lifestyle relay. ‘
and the fast-break speed it ran to the title with least year.
‘ Freshmen John Kl'and, Davc‘
lLundbei'g and Hugh wellington
i
SUN. 8. MON. 1
.
Continuous Sun. From 2 RM.
cm DHAmssE.
MaIRA SHEARER A.
III! JEANMAIRE.
RULAND PEYIT
MA ”RIG: GNEVALIER
cancer's
Variety
for Holiday
gifts and
cards
Two new of "visit,
turbo/and :howmnnshlpr .
7am (alert/ed beauties.
who interview hills serve
um minimum. low mil
m1 man‘: soon‘es. all
ref/eshingly different. ..
A piano dis/ﬁnew lo
all/attack, entrance,
edit/all. ..
cancer's
- Vclriei'y
on Fourth
Avenue
., Mime um
ammo;-
Alum): Puma: run/an u
 
 
' IN HOCKEY ACTION,
out, as forwards fire picks at
Eric Jacobson and herein arc-
,medlcy relay Those three pluslslatcd to go in the 200 frccslylc
relay. wellington, Kl'all, schcln
and Lcwrs will swim the lot
yard lifestyle relay,
Goalie Marc Dorl'nldn ,url cs
him off a 'cards'orlrd surface.
‘sherman, Cross and Ham Wm,(lrinncll‘s Hockey Club this year lists 42 members and is
fighting: Iowa’s Indian Summer in an attempt to'field a
team. (8818 Staff Photo)
 
OUR REPRESENTATIVES '
ON CAM
1962—1963
south Campus
East morris
West morris
liable
Cowles
Clark
Gates
watson
duncan
Smith
South counter
Head Representative
rates
'l 0’! '2 proud Sl'.
 
Flowers
PUS FG‘R "I
Ann Van builder
Steve patrick
Larry Kuhn
movie Dunn
George Buck
. Wayne Guno
Roy Cooper
Pei-e brand
Bill Siebenschuh
Gene‘robert
men-y bored"
urban funny
235-3197 >
 
 
«Friday, Decemlaerf 7 I951
WARM-J AND BACK Page Seven
 
,papers
By David Baetz
5&8 Staff Writer
The Pioneer “Skew““e‘s Play the last of the ball game, \when‘, scores in the Midwest Con-
their ﬁrss home game of the
1962 6:! campaign in party to
night At 7' 30 p..m Ilie Pioneers
will lace the Redmen of simon
in what promises to be one oi
the best games of the season.
Both square will be seeking
institution for the interactive
favor which they created up—
on one another in a logged
contest last February That
was one oi the key games in
Grinnell's drive to the 1961-62
Midwest conference Cham— .
township as forward penny use
by, with ten sgcoiids recruiting
in the game, bank a jump shot
to give the badly gathered
Pioneers the victory, 67.th,
it was a game that the Redmen will not easily forgot.
Throughout the
'the simon squad had nominated
the play. They controlled the rec
sounds on both backboards and Gary davis, 6— 6 and 220 lbs
led in the selling Column until
the Pioneers shipped into the
lead for the ﬁrss time and store
the victory from them.
BY VIRTUE of the muscle so
characteristic at last
squad. the Pioneers
year's ,ward and football star Jack Anwere able person, 6-4 and 210 lbs.
host unbeaten simon tonight ln party
Big man {or simon is center the, the and 195 lbs. with this plan Coach Pfitscli
The ability of forward penny has switched the emphasis from
Asby, ties and 205 lbs, to source the strong responding team at
back from a serious knee injury last week to a team with more
has given the Pioneers badly‘speed and a stronger defense.
‘needed responding strength plus deutsch said, “I teen that the
;a good outside shot. Completing switch in emphasis will give ua
‘llle starting ﬁve will he guard enough added mobility to overall team sparkplug car Smith, shadow any decrease in our re.
under~‘5~9, and either Dave Sellergren, mounting power. A luck 0: mo-
Me is currently the lending
science win] a total of 49
Points through the ﬁrss two
games
Right behind davis comes for-
to inch up on the Redmen only‘sold has scored 45 points through 5.10 or Dick Ulrich, 6-0, at the bility was one at our shortcom-
in the last period and ﬁrally
squeezed past them in the clay-
log seconds of the game. This Smell,
year the Grinnell ﬁve are determined to change the completion at the contest.
in a year that was supposed
to be a period ol reconstruction,
simon coach permit “Doc” Weis—
ke has produced a lormidable
basketball machine. With only
three returning batteries from
last years squad, the
Redmen have already demolished
at;
upskirt to early zt major
entire contest, VIonmouth, 87 57. and Kno\, 86 Following russell is isle teams
guard position. Also flat-:inns last weekend."
out the squad are guard Frank ed to see a lot oi action is can-1 0N RIPON’S surprising showing), forward Willie clear her Kent anderson. ing last weekend. deutsch said,
under, 6-3, and guard and ﬂfor Grinncll coach John deutsch “The team that gets oﬂ' to a good
manager Jim Cahoon, 5.10. has decided to change his senate— start In this conference, imperial.
THE PIONEERS, led by com'gy for tonight's contest. instead 1y away from home. has a trecaptains penny Asby and Car at starting anderson at the high vendors edge. Although simon
Smith, carry a 1-1 record into post. he plans to keep him in won its two games at home they
Friday's contest, The big man ready reserve to spell russell at still possess some of this psycholor the Pioneers tonight will he the inside position. Jim Miﬂ‘win logical advantage,” He was quick
center John russell. 6-7 and 190 Wm move from his outside (or. to add, however, “men when
lbs. Snndell will be counted on we have a medicare team we
portion oi the are dark tough to beat at home,
all important responding duties. and remember, this is the team
that won last year’s champion—
ship."
the ﬁrss two contests. mounting other
ward spot to the high post post.
tion, and either Sellergren or U17
rich will take over at the vocal—,
loading scores, forward Jim gif» ed forward post.
Grinnell unimpressive in see/tend basketball split.
. By John Moore
5&1; small Writer
The Grinncll Pioneers opened
the 1962 basketball season lists
\weekend with an unimpressive
(35 as victory over St. Olai, vol-,
lower by a decision G9 58 beneath
at the hands at Carleton on Saki
ur-day afternoon.
in bridges game. the “0125”
drew first blood and bumper otil
to an early lead The Pinneersl
quickly closed the gap and attend
five minutes or play took a lo ahead. From this point on, it was
all Grinnell. The Pioneers held
a id to l2 point lead the remain.
der or the game and were never
seriously threatened.
Only two arinuell players
scored in double figures. Kent
anderson pubmed in live baskets and one tour shot for 11 1
points and Jim hiiiilia, al- i
though carrying a number ol l
tools throughout most ot the 1
game, skilled home six was- l
kits and two soul shots for l
n points. st Oluf's all—con— ,
revenue haltback, clark samoa,
displayed his basketball grow—
rss by contributing it points ‘
to the losing cause.
Serious injuries. both
by St ala'l players Jim Glesne, 1‘
a guard, suffered a knee in
jury and Andy joe incurred al
shoulder separation l
ON SATURDAY AFTER-‘
NOON, Carleton presented aj
light zone defense. which Gllnnell was never able to crack
The Pioneers bumper to an early
3—. v lead but the girls soon took
over and quickly filed up an ll
point lead alter 10 minutes oi
the first half. They maintained
this ll point margin and the
score was 36-25 at maritime, ‘
car Smith and Mifflln opened the second hall with a scor—
ing three which quickly changed.
the completion of the game.pitch in minutes of play in the
second half. the Pioneers 6105»
ed the gap to one point, training
47—46.
However, have Current 1
came off the Carleton bench ‘
to put the game on ice, scor- 3
ing eight quick points, Then .
the home team‘s zone defense l
tightened up, allowing only 12 l
points to be scored by the ,
Pioneers in the remaining 10 l
minutes.
THREE GEINNELL PLAYERS
reached double figures. britain
scored 18 points, car Smith
scored 14 points, and John Sun<
(well»sc01'ed ll points.
Both games were marked with
poor ball handling by Grinnell
and this {actor contributed her’w
fly to the inconsistent shooting.
The oil slv‘e patterns locked
the she rss and confidence
that Grinncll tags have become
accustomed to seeing. The fast
breaks were missing, as were
the frequent key passes under
the basket.
however, the defensive games
played by St_ Olai and Carleton
can not be underestimated.
Against Carleton, the Pioneers
faced a tight zone which forced
the ball to the outside, keeping
most oi the shots outside the
fifteen root mark. The effectiveness oi this zone was evidenced
by the shooting percentage of
the Pioneers. In the first hall,
Glilinell hit only 7- 44 Shots or
15% of shots attempted.
GRIHNELI
. r
R
h n
senegal
G. Smith
Ashv
Bllchhnliz
sarah
c. mltn
sellers
'low. do
\I_
l
t
l
u wilson
l Jlmollstu
Total. El H
drama... micecnnnnl ca. st. our 29.
GRINN criterion- F
» Lnlwli
t .\lo to
l Dtlﬁdevil
4‘; 2|
To
immune scum Cnlleion zr. Ciiiinell
III'IDWEST CONFERENCE
STANDINGS
a
Carleton
Lawrence
simon
Co oc
Cornell
Grinnell
Beloit
Knox
plymouth
st. mat
1.000
1.000
1.000
.500
,500
000
.000
.000
other—AI—i—NNN
'l
3 large Main for the second time;
lzBut ii the freshmen win theory
iﬂcontaining two games, they will
in. hold ﬁrss place undisputed.
t
, i
‘ment with only a week of com-
1
l
angeles
;; games to even things out as does
3' James,
exchanges
i,victory record.
.1,1\\‘eek could cause a general shift
. P011:
1.000 ‘
.000 V
oz’any
located
By Lynn ncnzler
 
SINGER SEWING MACHINE
Late model can be seen in this location. Small
balance or payments of $4.89 per month. also 19“
full automatic big log. over half paid. Small payments on either machine. Write Credit Dept" Corlyn Investment Co.. County Road 10. South SI.
Paul. Minn.
N
Main hall has taken over ﬁrss‘
place in the volleyball tourna—
petition left. Their biggest threat
to the trophy is barnes which‘
dropped into second place only
after losing to the Mainites and
to loose.
 
The biggest test will come onE Monday when the sellers chat-.
 
Look Sharp!
1 for the Folks
Central places in the standings i
might also shift with the ﬁnfl;
Read has three more and ﬁle Formal
while years has three
to add to its logging
A series of np—j
sets or close contests in the last
visit
STANFORD'S
BARBERSHOP
in the standings.
Volleyball standings
Main
barnes
Read
 
Cleveland
J :i men
Loose
seats
 
of . January I .
age.
 
To all our friends: We are closing business as
1963. To you who have been our
customers. our different thanks for your patrol-
BERNICE'S
CANDY
 
Get Your Snow Boots
AT
STRAND'S SHOES
 
 
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AN D
Friday, December 7I I962
Waribllrg hosts Grinnell travelers
in dual meet tomorrow at beverly
The Grinncll wrestling squad
journals to beverly tomorrow
for a still'meet wnh Warthurg
College,
This will be the second of the
‘year [or the Pioneers, who took
part in the multiteam Knox one
vocational tournament last week.
Morgan Michel was the only
Grinnellian to place, taking
third in the lightweight davis
ion. Lcn Calodney, John Gaarde.
Ken Clymcr, Al Ma<nght and
Larry Miller all won first round
He then
match to
second place winner.
.won his corporation
take third. place
COACH TERRY MOORE said
he was pleased with some
aspects oi the team's perform»
‘once, totally the showing ol
Michel and DeWitt, but indicated that there was a long road
ahead before the boys could be
ranked as conference containers.
‘ Moore will feature the same
linear tomorrow that saw action at Knox. This will include
Calodney at 123 pounds, Gaai-de
Mike Dewitt took a bye, losttat iso, delight at 137, and fly<
‘a tough decision. then camezmer at 147. At 157 the coach will
back with a‘pin in the console-ago with Will Van Home; at lo7,
tion round before losing again.‘Ml11er; DeWitt at 177; party
w Michel moved into the semifi» bingo at 191 and 230—pound
deals before 1 'ng to the ultimate Michel at lightweight
PICKING UP RIDIT G TIME IS morgan Michel itrf Gl'lllilell, as he the lt match K II . lk h
In last weekend‘s Knox occupational Wrestling meet, Michel was Gt'innell‘s (top finished,
taking: third place in the lightweight division
 
Animal life
By George correct however. The players, or more
lcorrectly, the participants, would
Cowles won the close ones last mm aimlessly about the gym
“95““ “El“ and .dmppe‘i Lan‘door in a spirit of friendly as—
can down into third place bytsodmim
taking four games, North was
the only one to really proﬁt from; Frequent timeeouts would be
this week’s action, as she watch-followed, with a teneminute rest
ed her main competitors ruinlperiod at maritime. The only re—
each other. Cowles' chance to mailing problem is how to tie
laugh will Come when Langan [engine the winner. Perhaps we
Eric coleman will be on
Fresh camera l D"-
'al. an evening money hour. spank
ban team opens its season to educated in Austria. He received
Wm be played m beverly mph D. from the University of Vigame-length scrimmage, The first “ball“ °f ‘he his“? “9“"
.N. leu-,
are on Rights day
ment of Cornell College, Last
year, he was a visiting lectures
at the University of Bonn, West
‘Germany. A noted authority, he
»also enjoys a reputation for be- .
ing a precise and interesting
speaker.
Dr. coleman will speak on ”The
Monroe Doctrine: Legend or
Reality.” The talk is scheduled
for 7 pm Monday, December in,
,in counter lounge,
 
olympus December to
al‘ War’rburg
'sm'ed by IRC.
lmarrow night against the Wm, his AB. from the Akademishes
Last Friday, the freshmen opalenna'
shall of the game was close, out
‘man Rights Day, and will speak
The Grinnell freshman basket-l Dr- coleman was born and
burn College treshmen. The game Gymnaswm in Vienna. and his
based the football team in a! Dr. coleman is currently the
the irish quickly expanded their
meets North.
As per the suggestion oi Len!
Calodney’s column, a move to;
add a sport allowing more iii-1
divisions to take part is brown
ing among‘ some lM chairman:
Replacing one of the more video
left winter sports, this new acer
tivity would be called “parties—t
nation" and would seq are no,
skill or competitive spirit \chapel
might suggest ﬂspring a coin.
valley standings
 
Continued from page 4 i
changing Women’s hours, After.
President women rejected the
proposal, she and her colleague5i
quickly accepted “no" for and
answer. .
Both Miss bailey and powell‘
should have gone first, to then“
own constitution. l
strategy than to bad ideas,
The effects of our leader‘ships
can be attributes more to bad,
powell and Boston are right in,
saying‘ that the drinking and the
hours rules are, in themselves,
initial. l
BOTH AGREE that the more‘
important question is "What are
the consequences oi Gl‘innell’s
social policy on 1) the atmosphere oi the conege, 2) the kind
student body we have, and the
of relationship of social rules to
longerangc goals (as anticipated
in Dr. women's ‘ng anne ol‘,
Numbers" corporation address
this year).
Yet, both powell, and Boston
apparently plan to proceed on‘
the same basis as they have
after before '7 through a sys
tel of “suites.”
flow student Government
theoretical position, 4) they
5) they must student
support.
it their efforts are rejected by
the administration, our student
government OffiCEl‘s ought to re
sign.
President women is a program-_
site man He can probably be
convinced. if he cannon—it diSAl
session fails—student modern-l
merit ought to use their powertheir power not to function. By
publishing student government}
they can embarrass the armenia-l
duration and create enormous!
difficulties to overcome.
. The responsibility of the
students is to invited (hand
serves in the fundamental
issues and not the supervision
01185. Some 01 us must come
up with our own proposals.
Some oi us must think about
iii-tliright action ii the admin
isolation fails to compromise.
We can change the rules if we
act effectively. The student
Government President has the
major responsibility in direction
the response to the .Admlntstl'ae
gather
l
l
tion‘s challenge Ho must go to‘
,tlic students, he must enlist their
sport, and he must act dolls~
‘ i ightly.
Must Respond
Between now and April, std»
it all this fails.
rid of the grass,
we can get
still be held in
clear at the start of the second:
shall, and coastal home with a
substantial lead.
The starting linear for .
young Pioneers will be: neil;
Fl'anti and words Kinkead at'
the guards, Al Peterson and Ted
sister at the forwards and hills
Langsberg at center. Center Al,
,J. Hand, forward Steve Woolpel‘t‘
land guard Phil books are ex.‘
posted to see a lot of action in
reserve roles.
the
 
‘ When asked to compare this:
clear‘s [rose team wto last year's,
Coach powers stated that her
trnust seek out student opinion. coupon't be sure unless the two‘
‘teams could play each other, butt
.that this year‘s guard pair!
‘Fl'anti and Kinkead, were as
good basketball players as he-
ihas seen at Grinnetl, i
l 1
Chapel: Languages]
of christmas l
Dean of the Chapel Winston:
The Two Languages of Christ-l
L. King, will give the vermont
mas" (it the Christmas set-vice
Sunday, December 9 at 11:30
am l
HOLD TREE-TRIMMINGS ‘
t
Co-ed tree swimming parties;
the calls on.
north Campus tonight and swing,
idav The calls will have the
invoice of the two days, and ill
organize the swimming western es}
on a date, or hall exchange has
his,
The women‘s calls will hold
their tl‘ce‘listing parties on‘
Saturday. Some ol the women's
lhalld hair decided to invite fax—
ulty members and their childrens
‘to the party.
oral tori-It
@I‘item’ll Natl
‘die iiolilcr in will:
tlnm tu greene.’
 
THE FINEST
IN CAKES AND
ROLLS
DANISH MAID
 
Remember
The Formal Season
is Here.
White. Satin Heel
and class
eyed to the color of
your choice.
BROWN'S
some Err co.
 
 
sent leadership must respond to
the Administration‘s challenge in,
 
the following way: 1) they must:
corporate recommendations re—
voting to the conference College,
goals, 2) they must draft mo .
operations in present social leg'
nation which t'allow from their i
SALES
“TRZ rirapciser ssl], ’Su ' non1cds To me New For! Flnmtcd in
Cuba t v . 1. Prepared To Send
men.’ a mat to the cnabinli.
man: 0! Cuba as scntnil :supply utltl
LOW COST REPAl
* 7k
mnintumnrn b In! Soviet naval op.
eratioio in the Alltttlii: amp, The
other had to do uni. omit-it a Star:
nnivenity to admit ii new in
Tire Administration is cloudy man
out oi time to
more out which
are. most needs
a show 9] name."
School and Party
Mimeographing
For Ill: :Vrvelll hm
clNATIONAtREVlEW
we. [or we. mph
two E 15 St, New
"ACROSS FROM T
* Smith - Corcnu
* Oliveﬂi
‘A' series
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels”
appointed cal-ch Book Covers
GRlNNELL OFHCE StilPPLY
Q REPAIR . RENTAL
R ON ALL MAKES
7k ’Q’
Supplies
 
HE POST OFFICE"
BERNICE‘S
"We Ship Anywhere“
Tel. 236-4759
820 Fourth Ave.
 
 
 
