___——__
Heidelberg Expert 1 0
l W West of file Mississippi River
Dr Goetz both of the “Institut fur Politische listen~L
schaft" Heidelberg, germany, will be a Visiting processors
in political science this coming someone1 at Grinnell, Jamesl
H stands, dean of the college, announced today
Dr Both will present two courses. International Politics and [VOL LXV]|IG"""9“ College, GrW'en- [Gwa Fr”Lil’- Jan“5"Y1 '21'952 N0-
» Government a n d‘
P°1¥lil§s agoﬁzgmanlﬂll demonstration Tomorrow
awlldyrhn can ones Dr. women Will visit Yugoslavia
the recent history Registration for the second
and of the political semester will take place in the
.
institutions of destroyed's symposium Saturday AS Ford Foundahon Grou Head
and East Germany morning from 3:00 , 1:45 and
The main focus of llc the afternoon from 1:00 . 5:00.
the course, however,‘ 1 Students will be admitted ac. President Howard R. women was announced Tuesday
will be placed up-
on problems of building _to thaeogolloawlinglsched- as chairman of El three—man Ford Foundation committee
German foreign 3; ”"5355; ' ' ' 51 ”3°“? which will make a month- long visit to five universities in
hohcyl , . . , sophomores, 9. 5 -1Y
11:45 and freshmen, 1:00 _ 3 0_ l ugoslavia to choose a g1our oil 7V— gi,
Students interest-l visiting scholars.
cfr diane 553:?er? The committee, which also in-‘ A. L. Bickmore
Germany should a e S are causes Dr. Stanley T. Gordon
consult their major
advisor’ The course of the Ford Foundation and Prof. To Se ave As
will be glen new - lRichard E, Neutsadt of forum— .
days and Thu,stays1o ysms OS big University, is scheduled to‘ A VISOI' Here
at U and will be ' ’ ‘
conducted as a see l Gram O. sales (physics) has arrive in Belgrade January 20,}
11131 priority wiki= been named regional connector Following interviews at the
be given seniorslfor the state of iowa by the universal'e f ,3] ~ _1 - 1 .
and seniors, American Association of Physics .3“ s 1 S. O esglfade.‘ cum 155233;“ 35 .3 “"l‘lfmmm “g
Teachers and the American Ins“_ J 1 araJEV01 oplje, anal 1» P . nnng B SECOD
Dr, Ruth received . z b b webmaster, he and Mrs. Biekmore
, cute of Physics. acre . a out 30 young Profes-1 . . .
‘l‘l‘jldfl‘l‘mega‘l: £33 in this new post, he will work1sort and other scholars will be M“ mu” “‘9 W‘”‘"““ 0 Gen“?
’ ' ' ‘ ' (chemistry) home while Dr.
as we a :l l l with educahonal authorities in offered a ll t . 1
professor 55:35 leg" ”3 iowa to improve the quality of C “we ° mm ‘0 “‘9 alike 15 On leave,
Ashley L. Bickmore of Mid»
,dletown, Conn, has joined the
~ never from 1955. high school physics teaching in united 5m“ f‘" a year °f 5”“ A graduate of bobby College
Dr Goetz both 53 and presented the 5‘3“" , dy and ”gem" with a B-A- degree Bickmore
introductlslry seminars hforh students of sociology and political encounteredé 0th 1515;591:0111“ They will come 215 visiting has an M.Ed. degree from the
sc1once are seven y e as consolidated on roberts of inner~ men was ma 6 y 1‘0 error
national politics, including German foreign solid}; at the institute calcium cornell. ot the J.silver-1S.Ch°k‘rS ““d“ a ”may 55‘“ 1:32? 5:3?“1‘efsmm‘g‘3‘ Ed"
0.”: C l site of Colorado, President title‘asked by the Ford Foundation and b '. 5 ”l3“? 3° 6:
— am US ' ' ' American Association of Physics that is similar to one thread in “smegma“ W ° m- me“
1 y
earn x I I Teachers and Dr. older dutch- t» ~ “’13.“ has be?“ “gage“ m 9‘1“"
A +- 3+ PI issue Director of the American opera 1°11. W1”! several 0f PD- national public relations, advise IV] y and constitute oi Physics. Professor lands ““‘VerS‘l‘ES- ,tion and fund raising works B . S own are ’Gale served as educational con- N B b
o e Val-led gig-paul, to the institute in 1957 l ew ar er Plaza dedicated
A wide variety of programs, A collection of 29 modem He was selected for his comes . career of files rich. ’99 the
ranging from chamber music to hand-women categories by Clar.1chance in physics, interest in im- ““1131 sent“ S"; l?“ Pl’l‘a“ rich is to he maintained to; st“.
a Grand Ole Opry show is ibel McDaniel of Carbondale, upcoming physics teaching and'lfa‘l‘:t eye gale‘d “ﬁgs “3 sent and facultyrstaff use from
planned for entertainment in: all., is now on exhibition in théfacility to work effectively incl,00 .dP gt; a “g fly; en‘ill-fd' October through March each
Des points during January, Fine Arts Center. The showing, iowa to reach this objective. - re,“ e“ “1"” - . “W year, During the other months
Musical events include the: which opened Thursday, Jan. 4, 45°C“ CQ'W‘M‘" 3’“ oem“ it will he used to, outdoor par:
Des points symphony orchestra will continue through Jan. 23 C II e's PPPE 533;“ Mail; will 1:33;; gm“: ties and cancer
with guest violation kidney1 Miss McDaniel, leaving in—l 0 e ?‘ °“ "‘3' ‘ g e 1’
North High School auditoriumlUniversity, has had her work
at 41 estimated in numerous shows
Dr. women stated that the square meet in area, about the
skating plaza would be extreme- same size as the famous pocket
earth this Sunday afternoon constructed at Southern illinois G. $2 4 937 .mg. The link is roughly 7,000
- - . , ly valuable to Grinnell in pro- seller Center link in New York
”35336323,, r12m:l girls] nglienlzgldal‘davis won a number “i A three-year grant oi $241937reading a further opportunity for City. Ice for the plaza is pro»
the brake University auditorium Her lapesmes vary greatly in1in renewal of support of the students to lmamialm their phys- video _dylan extension of the air.
Wllh Andrew 13. White, balloon subject shape Slze and leisure ,Program in Practical Political ical well-being which is essential conditioning apparatus of the
calcium Fm, will New“ and lhéy are love“ l“ many dir.’ Education has been made to to a high level of intellectual new Fine Arts Center.
3 plans mm for “when {mm colors and smaller of Grinnell by the patrick and achievement, During suitable weather a
or the ci io Music Association yarn. They bear such titles as man” talk Fwi‘dam“ 0‘ sms’ The ngmm 3‘ Which Vice “mm-"w ““k- 53-“ °f party
at 5:15 pm. in the KENT .1brain,S_Eye View,” “committee birth, Pa, President toward R, President permits C: Ludwig was also W111 be maintained for both
theater on Jm m Comm Meeting)" liAbslramon h, HighBowen announced this week, master of categories, also in- recreational skating and ice
consists will compete in the Key” and “Network in Red." l The talk Foundation helped eluded a special skating _lemon- hockey- _
Young Artists‘ additions, A rug, 33,135 inches, 15 theilnitlate the political education simian featuring excitement by Phones WI” Be On
Jan, 27 from 9 am, until 4 largest of the items displayed,lprogram withagrant three years Dr- BOWm NW“ “V1150“. sue .
1m in the brake university .It is women in wool, silk, jamie ago as part of its effort to helplAndmm‘ and A““ V“ G‘lee‘d' For Exam Period
audioriurn. land lines, using black, white, and encourage colleges and uni— Eh? dﬁm‘mstz‘m" 3.35 lamngle N0 elm e in me usual hours
contracts married Moore vlo- gray and olive hues. 1W“cities in “education the ““7 y “read "8C or N g
 
 
t' d A t' 't' Co below dance cells will occur drain the
ist Patricia Stephenson will per shell exhibition are scheduled row 1 Dr. c. admin Gilmour (pacific, m“) a" c ‘v‘ ‘95 “n g
chamber music decimal at the from October through March ‘PPPE. gm from Mrs margaret Kyle chairman of the AWS board
Friends or Music decimal area 0‘ e "ES 8 a . ma . ll Friday, January 1,2
free of E11111. T B G i0f SDX Th l 39 Ph 1
l i I I l 9:30 p,m._Following game—ice Skating Party with red
a‘ “19 Des ones Community Mo, former editor oi the New the private dining room. Attend» ARH
on weekends gently co—editor and cerpublish-liil journalism, plus special factor 274 p.m.7Tobogganing Party
cds Cuka will interface in She~ Wednesday at Grinnell. Snndaln January 14
theater at 8:30 pm Wedhgsi Delta Chi all Theta Sigma Phi, question period. Besides being a Thursday, January 131
1rss ectivel , a ties,” and “garmin’ the Blues" (40
Johnny Cash and countryaiid p y W Sp°ns°mg ‘m‘s‘gmt Dena ChiKBNT theater Jan. 23 at 1:30, 9:30 p.mlb-Ice Skating Party with requirements
modem version, will slim ln arena in Des points, will teach Who wishes help Faculty and 3:00 p,m.—Movie—“Dr. current,11 ARH
1 Friday, January 26
llnlsl cells Ponzlanl and ml“ The 29 categories in the Grin-lies for pages" Simone (men1s physical educa. for phone service in the resident ia center. final examination error record—
form in a Friends of Music shows in time Midwestern fitness al science) is director of the M2539 possible by a $50,000line to Ann family)“, puhhcity
Des points Art Center Jan. 23 . .
at 4 pm. Both of the events at F Ed 1 0f N Y k 'l' b
brake University and the order I or 8W 0r rl une SOCIAL CALENDAR
7:30 pm ——BasketballiMonmoulh
» 7:30 p.m —Swimming meet—Nebraska
Samuel Taylor’s ”The areas-l
are of His Company” will pda , a . _ . . . . treatments
J Robert M, White 11 of Mexico, 1dinner, which will be at 6115 in 9:30 p_m__roll°wing gamchMovanlusllce ls Done")
glayail-OESZDJefe-elilzligtllilrsozgnl; gfgdlrork Herald-Tribune and our» ing will be students interested gamma, January ‘13
H . 13 dd 1 F er of the Mexico Evenillgltyrstaff and off-campus guestsl 7:30 pm _1l§paintball_xbox H D
someone a key and ran. merger, Wm speak at a dmhgrl “Howlm Control the Press” is, 030 atm.7 olowmg gamFSock 0p, army
lagh Delaneyis 11A Taste of A _ thesubiect of Mr. White’s talk, 34:30 p,m7chogganing Party
Honey” Jan. 15-17 at the KRNT Th“ ”large Chapters 0‘ s‘gmalwhich Will be followed by a 7:30 p.m—Movie—“justice is Done”, Ann
. , national professional journalismlworking news a ermah ML 7:30 and 0:00 p.m.—Special Film Series—“membership
2:38 ﬁll-“91:1 ”We Wm be alfratemities for men and women, white is negionpalp director for dollars.” ”Show Tunes of the Thir-
‘l” minutes) Science Lecture Room.
western songs will present :1 S 1 I T B J Friday, January 19
“Grand Ole 0m,” Show m the 5 mg (355 O egg an. 3018100 p.meMovice“Dr. current." ARI-I
.l
5, and 8 in. Jan, 29, “The Mrs Ma_secret Johnsoni Pljo the link from 3:30 to 5 and will Saturday, January 20 _
month Mama daddy Chayefsky.S emotional instructor at the ice he “single h) cum antonio 7:00 until 12:00 pin—Bowling
. figure skating classes on career 5mg members are also lnvned Sunday, January 21
the KENT theater at 8‘30 pm‘lPlaza beginning Jami 30- to take advantage of this upper- ”0 p'm'—P‘a“° oem“
These classes, part of the reg- tuning. according to Anna Mae 7.30 d 1015 _S .l Fl 5 . A i 7
College Church men's 111151111 W (women's 911m «111:1 - ~ 111. 11£e§$711can£(533511153339 Chap
program, _w111 be open to men tions- 1 3:30 p,all.—Dl‘amp—“Tlle Thirteen Clocks,” Roberts
The Reverend George study, students If they are "(it “1le The figure skating classes will Theater ‘
minister of the Edgebrook Cons forum teens registrar‘)“: The begin Jan. 30. Any upperclass Saturday, January ,27 , . _ _ _
operational church in Chicago, classes Will be held from 1200 women interested h, addition 8:00 pm.~—Spec1alFl‘lllm Series—Charlie charlie remedies
will speak in service chapel this ’-° 1- 30 Pm and “Om 2 ‘0 3-30 one of the classes should check 8‘30 P:m»7TDlrlarréa7 The Thirteen Clocks, Roberts
Sunday morning at 11:30. The1pm. each Tuesday during the with the womens physical ed“. ea or
. , 0:00 p.m exec Skating Party with requirements
title of his person is “The first half of the semester.c21l:non department Monday or 9:00 p.m—Union Party with Band
Christian as a samples.n Mrs. Johnson will domain atlTucsdays _____——__
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Two
 
 
 
ﬁnudist and {Mark ‘
Grlnnell, Iowa
GRINNELL COLLEGE
n weekly newspaper published inch Friday of the college
year by the Grinnell Committee on Student I‘ublich ns, r,
andrew Brown, ch 'rmnn. morcscnwd for national advertising
by national nm-ct-using venice. inc., College publishers her
rebenuillve, 420 Madison Iii/2., New York, N. ‘1. Entnlod us
Vi second cliisa matter M lbs Post. ouirc at. Grlnl'le lows, under
l“ \he not of blnrch z, isis. subscriptions nitc $4.50 per school
Year.
ones:
Editor
Socciol Assistant
vaccine assistant B
   
  
 
Nancy Page!
.him Hotlirld
  
 
 
     
Jon person
Gaol-cc buck
mm Enllmltu
. Dovc Brown, San. Glossmhn
,. . pussy n, Roberts
 
business Manager
New) Editor
Assistant News Edita
Copy Editor
  
  
 
    
 
 
   
  
 
Assistant Co) Russ Luepku
Proof mini! Gsrhldinc Rooney
Assistant pilot L..A, C 10$. .. S’realityﬂ Kent
so a not. in arms
SW”: EM ,, .. Pete Ilﬁllel'
return Editor .,
chief Photographer
Ad Solomon ..
Layout honors
business Auismn
John ilnrlnn
, Cwl’ga forest
. leslie lsuisclrucn
Andy hand
   
 
No Drums, No Trumpets
It would be affair to pass agreement on the new testing schedule at this point. But, nevertheless, we can’t help
being reminder of the well-meaning animal lover who
(looked his dog’s tail it little at a time—so it worlds’t hurt
so much.
u a a
With tongue still in check we note that if there is no
vocal conservative group on campus at present, there are
at least the stockings of an active, in fact radical, middle.
Members of the young organization are reported to be
elderly training the publishing of a book by Clark‘s supercenterist Tom builder called “Thunder on the Fence."
‘ Jim Hatfield
 
on i m :1- Anln 8' ACK
Friday, January I2I I952
 
by Tom Phillips
Bertold Brccht's ”education
shall Circle" was presence by
Grinncll Players on December a
and 9 in Roberts Theater. Two
modes presented in the worksocial partly and social criticism.
The backdrop of the payable
was class struggle, but rather
than purchasing the rise of a
moral and discovery working
class, Brecht made his secretariat across just as correct and
ridiculous as his aristocrats, and
his social position was seen only
in the fact that he views the
common man with a kind of
busty joy.
Brecht’s genius came through
as he on one hand destroyed the
image of the ideal pendant rev—
caution. and on the other, candidates the human qualities of
the common people.
Such statements as “The
home of the Soviet people shall
also be the home of Reason"
(quoted in the original dialogue) were shown to bc nonsensical, for the prolctarians
were hardly more reasonable
than their predecessors still,
the class war was looked upon
here as a human comedy
rather than an economic struggle, and the rule of the pace
 
carroll to tie (bali-for
An open letter to the faculty and
students:
1 am very grateful to Dr.
Easy for having raised the is
sees which he did concerning std—
sent government(S&B, Doc. 3).
These issues concerning a very
philosophy of student modern—
ment have driven again and dc
gain, but never before have they
been so clearly discounted and
opened stated. I should like to
speak to these points in this
latter.
Until the past few years, college student governments were
little more than shadow orgasm
stations performing a few necessary administrative functions.
They planned social events, took
ca'rc of pop machines, and performed other routine tasks. Under these Circumstances many
student governments went out of
business for lack of any relevance to the educational and in
tallsctual enterprise. They simply could not grass the essence
of student leadership. So in
many of the more forward-looks
ing schools there has been a
sentence to add a Creative fund—
tion to the administrative.
David sherman has written
boat the apache, blissful ind
fcrcncc, and scientist of college students. Students are com.
fitted to an inadequate status
que in absence of some miracle
of nature that will bring change
without involving them in it.
The most discussing thing about
Dr. sherman’s observations in the
absence of understanding of the
relation of an individual to the
affairs of society and the solution of public questions—it is
the lack of a feeling of personal
participation which democratic
societies need.
John Stuart Mill said, “The
moral influence which a university can exercise, consists
less in any express teaching,
than in the providing tone of
the place. Whatever it teachv
cs, it should teach as integrated by a sense of duty, it
should present all knowledge
as chicago a means to worthincss of life, given for the
double purpose of making
each of us beautifully useful
to his fellow creatures, and of
elevation the character of the
 
species itself; starting and
displaying our nature."
This is the reason for the at.
tampa to improve student government. Perhaps no other single
group of individuals so accurate-
ly mirrors, and more important,
clearly affects the values held
by a student body than those
who are in the student government. The degree of concern
that student government cyprus—
rss for student comments in relation to its concern for student
excellent and responsibility will
be both a reflection of current
values on campus and a strong
contributing factor.
Thus a USNSA basic policy
declaration states, ”A student is
both dedicated to truth and to
preparing himself for leadership
in a democratic society; he must
be prepared to face the chat—
lenses of modern life and he
must be willing to contract the
crucial issues of public policy
that affect him beyond the class.
room and that determine the
course of his society." The example that student government
sets forth and the values it
manifests will set the providing
tone of the place.
A student government and a
national union of students then
are organizations for action.
They are not information agent
miss—students can read newspapers. As vehicles for action,
student government makes the
statement of protest or principle
and sets up the committee to
remedy or to take appropriate
action.
Thc president of the United
States demands the people that
they are engaged in the bush—
news of making their nation
one which embedded the ideas
of individual liberty and op—
community. And the cry, “Tell
us what to do," comes to the
President. “We cannon act until hc tells us what to do,"
comes from the nation's press
and citizenry.
This is not the spirit of a
strong, dynamic nation. Student
government must provide an
atmosphere of commitment and
action within the academic com—
munich that is conducted to the
development of citizens who will
not have to be told what to do.
it will develop citizens who are
capable of defining for themselves a responsible role in so.
dirty in suite of its complexities
and corporations.
it will develop citizens who
will not behind down when
they sec something that needs
to be done. student government
should exist to provide a stimulus and a vehicle by which std-
cents can make a commitment
on an issue that is worthy and
then make some sacrifice to
manifest that commitment,
Dr. Baay is not exactly for—
rest when he aspects that std—
sent leaders have not been
elected for their theoretical or
political views. In some calls,
senators have, This is my reason for wishing to create political parties on the student covered
mint level. Elections are approaching and I ask every stud
dont to ascertain the political
views of those whom he events.
This will not destroy student
government, but will help us to
grass more fully the essence of
student leadership.
Bill panama
SGA trail‘left
Dear distinguished editor:
In inspiration — and after a
healthy expense of calculation
because of my disallusionmcnt—
I write you in the picturesque
and sustainable languages (Revised Addition) of my students
term papers before my honor is
hlllenated and my beliefs inherited.
The epidimy an dcapth of the
disasterous diff 7 of which 1
am the non-heriditay victim—
is the consolidated affect of all
those keyword and unscraupulous propogandists (my reported students). despite my according. cleaning, prophesizing, and
dissaproval, there spelling definitely and devistatingly addresses bookmarks, with no hope
of attention from the boundary
of there favorite experience
with words.
The finals blogs (term papers) which they are now engineering and i am receiving, by
which i am completely served,
are a type of associated literature often of considerable insignignificance.
Thcy arc about to connector,
any physical validity and flexibility by prominantly interval—
ing my compliance and loadvcrtantly chastising me with
political scrcwdncss.
At this rate I shall soon be
distances from my controls existence. Perhaps your iniativc
andreas decision will help me
device how there death cars can
be phone the delicicacies of commission in the knock of time
and how they can be lead from
there idolitrics (of incorrect
spelling) to the feastivals of
truth.
Heartfully yours,
Winston L. King
—exercise their typewriters? Ed.
plc charged as an originally
good thing, “almost an age of
justice."
The major difficulty both in
interpretation and performance
of the play lay in the character
of Grusha, the kitchen-said.
Grusha is on one hand radical
loss: she is silly not overall
timontal and is given expansion—
ed clothes to speak. However. her
stock situation is continually
appearing, and invited an embassy characteristic of melodrama, thus discussing the fax—
pic of detailed partly.
Unless the play is to be viewed as a crude tearrjerker concerned with mothers and children, Grusha‘s python must be
seen as teaching but essentially
write, and the actress playing
Grusha must expensive her role
as the continental kitchen-said,
another side or the comic working-class image.
Barbara deals, as Grusha, took
exactly the opposite back. Lines
like “Being powerful and bad,
Is hard on a had . . . " are
obviously not to be taken seriously, but Miss deals played
them straight, causing an odd
marriage of statement and par»
odd to take place on the stage.
However, Brecht may have been
more to blame than Miss deals
for this inconsistency. He gave
Grusha far too much emotional
appeal, and it would be a major
task for any actress to cut off
the embassy that this role must
Campus
by lots
Five Grinncll students were
asked the following question:
“What do you think about the
present testing and reading per—
god schedule?”
robert kevin (Sophomore
“since i have only lower div
sign courses the schedule does
not do that much to harm me.
There is, however, a shorter period for the lower division tests
and I find that my tests are too
closely spaces together. i city
those students who have both
upper and lower division hours
es and so have to attend classes
while studying and taking tests."
Barbara travel (Junior); “1
don't particularly like the idea
of having to go to a lower div
sign course the day of a comprehensive."
.non Amsel (Senior): “The
present examination schedule
dress’t pursuit a senior to steady for both lower division
courses and upper division
exams. recently, the does on
which lower division courses
begin interfaces with the time
needed to study for comprehensives and graduate record
tests."
Julia Johnson (Junior): "I
think that the idea is a good
one but the schedule'was arranged hourly. With a better
schedule all students would be
able to utilize the reading pe
 
 
  
 
f“thank Circle" Porlrays Social Parody, Criticism
Mike Burr, as Simon
Shnshnyn. played a. less difficult part with good taste,
never allowing the audience to
get mgudlin about his stock
emotions. John Word as the
story—seller was generally
way and philosophical, only
occasionally sucking too involved with his own pal-able.
Phil powell,was a conscious
gas as kodak, and very likely
brought over the concept of
justice upsiderdown yet right—
sitemap.
. The smaller roles in the play
are actor‘s holidays. and they
were overplaycd with busty.
Especially outstanding were
Connie merger as the governor’s
wife, Peter woman as a drunken
mono, Sam Grossman’s fat
prince, Ted Moss as a military
motor, and Al Stanley in a variety of arthur burlesques.
Sam Schuman was fine as the
warning Shauwa, though his guia
tar often passed into very inappropriate American blues, and
newcomer Chris Meyer also displayed a bidding blair for the
stage. Lighting, surgery and
makeup were imagination and
well executed. in perhaps the
best technical job players have
done.
With one major reservation
and a few minor ones. i would
say that “education shall Cir»
cle” was a great success, and
thanks to red Donahoe for a
highly removable evening.
required
M. Miller
god to a greater extent:
John Pet on (Senior): “I like
it because it gives me time to
consultants my knowledge both
for finals and for completed—
sites, but I think that there
should be some way of avoiding
the conflict between upper dive—
sign testing and lower division
classes. 1 also feel that it is
particularly bad to have second
semester lower division courses
start before Comprehensives are
finished."
Anonymous: “If they continue
Co-ed symposium
Registration tel-
Registration for co-ed physical education classes will be in
the women’s gym tomorrow. The
Co—ed courses being offered are:
Beginning funding, 1 p.m.,
Monday, Wednesday.
Senior life saving, 2 pm,
 
Monday, Friday.
Bowling, 1 pm. Tuesday,
Thursday.
Bowling, 2 pm, tuesday,
Thursday.
Water safety instruction, 2
p.m., Tuesday, Thursday.
Square dance, 4 pm, Tuesday, Thursday,
Open instruction in ice seat—
ing, 3:30 to 5:45 pm, Tucs-
day only.
The men's Schedule remains
the same as last semester
Classes begin January 25.
 
EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
First Semester.
I91) I -62
UPPER DIVISION SCHEDULE
Saturday, January 13, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group
lo. 1:00 p.m. All classes meeting in Group 11.
Sunday, January 14. Review
Day.
Monday, January 15, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 1.
LOWER DIVISION SCHEDULE
All written work must be handed in by 6:00 pm. on January
12, 1962.
Saturday, January 13, 9:00 a.m. All classes meeting in Group
ID,
Sunday, January 14, Review
Day.
Monday, January 15, 9:00 am. All classes meeting in Group 1.
1:00 pm. All classes meeting in
Group 2.
Tuesday, January is, 9:00 a.m All classes meeting in Group 3.
1:00 pm. All classes meeting in
Group 4.
Wednesday, January 17, 9:00 a.m. All classes meeting in Group
5. 1:00 pm. All classes meeting in Group 9.
Thursday, January 18, 9:00 a.m. All classes meeting in Group 8.
1:00 url. All classes meeting In Group 6.
Friday. January 19, 9:00 2.1m. All sections of Humanities 1.
1:00 p.m, All sections of Historical Studies II.
please note that the examination schedules for both upper and
lower decision will overall on January 13 and 15. .
—___._—_§
‘Friday. January. I2I I962
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
l
CAKES
computers Defeat joe; Hold Second Spot! DECORATED
by Len Calodney
The Pioneer basketball team
raised its Season’s record to 8—1
via a 78-63 victory over joe
last Saturday night in party
gym. The victory left.Grinnell
in second place in the Midwest
Conference standings behind interested plymouth College.
The Pioneers struck early on
a basket by George Gray, and
went on to file up an sea lead
before Kohawk german Lypson
scored on a foul shot. Each team
trading pairs of ﬁend goals before Grinnell survey again, net—
king six quick points on tickets
by Guard car Smith and two
by Gray
joe then held the charles
camera awareness for the next
four minutes while they chicken
for a half dozen of their own,
but the Pioneers came back to
ﬁwish the half with a 10-point
judge, 38 2a. ,
As the second half began, .
Grinnell a t
C ONFERENCE STAND—INGS
plymouth n
fri-mlbﬂ 1
Cornell
Carleton
SL olnt
Pioneer guard car Smith drives around joe december, Jack
cause, to score during the second half at last materials game.
Smith is currently investments in the Midwest conference in
scoring, hitting at a 121 point—a—game clips
 
 
gamma
surge of six straight points,
increasing their lead to 16
points.
announced, lCoe kept packing
away at the Pioneer lead, and
with 7:51 remaining in the
game were down by only ll
markers, This was the closest
the Kohawks were to get to the
hot Grinnellians as the Pioneers
posted 13 points through the
ﬁltttrltt an?! {Mark
SPCJRTS
 
loop to their opponents' two,
warning their biggest margin
of the contest, to lead 76-54
with 3:42 Showing on the clock.
In the time remaining, joe
stated a rally that nested al ‘GrinneII's depending Midwesti
string of nine points, broken Conference champion swimlningl
only by Ray norton’s ﬁend goal. steam pics its parents against_the
in this game the Pioneers didlUniversity of Nebraska tonight
not employ the hack can“ at 7:30 in the ﬁrss home meet
press they had used so eﬁactive- of the seasonal against other opponents. Coach Irv Simone rates they
' GRINNELL can meet as the toughest his team
a re r c rr rl will have all season. Nebraska
sussex 4 4-4 season s M z‘represents the Big Eight ConAsby let twatto 1-1 2 defence and Simone calls their
Sundoll 4-5 35mm“ on owned “the best at that school
Gray 2.: o Rhinel- can 1‘ in the past six or seven years.”
smith ,4 l Buy-ac M 2 The meet is the ﬁrss for GrinMilnin 5-8 action . 9-0 2 hell after an IBvday Christmas
Roger'n 2»: jackson on o vacation.
Home “’0 IWrim 0-1 1 In their previous action this
them 0-0 95mm M 1 season the Pioneers have done
power 1’2 powell, At the annual Knox Re-i
Totals 29 10728. H mm 1-2 3 days the swingers earned two
Knew" 2-3 a ﬁrss place graphics and ﬁve
second place awards in a meet‘
nominated by Washington Uni<
version of St. Louis
However they continued to I .
l . Against Beloit ,in their ﬁrss
my the same “m“mg gamelconterence meet of the year
that has produced eight video-l i .
lies so car this season. ”invite‘s “m“ 935”“
Leading the scoring parade org with lo points apiece John
was Grinnell’s Gray with 22 russell Grinnell center, was
followed by his templates, Jim mpg in the rebound department
Mlﬁwin with 16 and Bob sussex,pulled the b n 05 the boards
with 12. Lylason and Jim neck- 19 timesetwice as often as
man tied for joe's scoring hon- any other player in the game.
I
I
 
Totals 27 945 la
 
 
CINNAMON nous . l
The lines'l'
Food In Grinnell
Served In A'
Friendly A'l-mosphere
DIXIE INN
One Block From
The Campus
STEAKS
OPEN
5:00 AM. TO 8:00 P.M.
SHRIMPS CARRY OUT SERVICE
 
 
 
 
Grinnell markers WiII Splash
lAgdinsl Nebraska U. tonight
GLASSES
Mode and impaired in
our Laboratory.
Coniocl Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. GD.
0 plomefrisr
Across from Post Office
Someone in your Hall having 2 birthday? Make the
party extra special with a
cake from Brown’s.
‘ E BRITISH GOVERNMENT
has announced a thong: in Ihcl‘ .
signals’on land. (he 1:]ch a] which i
will be lo but all immIsmnlerom
commonwealth nation: who Jail Ia
about I) (Ital ajnb april: Ihcm in I
url'ml'n, or 2) [Ital (hey pour—u 14::fit! shut. or 3) Mai ”Icy arcnlumlcd. wt .l/tlnmi-gmatreon'zgtl
in!» England. they
can always try
NonldrgA—rh.
* COOKIES
I 1% SWEET ROLLS
* DECORATED CAKES
BEWN'S
BAKERY
2364386
Across from city Library
he... the (input and.
uINAIIoNA Elew.
woman: copy.
ISOEJS Noanlk
l6,N.YoIorlle-<any.
I
 
SALES Q REPAIR o RENTAL
* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
if series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* 1k * *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeogrop king
GRENNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE 9951 OFFICE"
 
BeslI Pizza in Town and Best Service Too
AHRVANO'S
Open Till 12:00 P.M. holly
10:30 P.M. Sunday
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LAGNDRY AND CLEAN NG
I I_ I_ A <3 E‘.
-. llletE em or we hold: o-Vlsmu or we we writer-i eaaeoaama
SAVE 757
 
 
G & S SPEED WASH
Across from the Rock Island Station
 
 
HOLLOW GRVIEDUND SKATES
ONLY_ HOLLOW GRINDING AVAILABLE IN GRINNELL
* * * at
LET'S TRADE SKATES
WE HAVE A COMPLETE SELECTION
“ ézs‘MAlN‘isTREET GRINNELL.‘
OF SKATES & SUPPLIES
HARRY mnzn ...JR aqua
IOWA
 
 
 
Page Four
by Jim Hemg ‘ l
The Pioneers battle it out for . .
Animal
the Midwest Conference lead]
tonight when they meet
Life
by John Williams
unbeaten plymouth in party l
gym at 7:30.
Matching their aggregate
stream and reel conference record
against plymouth’s nine—game
SIC/Pin. the Pioneers Could take Cowles has taken over the
Pioneers Fa ce scott, Si was/l Here .
SCARLET AND BLACK
cross To Bid ,
For dsl' Win 3
Grinnell's ireshman basketball‘
team will begin the weekend’s
sports events tonight at 5 with
a game against Wartburg‘s
freshmen in Derby Gym.
Friday. January I2. I962
 
Turner's Pharmacy
“Where Drugs are not a pipeline"
(Across the Street from the Grinnell State Bank)
 
over ﬁrss place by half a game
with a victory. plymouth has
lead in the race for the Mac-
Murray trophy by easily retain- After
losing their ﬁrss two‘l
a 6.0 league mark.
On Saturday night the Knox
team that Grinnell beat by only
five points in the non-conference
Knox holiday tournament meets
the Pioneers at 7:30 in Derby,
With two big weekend vic—
movies, the Pioneers could
establish themselves as Mid—
west Conference leaders at the
mid-season break.
ing the volleyball champion
ship, which adds 500 points to
their total. Cowles has now accompanied 1170 points in their
drive for their fourth straight
all—season championship. has—
son, last year's Kent trophy
trunnerup, is again in second
place with a total of 1140 points,
followed by East morris. liable
.and Gates. Since Cowles is ex<
To top the red-hot plymouth
scott. the Grinnellians will have
to stop the scott' high-scoring
back—court combination of .her.
ry well and Terry Wilkison. The
combination has hit for an average of almost 45 points a game.
(layers Capture
journey Crown
Continuing to disregard their
unimpressive pre-season ratings,
the scripts Pioneers stopped
Knox College. 71»65. and rolled over previously unbeaten ii.
of Chicago, 72.45, to Win
the four-team Knox holiday‘
tournament (Dec. 29—30). .
Chicago had earlier detected
Colorado College, which lost to
Knox in the corporation contest.
The holiday affair was highlighted by the Pioneers‘ com—
from-behind victory over Knox.
The Scarlets. down twelve points
with twelve minutes remainingithere the ﬁnfl standings show
in the contest. went into a roll.
court press and survey into the
lead with five minutes showing
- on the clock.
Chicago's defeat was its first
of the year. it had previously‘
Led small colleges in defense.
George Gray was the high-point
man against Chicago with 26,‘
while Kent anderson was high!
man against Knox with 17. .
In the tournament final
’Grinnell's 72 points stands as
the highest total ranked up)
against the University of Chi- |
cage in recent years.
The Spot To
Hit is LDJS
I 1.211an
I watson
posted to 'be initially strong
in basketball it appears likely
lthat they will once more go into
'the spring sports with a formidable array of points, but from
MAC MURRAY TROPHY
STANDINGS
Cowles l 170
watson 1140
East 1020
liable 970
Gates 950
Smith 850
North 840
mm 320
Clark 150
South 730
W051: 560
there on down the races will
be as close as ever,
The ﬁnfl volleyball game of
the season last Sunday saw
both manual-l teams win two
out of three against watson.
The four wins strengthened
Langan’s hold on second place
and dropped watson into a
third—place tie with East. From
a IOegame drop to ﬁfireplace
SmithY the only other team to
ﬁwish above .500.
FINAL IM VOLLEYBALL
STANDINGS
51 9
47 13
42 13
42 18
32 28
28 32
25 35
22 33
20 40
18 42
3 5’7
Cowles
East
.533
.467
.417
.367
.333 .
.300
.050
Smith
South
North
liable
Clark
Gates
WCSI:
 
games, the fresh will be look.
ing for their ﬁrss Win. probably
quarters for today’s game will be
Ed spain, 6-4 center, Barry
Anderson, 6-2 forward, and.
Dave Sellergren, 6-0 guardrj
Dick Ullrich and slide Smith
started against joe last week—
end and may start again today.
Larry real. Joe Thompson and!
Tom Buchholtz have provided
top bench strength in the pre».
virus games. - i
in the joe game, Ed spain‘
NOW
ITS
PEPSI
FOR THOSE WHO
THINK YOUNG.
 
was high scores for the Pioneers
with 10 points in the recent 7357 1055. real and Buchhollz
scored six and seven points, re.
relatively, in that game.
FRESHMAN TRACK
All freshmen interested in
going out for the track team
should report to coach Dick
Young at party Gym as soon
as possible, Practice will begin
early next semester.
 
 
 
DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO
WOULD ENJOY
AN ADVENTURE —
IN -- HAWAII?
Clip the letter. sign and III I to Grinnell Travel
Center. 930 Main. We'll mail WIHI folder in "Mom
and Dad."
DEAR MOM AND DAD:
I am asking G n" Travel Center to send
you a folder on their trip to Hawaii. leaving Iowa
on March 3. Mr. and Mrs. Nor . travel agents. and
Mr. and Mrs. part. local editors. are going along.
Sounds like fun. Would you Ii e to go?
With love.
 
 
 
 
Shop in and see our
I Fine select-ion of naked Goods
DANISH MAID
BIS FOURTH
— We Feature salaries Of All Kinds —
AI‘ Finals
Time You
Ge'l' No'I-king
AT
‘ STANFORD'S
shareﬁofficer
 
 
 
 
 
BATES FLOWERS L
1012 Broad Street. Grinnell. Iowa
 
 
 
 
MERE IS A_ *
STARTLING‘
grammar;
DRY CLEANING TOO!
FORMALS AND EVENING WEAR OUR SPECIALTY
"Fastest Professional Service in Town"
IOWA CLEANERS
Serving both North and South Campus Agencies
* Hockey clicks
* sucks
* Shoe Skal‘es
* We Trade
 
 
ENT
vbwi‘iwhsso
Bring in your old SkaI‘es as parlpaymenl' on a new pair.
HURRY WHILE THE
SELECTION IS GOOD
GEORGE & ROLF
HARDWARE
 
 
 
 
 
 
