”97427111611 College
charles GBlack
older’r College Newspaper West of tire Mississippi
erinnell. Iowa. Friday. April l2. I963
 
' Vol. L><>< No. 25
l Toynbee and l/oege/in to clear/r
Rain The Philosophy of History'
“The Philosophy of Histol'y'”friday ill the chapel,
still be the topic at all inter—
change thNCCl-l Dl’ Arnold
J Toynbco and Dr. Eric Vacs
gClil two at the world's must
 
trip, where he was a public ofVocaciiir. rctcrrcd to by some trend, by the Nazi government.
‘as “the German Toynbee," is a he spent his “while" teaching at
proteins~ or political science at‘Harvar-d, wellington, the Uni—
the Unrvci tips or Munich and version of Alabama, and louise-
Elected Speaker of the Senate Wednesday night, Ed
hobbies (left) receives the games flioln last year’s Speaker,
prominent. historical. to be held
.Notre Dame, HC is the author
Terry Parssilrerrt
hobbies Elected Senate Speaker;
sherman Appoin
By Richard orilenie 'el‘ .
s & B state Writer 1
Following the election oi Ed
hobbies as Speaker of the Student Senate for the coming ycal',.
Jack sherman, Student Govclw
mint Association President. pr
wanted a report sherman has
received an invitation from
President women to attend a
meeting of the Faculty Council;
on Student Arra‘ ne Tucsel
day events Members or the‘
council ar processors deals,
cleaner. partner. Graham. Alan‘
Jones. Klausnel‘, Mcridoz back.r
Vr’old. and President women. l
Acting non its own. ‘1‘? ExeCH-‘cumc to Grinneli. who had delta,
live Cabinet has appointed anna communist count _, after bill'tri
Advistoiy Committee on Student
Affair Advisor Coinniittcel
members are hairy Hoffrnarr,l
Mike forward. Larry Smticker,‘
media Ramzy. Ed hobbies, Jack
Spence. John Edgl'en.
.Martin, Joe profile. Peter cohen and Jack sherman,
In answer to the student rcfzi
freedom on the scholar in pop—l
ice resolution. letters have bccnl
received brown president women,
Mr. Ludwig. 'and Mr. Meritt.
chairman oi the Board of Ti'us-l
teen These letters indicate that
the resolution will be considered
at the Julie meeting of the true
Ices. .
The SGA is looking for s'
students to represent Grinnell at;
the Associated College. or the
Midwest conference on “A Ware
less World." The conference will
be held at mac e, his, ne t‘i
weekend. interested in c rss n 5
should contact Jack sherman.
sherman will have oil'ice course
in the SGA cities from it a.lrr,l
to 12 noon Monday through r —‘
clay.
At the suggestion of Dave‘
Evans, the Senate agreed to are-'
are a ﬁve—member Committee to‘
investigate the Student court
system and report no later than
May a. ‘
Miss Donna Jo Brilcy, Aws
board president. gave her ﬁnfl
report to the senate The new
AWS Board will take optics
on send Miss B 'lay reviewed
a number of new ideas that had.
been. put into eﬂ'act (listing he
term and ' made some decor—
conditions, ller recommends
tions included the continue but
of open AWS meetings. coirtirrrr
cal close association between the
ﬁgierendum Sogn i
for McCarran Act
Thc National Student estonia-(
tion committee has announced
it will conduct a reiercndum on
the McCai-ran Act nExl week
The resolution used for tlrcl
Senate will be used but will her
revised to he directed to tire‘
students. 1
Since the Comrnittec ice the
rclcrcndunr is the most important action, a large oil i
hoped for Students are requested to altered the rebates}
which will occur- in most calls‘
and read the materiaL irrclud
ing the Act. which has been
distributed
 
party -
‘april 23 It will honor
is Study Group
AWS. the Women's Primary
your-t and the High Court, Conz‘
animation of the random ystem
of room checks and more pubs
llclty at AWS activities.
CorliP President Peter Cohen ‘
announced that his office hours ‘
will he from
day through
Friday front
130 to 4.30 MoirThursday and on
t to 2 and [ram
30 to 5 in the SGA office. Tllc'
net CofHP nicotine will be
Sunday
harry fourth‘cut, chairman or
the international solaris Committee, revealed that chances at
ﬁusing a student qualified to
partially educated there were
not very great. but that 1er INA
statute or International Educ
tion was still loelu your-bright
mentioned some ideas he had
been tiimTr ig of These included
a soma reactions in each hall. bath
to providing or the soma m
things, and a rcorgani lies of
otir foreign student program
The SGA hanarrct \r‘all be held
relating
can of Women Evelyn Gaidn .
The appointment or Sr an
Taylor to the High Court bias
approved Dianne Dunn has» been
appointed as secretary of the
Executive Cabinet, Cal collect
has hcen appointed as chairman
of the Committcﬂ to ilivcstlga’
the car rolls, Steve troops will
head the Ellcampmcnt Commit
tee.
Eighii’eating
To Give Papers
D
'for Iowa Group
Six Grinncll College pr-orcsso s
and two students will pre nt
papers at the annual meeting oi
the loud Academy of Scierrcc
at korea State University, units,
next r relay and Saturday.
The participants and their paper titles are
having Y. Frshmau (biology),
mustang v reset . s oi a tropical ti'ltgivototls ou ’ '
Ncil D, Kctrt (psyclroiogvl. ‘A
summer science training program
in experimental psychology
c. optional secondary school stud
cents
Guillermo narrow-a (biology).
"Origin and late or the rtii
processes of ce arrr goodcid. ’
kyle E. Put-sell (mathematics)
“The thuiann integral consist
ercd a ti mapping in elementary
apply a hours."
George M. Robertson (biology),
“Sonic problems in vertebrate
phylogeny
\Vllllsll“ ti. Sandniairn (all
its). "A \‘ ocitv dependent force
apparatus for use in the under
driatc earlier-atom
Richard T. dam on, ti senior
Airtilvsr- of wars trioirori in a
continue and loaded sir-in "
M Patrrti Stalri. a junior
The direct or \ alllin A upon
r'association in Planar-to."
.‘ on
lo'l
,rocks. initiated, and pleased at the.l
on the Grinnell College campus of "Order and History," at .
Monday. tvolunie work.
This public discussion, speed} Toynbee. the Heath visiting
‘allen‘l for 4 pm, in the colleges otessol’ of history at Grinnell,
cl: Chapel, will be mode i the author of the 12»volume
atcd by William S. daniel'pools”A Study of History.”
l Voegelin has written he holds
as little hope for the present
1‘regular phase of Western civil.
‘station as does Toynhcc Pic
l.acre s with Toynhcc total Come
inur
‘Clrl‘ an hereby. but attempts
lilo active in greater detail that
title error is that has niadc otir
page a time or profiles.
. This will not be the first inljterchangc between the two in.
ltorrans, On at least two oct
isrons, they have discussed their
 
| - . ’ one
‘ A water izcd American
‘zen since laid. Vocgclin,
‘was born in Cologne, Germany.
received some or his education
.in the United States, but took
his doctor of political affairs
.ldegree front the University or
"violent in 1922.
‘ Alter being posted brown Aus—
i
l
t
Dr. Goctz both
former student of‘
Louisiana State
(speech),
Vocgcli
lUniic _
P 'or this seminar-t pet
meeting, each victorian hills ‘
have (gathered a lecture. VDe-r.
"elin will speak on "The Con-’
1|th atiori or History“ at 8 pm '
thursday and Toyrrbee on “The‘tt‘
lindivisrbilrty and Unpredictabil—
lily of Human Aria , at 11
‘am, Monday Both icctur-cs will
also be in the chapel and open
to the public .
Opening the toll" weekend of. ‘
lecture and discs sign on the
lphilosophy or lists~ will be
‘Dr. Goctz both, an interactions .
.yellow at Harvard, who spoke s... e“ _ . .
"The Concept of jul- Dr. Arnold Toynbec
neural Action in Altrcd never'si
iMdimx minimal: :ﬁ'IUdERl POii
all“ SSlgn
iV‘r/ill Feature _
l'post' Edi+or diiizri
. students Selected for the Pr
1 DonafldnMelislmﬁlzidfengiefs‘:igtarn in Practical Political Educ
(or o is t --
nation science~ Political InternlPost, will be guest speaker at ‘
, , strip Program were announced
lthe annual Theta Sigma Phi
. * this see by C. admin Gilmour
is ma Delta Chi spring dirrnerl . m) FPFE dim“)!
in 'l Monc' at ' 0 11'“ l" ““3 lan All a junior will institute dining room. The sub- \ [h compression real
ti
at
y.
to
men
in
in. for- example. is Jtldaeo-i
philosoplrlci at meetings in jul‘r‘
city— .
n ho l
local
dana State University,
1 Toynbec. who was born in
reunion, studied at manchester
.and at million College, Oxford.‘
Dr. Eric Voegetin
From 1925 until September or
l1955, when he officially retired,
he was director of studies at the
Royal institute of International
‘details and research professor
of international history at the
,University or London.
Begun m 1927, his “A Study,
of History rrorv enterprises
-12 Volumes, The first three were
published in 1934 and the
twclfth in last, all by the Oxford University Press.
both, 3 visiting professor of
political science at Grinnell
during the second semester of
the 1961-62 academic year, will
rctu i next summer to the Uni«
version ol Heidelberg where he
is a lectures in political science.
He began his studies in 20thlcentury history and poll cs
profile a pr order or war in
lEngland during World War it.
 
. ‘following the rear he returned
‘to his native Germany, where
he received his PhD. degree in
‘19 9 from the University of
l‘tel albert.
uniﬁiﬁiﬁm
is for Summer
Johnson, a sophomore. And Jack
.Spcncc, a junior, will intcrn
‘with special assignment to the
lSenatc Banking and Currency
. Committee.
Each student will he Consider~
‘ed a member of the Washington
state oi the compression or sen—
atom and will discharge whatever duties are assigned, The
internship will continue from
diane 10 to August to, with a
ithird month optional on the part
‘or the accident and host. The in.
items will each receive a student
lot $700 from the PPPE.
 
;oiganr tions will be introducing
but tlrtl dinner. About seventh
students. faculty, adrnir strariou.
and pr-ot'e total Journal
lcxpeclott o attend the
. ct of his talk still be “The. . ,
Function of a M Circuimlon‘smith, Democrat representing
Magazine.“ it will be followed‘the Fifth District or iowa. done
lbs informal discussion tgrcssman Fred Schwcneel, see
. The two professional journal prihii n of the First District of
its-m societies will present a\\"al 10an m” play has. ‘0 PM.
.air rccoeiiitioi or rsiinguislred
~service to this campus and to .
'riournalisnr preceding the ad- Awar S even
stress. Recipients ot these award _last year were c, admin bit. Tom Dulrcrtv or ricloit Cole
your, political science, Max‘ log’c and Grumells Geol'gc
Thompson. Grinnell {el'and-Reg-‘i Wallace were. awarded .first
inter. and Joseph F Wall, his and second lmzc respcghvely
ltoi-y These awards are usually: In the short stores_section oi
.1,er “red e i. cam. in but“ tlic center-cure writing contest
‘Ulit trading student and pr-ot‘es-r Sponsored by “re Grlurlell Re;
slouul journal; 5. view. Keri Sclrrii Review care
The sigma Delta Chi gpl‘lngi for allllolnwtd tqdnr.
initiative at 5:00 p m. proceed ‘Dollelziy received the
the dinner. Newly elected at first lime for his short story
“A present For Charlie."
The 525 second prize went to
George Wallace for his short
‘ story. “The Noopcrian Wars."
(The poetry awards were not
, arc i
inner. (
$30 '
. .
for brian
i presented this year. According
[D the reading committee, the
poetry submitted did not meet.
the standards necessary for
the presentation iii a prize,
The poetry section prize
money will be held over and
presented next year,
Contest winners were selection by the Grillnell Review edt-
. boring board and an open road—
aug committee composed of
students.
The winning stories will be
included in the new issue 0f
the Review which ‘Vili be pub-
listed April 30.
l
l
l
 
Page Two
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, Iowil
111112111111” nuslnhca 111111 112112 at 1112. when
1111211 Cummmcc on s 112111 11111111111111)». 11111.
chairman RenlL‘SB ed 1' 1111mm her;
Rising notice. ' '5 1111117
5! 1211111 Street, 5210111!
at 3111121111,
list! 1111c, is
11155 111721111
111. school 1 . .
. 1111111 1112111
1111:; meter
1.111 .1 2111.11.1-
 
Dangerous Proposals
“America can no longer allow the economic specialists
21:1d planners to attempt to ‘guide' l1e1 economy." So l'had‘
' plans in the Midwest Federation of College Young republicans platform "lilo platform, passed last 11eelieiirl at
Lie YR regional condition held in St. Louis. arrested the
ri‘inner of the overly strong central force'client within
211d tale subjective, communist elements without.
’e believe that national subscribe [or classroom con7
s"action,teach1e1 saliiiii's. and sehola tips can only lead
t: Federal nomination and control . TVA should be sold
‘1.) private cuipoi two" . . , “ieili7care should slot be used
3 a com‘ice to o t'ol' li'they intervention into tale economic
affairs of senate corporations." This tom of the federal
overnmeiit, this desire to reverse the charitable is 1111artistic. Big1 business, large labor organizations, world
political usr 't all have contributed to the now present
l'ecessit1' (it 21 I'Qg'alléllll‘“: low'ce. lnr. dual states are too
s all to template international Col'oil) '
Wh c it is necessary L11 real e the impor once of
- it is {rally important to real e that 21
government
these lights.
The section (11' the Young Republican platform on trial
economic state of the country called for tale“ni21i11teiiaiice
ot a strong and \i‘a:le economic, one \1high 11i|l supply the
demands of click used visit-n‘ spending} But then it de7
(based, “those can be little doubt that the 1)
mere tax laws should be completely permitted . . . Rate
‘ 'unions should be brought about by substantial i'eiluc7
i Feclel ‘ spending.”
\\ orld conditions, the Young Republicans. l'ecog7
size, call for “incl'was ed lolita V spending, and without'h‘
these e\penditllres form the de01‘ 1301 tion oi the Federal
iiudgmet the Yl'l 5 call for elections in Federal spending.”
We question the logic behind such statements
All these arguments tools mild and liberal when one
turns to the t'oieign policy section The platform reads,
shall not admit Communist China to the initial
”The U.S.
nations.”
\ondeious United States
This plans assumes the 21ll-po11'el'l'illness oi" the
Filither, the platform notes,
‘The U.S. should determine its position in the United N117,
“ his; specifically whether or not we should remain in
1e organization 01 withdraw’ The e\act meaning of this
1. mill is religious because of the use of the \iii"d ‘110517
11.” But it is clear that the YRS are quite willing to
have the U. S. withdraw from the U. ', and bring an end
to a liable diplomatic channel.
In addition the Young Republicans call tel 21' imme7
route and almost total blog file (11' Cuba. "he possible c0117
sequences 0‘ such all an die not discussed.
The Young Republican platform‘l seems to be 11 docs7
client founded on tear, fear of a central 9; red'moment anti‘
tear of communist enemies. The proposals, however that
.thai has caused uoiild result in conditions immeasurably
(use than 1\|l11t e. ists today. To pulslle the propose1'l_'for7
11 policy planets would cause \i'ar, pursuant the national
30110111)’ sugp strong would result in serious damage to
‘Anlei'ice's economic position.
.I. P. H.
military Drinking No Answer,
Say Two Women Students
To the mile ,
Next Wednesday night, in the at college functions and in the
senate, will be the final c0117 london however state law for-7
. duration oi the change in the bids louis. Allowing drinking ondr'thing rule. The rule, in ei‘ ly in the rooms encourages
:text, gives Grinnell College std wrong kind 0! attitude toward
cents license to drink in their drinking besides creating an un7
rooms. The components ol' the healthy, responsible Situation
1 Ie change feel they are 1'eeog7 whcic drinking is mainly a re1 king 21 situation 111.11 existed ‘least, .1 large,
)lcldlns to reality 1 Drinking alone as 11
11 a reality that packﬁc from p1 pic leads to 6.
drink in our society, 11111 people punkmg WC became c. ,
do not withdraw to drink until drinking is nfl only stupid. but
they have reached the stage of psychologically and eventually
accomplish. On the outside, in physics dangerous we up.
the other world. people do not iicvc the ruIc change embedded
sit bcicrc 21 bottle in their room 2, wrong 12,1121 01 uppmaph lo
and decide whether or not they drinking. We believe llc ideal
are going to think. They are approach i: drinlui 2 allowed
111 e likely faced with this dc- anywhere on camps
vision 211 21 rally. Gl'inncll 1:017 B111 we have a “re law 11
122% has :1 responsibility to its is [hell 1111 2111 or nothing situaSludculs to let them begin 10 lion, and since are coming 11211-2
make the find of decisions in all (Il'lhhmg another'e on cnni7
college that they 11-111 ham [0 put. we 1111131 accept nothing,
make when “my 11's om of_(‘t)ln]llele enforcement nl 1111-
‘ pi'csciil rule
college.
This
release
issue
Martha belize
responsibility would be ,Iliiit‘ start
nice <21.in created to template 111111 protect
event Federal ‘
l McCarran Enforcement H 't
realized if students could drink‘
a .
a military thing ‘
ski1cl
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 12, 1963
David big‘nibourne
Forum For ﬁexcept
at another one at those will'cctioiiaio certificates ii in 1110 “0mm 01' The Dean or iiicu 111
lay 111.11 box the click 11211, and 11113 lime 11111
‘topics h- added oil umpus lesldenecs Tiles o:
,gnu e, -c places to star 101- the c ice milton
tests 1 10 \1‘ant bathtubs, friend 1111211211 and
trigger1losses nu: hccauc their Cause older
colilivsecl and 11121rtlclll21m 1111c Dean can 12. 21
com. c applicant: one at a time ~ .11 need .
one arm cl spur-c is 1hc defense of .111 obvious
case, it's time for some more automatic criticism
1 1' st of .111 let mc say 111111, being csscnually
,young, strong. 11-c117adpislcd, bi' ht, 11111111111112,
these pages 11liolesenie 21ml ind rent. not to
condition VVhitmanesquc i n,n quite biblical wuh
my pr sent rc<idcncc in incl, 1 l.1nl1lv 11nd ll.
did'ricky 10 under and 11111 so many people src
all\lou< lo get and) r‘join hcic 7 ci-eh list .1
to“ blocks 2111/ 1' It 1111151 l1a1r soliiethinu to do
with the 1111.11
As [or as I 1:111 tell, though. the main attach
a" st of! ("1111mm life centers Around its 115:4
111 oi the 112111 system. 1\'uw, udnuucdiv.
'VOHC L'ml'lc to Gr'nice bemusr 1112-, "e'
1 in 1111 the id c 11111 ~ and inc
1111.11 they \v , 1111 about. 1T1.1 why 1: -
1‘cm'o1‘arm 111111111 Nor 111
11111. the lists generous (zl'oupiilf’
1111121111. 1 [lie 111111 2111111 11.1211ment to the Mill »
learn 11> join-11121,
1112 «.1111. u would a
ll campus ew‘r
1 rcpulc
virtue,
whole are some. ‘
.sure< of consortium ll\ m1 is \opposed to be
our citizen of 110117cmltiiilnit1‘ These student:
either crcnumllv success to 11121111011 01' 111.1117
age a shotgun reading with 11 which impact'. 21
(‘t‘ll‘did constant ll‘li‘lion
_But given tl1e chance to color chip cl here
,wnh their 011/11 traditions, 1-ci1-2un 11mm loslilts
\\ lib sr‘list' 111'
can be seen There's one den oi all7ca111put
unquuy 111211 had 2111 average grade point oi about
3.5 1211- ii: eleven members last semester, in the
mcunlunc another s'smilies rcsidcmc managed 11.
start Fmreshlek County's only bluegrass band.
In 51111 21 11111-11 house, they're cieu learning how
to speak German All cl these url examples of
t1'21dollars which would be diilluilt to engineer
c :believe, even though the college is going
1111-1111211 21 transition in their director,
Nlnv, ii you can believe people in this place,
another concern 11110111 chi-campus housing in
Valves the potential for ‘ exllal misconduct,"
Yet I personally don't see the problem. "Sexual
iiiisr,oil(gui:t” comes cilhcr l'rom psychological
(Iprmigemeiit causing informal heavily. or
sl 1pay ircm transformation and the lack oi
pioDBr c111 'asian. And while the former remains n 1 oliver throughout society, the latter
can readily danish with 21 ice slim-l lectures
-in Robert: thunder.
Anyway, the admissions department is sun7
based to screen people with 112 personality tests
and Grmncll students are supposed to come 110m
(111 1211111111: educational background): so, i suspect
that [he \t'lions‘ thing is list another abortion
excuse.
inc album
chi- ‘ssue
h devel'1cs mention on
1'; we iOr 60111111." to
— .1 i121 uiculenl‘nily.
1rd Smut 1 1‘ ton of our
ampus 1'00:
upper 11 th seller facts-
- mg more 1111111
-. )taking less than
1101111
11111 «071
ci
' ,1110 lot,"- in objective
'11 mass exodus.
Clcarl . there shouldn‘t hc such considerable
rillllcllltv involved in getting all Campus. Either
11's ohwciu 111111 he rooms are bigger, the quiet
hours quarter. and the n u- hours neither-.mae. she Id 1111 1 u from Goethe 1111011 eYamililng
college poll remembering 111211 "Tie highest
to which man may empire IS wonder.
 
Dan Friedlanoler
1 During the National student association conventional campaign questions have hccn raised
,concerning the implementation of u McCai'ran
Acl. By 1960 1119 subjective Actlv s control
‘Board (52112131, 1 semi- judicial body created by
,the Act 11.111 processed 24 completed or 1cpu c
cases
However, the government at that lime admitted 111211 "Due 10 the provisions oi llc france and
oi the obligations in the Attorney Gcnei'al's p04
options, llc (SACB'S) orders in these Coninili 1517
l'font cases necessarily depend upon the slot
motion that the Communist fur-111, US
Communist action 0 iiimllon,‘ and thus 1110
lcuuon was delayed pending the Communist early
decision
1 in 19111 the supreme would uphcld the i‘ge
‘tratloii provisions (not the Constitutionality of
,1he Acul, and air’denied the Boards Communist
Party registration order.
Sinrc 15161 the Adam Gruerul has inn'read7
111 enforcement oi the 121w. presently there are
15 alleged members and 111-1; officers under
orders lo register. They face 1hc 1111117. 11 line
01' 5111,0011 and live , r: in jail iii- eve _
or 1101171'egistrat. 11. in 1111111111111, ali'oscciit on of
“ii-11111" groups 111s been returned.
On Jan. 10. 1963. the Attorney Gcncrnl insti—
but ~11 inc first direct action against .1 student
pro , He petitioned the SAGE to real or AD7
.VANCE. 21 student group as a "communist-fi'one"
‘organization as defined by 1hr- McCari'an Act.
The Attorney General 5 petition still' (a) Advance
111.15 opposed the United clubs Japanese security
Fm 1111 ' Demanding an cut to all nuclear
11using by the Umicd State to) followed the
,Ccmmumsi rally in photo inc United smith
lblockatle oi Cuba in Ocl. (d) “ , hills
ll'csuccl .111 me eiiiorcemant oi llc MzCni'ran Act
‘and smith Act." 1e.) opposed 1112» Umvci 111 11-11117
,tax‘y Tl‘final'l}: and Selccnrc service s|ntut s c0117sides'cd by 1hc Phi-iv inimicui 1p its interests
MoCarnan Act
the 111111111: 1 ing the press
We have chscrrcd with 21 to
1.1m degree 01 incrcdulhy, many
lstlldcnts advocate iiic recently7
c 1011 211' mu McCarl‘ali Act,
rather alléln repeat Oi’ ‘takes que‘
One (1111 cnn hold such 11 post7‘
.non, ue incl. i. one can ali11117
,ndlc the alleged houses ot 111c
Act and 'tell 11211-1» 1111 cliccurc
l2111' 1cm 11. ii cut unnhlc 111 i | term 11111
‘chminulc these 1111115 wc sci) rich 1111 Smith
110 alto11111ti1e but 1p \ste to re- 3.lThe title
real the ML'indian Ant
,wells.
We incl the McCarrnn fri 1mg 1
illiderniili 1.1 The, 151 A- 111112 .c
1 inciuinicul guarantee oi
speech. pro. 1d seinbly 11.1
1111111111111; 111 nunuiuus. 12111117 l
able 2.1
merit
in1 imin ioii
organization
sabotage, 1r
etc in
punishment b1
“built by austria Ion illld our1hc 5111 11111111117
guarantee against sci:
1 australian .15 1 member or 2111
using
rhei_ ,
111111 inn,
5 [meet themsclv
‘ 11nd
nevi, lncnts guarantee oi u
‘und due process of law by deny—jury trial.
mimicn.
ircc ‘Aiiieiidnicnt's guarantee or pr,clcclicu against creek and unusual
accounting the withdrawal or American
Armed Forces i1 n1 Berlin and u giug , . . nego 2112 on Be1inn This is 1 clay ic case 111 built
by parallelism and, although Advance describes
. 11 1s a societies oricniaicd Student group, cpu7
statutes the extremely dangerous president of
outlook'y because oi belief.
Obviously, Advance has failed inc McCar—
ran act's (let1 ion test since it allocated positions not sufficiently diiicrinc from those 0f
the Communist 1m .in 1hc government's
view, However, the 11. 5. government itself
l’arui's 11 test 1m. and numerous groups impose
the McCarran Act (including the Gi'imlcll
Scnuici. as well as the other issues apparently
considered traitoroiis.
(l)“,..
As in icrmcr publications the government
claimed no illegal actions by are m‘our cited.
Other ncuvc cases include a veterans 0 1.12111121—
tloii which [ought calcium in Spain, .1 . on): to
protect inc foreign born 11-11111 illegal destination.
and one concerned with implonng U.S-So1'get
relations 01 finally endorsed by Frank in D
Roosevelt 111-, special compression Like Admnce
these organizations 21d1'i1date ideas milan dlStasteful 1p many Americans. The nucsiicn is
Whether 111c advocacy cl legal ideas. however
unpopular, shall hc outlined.
5112212211 groups have come [(1 inc defense of
Advance. A joint 31111111an by Campus Amelicalls for Democratic Action and Students for 1
Democratic- Sociciv said: “Despite our constant
opposition on political grounds (to Advance). wc
incl 111.11 defense of their right 10 hold whatever
political ideals they choose is 1hc duty oi 91'6132
democrat "
Now is the time‘ to bring the (ol'L‘DS of public
Mon and support behind the groups being
brocctlted under the McCari‘ali Act. Now 1 the
time to Work for [he repeat of the McCarran
ct
Students Voice directions
ally of $10 0110 11121 the ye m
1.111 ice c1cry day 01 non legs.
station.
These
and lcgulizingl
and other Violations m
the sci. we feel. will lead .in the
’cut"1client oi our c luulicn—
espionage, 111 ii rooms, hence wc favor 1hc
terrorism, 1cpu21l 111' the her‘kai'ran Act,
restaurants We hope 2111 students 11-111 read
11, 1 20 yedi ilic actual p101 sons at 1112» Act
11m line 11117 launch -,1c 21112 12.11.1111; about and
211-1. loim their opinions integer may.
Peter Cohoii
calls-c Ouperiimii
Larry iioiinnn
Stephen H. iiuwcli
iidwuni hobbies
Jack sherman
Terry Parssiuen
Nike llorwalt
by demanding
14111
l‘au-
11111-11117:
trial,
and
«l )
111111 of
The 31112
choosing :1 11c11-‘
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Page Three
his l the
‘ monthly FM would serve to full the clillurhl
Illl intellectual CllVi lillnunt 0r” (irriiluell in till:
JAme nuiilllcx us (lo those.
Friday, April l2, I963
‘ @Gﬁﬁﬂ:
EV write I’m-[er
Stiltiun Manager KGRW
. In the ii i article oi this series 1 out north
the idea that l i at Giirruell must be russia‘red
on the basis or its contribution to college lilo,
intellectual. cultural acid so ill. Further-error-e. this
contribution must be assessed on a relative basis,
whether FM j - l'r , rss cost us well as do other
projects new in volume or contemporary,
it is remembered that,
many lcetrrr rciuns i't be presented,
to a Grinncll our live" whereas they r
available an l’CCnit: and tune, it lmLomCS ClCle’l
that water rirdro we bare a medium capable all
dome r rat grow cannon be done lit-re at any to ‘t.
in addition. rcbroudeasts or “live" e cats at more
connecticut \lmCs increases the value ol tb.
events (As an example oi this I; L point, inc
only way i rr-rs able to hear Justice Doriglasl
- bond lc sure “as me' WSUI and then only 112-,
cause i r as in the iowa city area)
Furlherlllm’c when
use run in the last
' lc single FM scllcd
ll 1‘ I ' erul in light of the
charles and Black is cm
live thousand dollars in law cost oi i FM
st-union and the two thousand doll initial cost
- lnuhl operating budget, it would be hard to
y FM would not j study its cost. Let's look
lost at programming.
Littully and administration at Ehrl—
lram, Amherst. cirrlctorr, plymouth, Oberlin,
Swarthmor-c, Antioch. Cornell College to
name only a ice # obviously beer campus radio ,
is worth its keep. Both the examination 01‘ p057
since FM programming we’ve made here and the
communicate notion that Giinlmll's situation
is not car different than the colleges just noted, ,
lead to the conclusion FM would be a highly
valuable iulditilm to Gl’illllcll.
The whole argument for FM made on the
basis oi the educational value oi its program
thing; is prohibited on the assumption oi over .
iron would achieve its potential wins means that,
ii Grinnell FM is to actually render the ,very'inc‘
it is capable oi rendering, the station must be
local run. and cticctry and efficiently utilize
student talent These are obviously considerations
oi starting, administration and management And
any examination of existing college radio still
Lions shows that these are the key considerations,
1 \ ll take up the problems oi starting and man-
account next week.
Students.
An FM station could draw upon the resources
of several ol'gzlnltatiuns producing Excellent tapes
programs. Some of these: the British Broadcast—
ing Corporation, the National Association of Ed—
emotional Broadcastc the Center of the Study
of Democratic install us, and the National Stu-
sent Association.
When one adds to these programs such tear
turns as good music. lectures and discussions
fascinating at Grinncll. program exchanges with
other schools, broadcasts of Grinnell spot clients,
and campus and world news, one has a rich and
varied bill of more. Yet there are still further
risks oi FM. For instant , FM would provide an
installations method ot all campus classification without the necessity or gathering everyone
under one root.
in short, the offerings oi a College FM sea—
tion would be “educated ii" in the same way
the concert series, lectures. notice hours with
guctrl speakers, art exhibits and so on are edt—
FUShACﬁOnbY Toyﬁbee Sees rating 0f Waco Feeling”
\'\Fitlngll\lllhﬂﬂ beings of different pl that ‘they are doing this hy'let of more 0 less ultimate
r
perhaps this, the Easier smallﬂcash professor, tuesday night‘ical races are intermingled soopeacctul and lawful for-ms oi ac. economic disc donation in lie
so“, is a WWW“: moment (°,expressed a belief that “social‘gl'typically, the victorian made iron This is probably due to thclNorth when you have source ll'e
' Three lucnlbcls of the \Vhitcciuls rehe‘dr e in prep m-
‘tion for their \later ballet to be presented lit the Col]
P001 at 7:30 and 9:00 thin. Friday ilnd Saturday nights.
il‘ltlidii Magazine published Aillilé
(Io-gathered by James D. message
An article co-gathered by a member of the faculty oi We
James D missing (English) it s Washington knives ty is: Lo.
published in the March issue ot' is) School or Medicine.
“Ninelcellih-Ccntu Fiction," Earlier. message. who is
The article, “Sherlock llolrncs learn from the college this
and the visual oi Re on," was‘master. had air t tide on *
w lies in collaboration with forward pathology published
K.sand’5 brother. John, who rs‘the "Victorian studios' hours l
c
T“ ”‘9 “in": r Arnold J Toynbee,
, . r , . . .
review what we consider to belintegratlon will be perrcciully these specsﬁc comments oboutrsprcad oi higher education delivering sc al discrimination
the most ,rear issue fumgtachieyed“ and that ”social inter
youth today _ the mohrem of station will be carried to its
oem-img may In our. SOCyctyhratural conclusion rnlermar»
this problem animals every std—‘I‘page evermvllcre m the
sent regardless of political be- end."
links. it directive action on this Addressing a Gririncll College
issue is possible, we feel that audience on “The Problem oi
people would have a desire to Race Feeling," he added. “After
the United States, ,amurlg them. They are prozac—
"It appears to me that wrestling law-gcc numbers oi men and:
,the white does not feel anylwomen who are quiltﬁed to
physical activated to the metro, tel‘ve as leaders.”
‘hc docs want to keep the metro: Toynbcc also expressed a can-
‘in a position oi social inferiorlt ~ learn that the metro mmolilv oi
llc the metro proceeds in below—lthe population ot the United
ing the writes social and cultuluIStates might get into an eco—
al equal, i believe the so-callcdlnomic blind allen brown which it
in the Old would.
"So perhaps this country 's
not yet out of the wood. though
1 do expect you will succeed ,r
solved the race problem in tl s
end.”
The victorian also painted at
that there exists an ”undoﬁ'en
entrance child—culture. comic
to human children or all iacc
act Hence, the question is, can all, all the SOvCallcd did‘parent
et'l'active action be taken. physical races are intervention "l‘aceslecllng' will disappear might be dlﬂlcull la get out.
While no one group can ha We are really a single race brown “In this country the Negrocsl "The ririei center-s oi Ncgro‘so that all cells i'_en rccosn
AS the sole “Drawn.“ ophwtlic biological point or rich We‘arc a nail minority which islpopulatron ~e coming to be theleacll olllsl' as being lncmbe
hm onthe per'ce issue, we [celihavc labeled this race thomojscattering more and more widely sluts oi Washington. D,C., and-0l one human family.
that me crime“ smdempeaccsaprens.‘ Wc are ccrtarnh throughout the country, vhs is the great Northern cities," hcl “All children are born to
. ., -_“|'logo,’ brrt we shall not hard,cn1angry_u the area of the pr said, "There is a danger that irrg this truth until th_i' .
Group can serve as an restore , _ , , v l
, . hr, , . carried our scsi—concerned titlcllem, but it is making the [nor the Regions may sit up there educated out or it." he said,
i cut for lllcalil,l,,llll and eiiec . . ,. , l. .
rm hub,“ By emprmmmg the ‘happens' small we have learned let everywhere less difficult to and may be counted there to is think that the adults rc-educ
-m . . A no ltd became like the single human solve. the low ' tllilaCthc and least re- themselves to know what evci'
r variance oi attsrhi e peace , . . _. ,1 ,
- 1- o - - a r .- h .liamil witch rs what we are in "The metro citizens oi tires tuner‘style jobs. This would child knows by nature—that ’
world ecognrzrng and chris t , y _ p t
- u r , r rtruth“ country are becoming more ab 5 ip them as normally inlexlmnhuman brings, by tire of
mg the osstaelcs to this got, , _ _ , r . ,
,. p . , 1h 1 , Su c ng the situation today‘ 'the in asset-king their human “I therefore dance that you bcln" human, arc row'on- n,
th. each Group cc )e a ye , _ _ s
hide [0,. mahhg continuing in_final‘lose parts oi rfc world whcrerrights. and it is escorts-aging.may have to cope with a pl’obsilmrs of a single family."
for? Silage Up or Ship ﬁll?
students.
Since we are not isolated ins
di ‘deals but members of society, such discussion and edt—
nation should lead to the circulation oi intelligent opinions
and “m" Implcmenla‘m“ “l “‘9 also a number oi requests for list jobs should go to the best
its -c two-month tour at Eu- girls to \l 11: asp ratcrrraids 'qltaliilcd students who apply
rope. Frank x Gordon, , Di., with angle I-operating Eur - julie largest as most all of the
sector oi the inter-rational Sittrl plan . its functioning in lions listed by the ISTC
sent Tr i'el Center. told star' St. "i-opcz, Juan los Pins 1 lhdvc to be filled by May 15 to
maybe that he had completed Arrtihcs on the French Rn . sheet the planning headlines set
‘final details on hundreds oi or )y European employers
for AprilsMay
democratic process.
looks for the lSTc pilot-zrcl . . ,
l “ “ The best paying Jobs th Gordon also added that the
The
,program in Europe tips sum . , .
met The Wk a, me ,lbs are summer, Gordon pointed ollt,rISTC is now- placing students
' will be in restaurants and law. on a yedlsl'fund basis and has Force by Emmet Juhn Hilglte~,.
currently editorial advisor (3
those we outlined in our le- , . , _
chem and mm, fault hotel, topics Boys and girls who wait already obtained jobs for to
“mud I“ mm ”‘3" the Washington Post and X
\neck.
l'iistzluranL/jason and constant on table: can respect to url‘nlslzlilcnts
nylon walk.” he sold, "but in admin we and tips close to sztltllthc summer months (i months
,dlllonr I am pleased to report a month Factory pay in several‘to a year) confirmation may be
jécp’files to“, :“T‘lhlil’ “1‘ {“12‘; countries will also run to aboutlobtained by writing to ISTC,
’ ° "’°“‘ ‘ me" $200 a month. Mr. Gordon emsl39 Cortlandt Street, New York
N. Y.
lr.
:Eisenl'tower history
‘selected by PPPE
A
and
years, r. often by a torrrrcr ai
receiving political incinoi
‘ Upon ms cum him 8,, ex. anal. is or inc Ersenhc. ti
‘speech writer. and advisor l:
lrrcsiclcirt Eisenhower, 1 beer
would,
,selected by the Floor n .r
Education
Fi’optical Political
its Political Book (-ihoMonl'l
Dan Frielllander
Robert Melcnll
Mchridtl Ital
role Announced
for Next Week
A special program to assist
foreign students to ﬁnd sunrise Gordon said he h - ’ ‘
.: ad leqllesls )hastzcd that the special lnlClrrlr
employment has been launched from prominent European laura1 l
by the institute oi Intel’nationultillcs for male students to acts ,
Erlugallml. Albert G. Sims; EX’laS chauileurs in France and1 o o
eculll‘e l'llc president 01 NE, al‘rlcl’ow on yachts in Dcnruarlhlg {0” w f H r V
i-council. The Institute has Cslabr'rswedcn all Norway Oncluckyl l1 es or IS 0 y 9 um "
listed a Cooperative Service on, lrauiierrr,” hc noted, worlds
[samples Employment and true-drive a Ferrari in Paris There Samuel H. aaron’thrstory) is m 1950 alter a 367
dies“ 31;")??? In" iii-he’s" Swan-are also a since of searching one or 20 authorities on Russian year teach g cursor- at the Unis
a “m“‘ma ”9 ““‘Lrovwm-‘P “I long“ forum“ ““studies who more .joined to‘hour ycrsitv (living which he estate
lislrcd Columbia‘s noted Russian
institute.
The book. comm E, A.“ in‘illustrated by this ml-isle-sec
Russian and barrel History, will “”9”“
be published by the Culltmbizl‘ C not cl this volume,
to encourage, it -t and Coordi-jtllc [all and winter for stewards,
"ﬁle the C’world of comtllunilyltlcek and engine room hands air‘m' ”i [‘“m” (“Helm and “my
ly,
University Press. ltwo-week circulation privilege—n
Tire contributors l'llrlulsrrzlre a disable at pulling fibre .
organizationstoiind summer jobs foreign lrcrghtcrs and pirsscnccritor at Columbia Univ
r
graduate and postdoctoral star-land in the marcus Room or Ca .
for more students, strips.
sent oi professor Robinson. lncgic Hall.
buck is "The Ordeal LI
In initially reliable pro ,
Hughes draws a norm and De?
local, but concerning and often
sql'itlcal, portrait oi Eisenhower
the man and as President. vii
portraits are also get ~ oi oth
men in the Eisenhower ~ia iclrr
Foster pulled, Richard Nixcll,
Sherman Adams. Joseph McCalthy. and George idrrrnplrrc . T
crisis oi the Eisenhower act-m e
duration. including Liille R’oct.,
Succ, and the U-2 affair.
 
sun retired
a
The scliul‘drsJim'c contributed
essays On lillssllln history lol‘ 2|
volume dedicated to Geroid T.
Robinson. Sclh Low Proic-for
americas oi History at Ctllllniv
big A leading student on the
lSorret Union, professor Robin-
Thc Department or State's Bu-‘
For girls. he said, probably
llc
scary or Educational and Cultural
at All‘aids has made a grant oil the most glamorous work will
julie‘sﬂoo t'o Ilwlv‘d'c' allmloyminll be some modeling jobs iii r. ,
. p-ocrca lalnln/ 0 or u—, -. . . . -
titles for for-crgn silirlenil: tlnsl ‘5 “"1 .“n'm‘s (“0.5 1271‘.”
summer. Funds will be discussed “”1 “km-4' ”“9 °‘ “Wire“ ”‘
through the Cooperative Sci-vice “culllly lumillcs— There are
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April I2. I963
 
golden lectures Will Speak
on Mississippi situation
The golden lectures for 1963,
Dr. Donovan E. tracker, will
present the topic, “Mississippi
Through the Eyes of Tlllich” on
April 2'! lit 8 J),m. iii service
chapeL
theologian Paul million‘s tools
ol‘ analysis.
The animal golden lectures
ship is made possible by a get»
group gift at the John s, golden
family of Gi’install, The decent—
ed Mr. golden served as press—
sent oi the college front 10311940 The trials have been on.
trusted to make the
selection
Dr. Smuckcl',
professor of religion at Lake‘
Forest College ,will investigate
the Mtssi tppl situation using
Chaplaln and
what, whentt Where
730 p.m. and 9:00 p.m, Annual White Caps Show, College
soul. Advance reservations required.
Tomorrow
7:30 pm and 0:00 pm, White Caps Show. College Pool. (reset-national
0-00 pm, to ti pm.. Bridge and Table Games, (Stag only)
Main Lounge.
10:00 p.m Esperanto 1, Student Union.
Sunday ’
11'30 am. Easter Sunday Service. Dr, Winston L, King, Dean
of the Chapel. “They were Afraid," service Chapel.
2.00 to 5:00 pm, North Campus Open Rooms.
2:30 to 4:30 p.m,, Coed Swimming, College Pool.
7:00 p.‘m, Experimental Film, A.R,H, Auditorium
0-00 pm. Lecture. Dr, Eric Voegelin, “The Configuration or
History,“ He ice Chapel.
BASEBALL EOIIIPHHI .
Gloves — Soft rules — tasks
Full line of Balls. cats. Gloves
GEORGE . & ROLF ,
, » HARDWARE
. "WE RENT MOST EVERYTHING"
"19 Broad Street crime". lo
 
 
 
 
ONLY $1 For Any
Kingston Trio Album
 
title one at the regular price
 
 
isentcd, including sales, duos and
god countries must be trained to site's central
‘know more of
meat
i Silcock
‘millions Club and
yearly '
end. The pictures inellillers
Ethiiisi, and lucky Rtitcli
Members of Oi'clients research ill'prepare'zuioil for their performances next weekllre (left to right) Mill-1y Burke, robin cartridge, Judy
 
Orchesis to Presen
Roberts aquatic is the sccnclcontrasted with both an isolated
for the annual "Ol‘thesis Ililmoveinent dance and a tension
Concert" dance program to bc,and rope presentation
presented next Friday and Sat-‘ Tickets for the concert can be
today beginning at i pin. The oi-»,obtained in the Fine Arts builds
t Concert
ing next Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday. Tile Dilliyramb
still feature a post-concert party
in counsel' lounge following
Friday night‘s performance.
 
,thesis group has 22 members‘
‘find is the modern dance clubs
,on campus Their annual pl‘oil
gray is being managed this
year by leg Mai-tin, president
,) , . , b .7
Tm'ue“ “um“: “‘11 c pm Gi'iimcll College has Joined a
large group danccs, Lmja Dem cooperative undergraduate pro.
ass and Miss Martin will he {ear m [0“ critical languages assured in dance sales. while Ann ‘ﬂblhhed by Princeton silver
‘Fettcl' \\'all sing a folk song and,5‘ly»
‘according herself on the guitar-‘ Under this new- program. he
in another number. "A Study oi named by a threwcal‘ grant
i . _ .
New York"collectible givenabale ”m“ ”m came“ CM?" 5‘”
l ‘(cents from Grinnell and 31
iletm the nonsense group dance other colleges and universities
Another group presentation [53- will be able to attend princeton‘es color and movement, to be ton Im' instruction inn Arabic,
‘Leave Oxford in
,east Asia.”
Silcock
of the university iii
"The People of underdeveloo development robin the univerpurposc: medications environ- tion to learning and the values
. they must not receive'of truth and knowledge, While
as an education a mere iniila-Jnainlalning the goal of education of learning' argued T H tion, the university in the Line
in Hei lcd Chapel on dcrdeveloped country must real—
Monday at 11:00 am. in that underdevelopment limSpeaking at a lecture upon- its the economic resources so
bored by the international REA that the university can not air
the report for the identical program of a
merit oi Economics, T. H. oil- Western university, He added
Cock, Fi-otessor or Economics at‘float undordevelopmcnt implied
the University of London, dis- national problems that require
closed “Universities in the Des a ditici-cut curriculum.
equipment of Undeldeveloped SilCoCl: stated that the cdus
Countries: reflections on South. cam,” in each nation must be.
’ﬁm ——: win at the level that court—
By Edward seeker!
SKLB Staff Writer .
economic
 
 
1.0:: i) new onion iii its new upsﬂin location—run (min the Stuart.
_students. Silcock st d,
gpl‘olcssors, feeling isolation train
their university and a duty to
their academic tradition, often
try to make the foreign university more Oxford than Oxford
,or course such things are non
GLASSES
Mode and impaired in
our Laboratory.
 
distinguished the role
‘sounds to the background of the-
“Visiting;
cwmwunhmumhwmm
Chinese, Japanese, Pei-sign, RuSA
sign, and Turkish languages. and
related regional studies In the
social sciences and humanities.
During the ﬁrss year or the
lprog zum’s operation, 1003.04,
lol'lol’fly will be given to apply
wants from the Colleges which
took part in the planning l‘nQClr
rings, including Crinnell and the
mine other members oi the appreciated Colleges of the Midwest,
England'
‘sense"
Silcoc recognized the need
and desire for a national language in the underdeveloped
:country trying to dec-elop a national consciousness, He added
that the national languages, be-
‘ing languages without a techno—
call literature. Create a further
problem for instruction in Western technology.
i Silcock explained that povci'e
ty, demographic conditions, and
gliteracy rates inipai-e the edt—
'national processes in underde—
related nations. in referring to
the age distribution 0L the Ma-
,japan population, Silcock said
that one—half the population is
under twenty
, He added that the literacy
rate of the upper age brackets
condition much lower than the
literacy rate that the educators
sought for the younger group
‘Thus the literacy- rate and the
large bought‘ui population create
a scarcity of teachers and a
large demand low- education.
 
Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIO NS
EYES
GOOD
 
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist
' STEAK
"The
Across from Post Office
 
 
FOOD
WAYNE'S
HOUSE
sex"
Por‘l‘y Room Downstairs
 
 
 
Friday. April IZ, I953 SCARLET AND BLACK
, Page Five
 
crime/lions Scrutinize Iowa 'Weatllervane' County
in slim margin. Finally, Jalopcl'lu'c'le looking for The various
By Karen robinson
the‘dtic‘springs must
 
s a; B Feature Editor {County is near enough to
. . ieollegc that it ran he obsorvodtqueslrons tin which they need
5"“ “‘0 59mg ”f ‘9“ J" Icloscly \vtlhuul trotrhlc.‘ ltlulzl in line. unto the ovetrall
per usually, Iowa. has been on»
. Smith, will) has nurkctl on otptohtcin The lot-mat or previous
for llc close scrutiny ot niger
, similar interdisciplinary prophet‘questionnaires used by less‘dl’ch»
be“ of “1c crime“ Omega .O'lbel’url coming to Gllnnell, organic” on similar studies must he
miles psycholog ‘- “WOW” jdcrolonina the program over two‘considered so that are urls hate
hMo .v and lwlmcnl 56mm “0- years art} in 'conjunction \l‘llc‘a hours ot comparison \\ltd otherParlnwnlsr Newspapers 1‘ A‘ "eitllllvr represented tactiltv lllt‘ltd-‘Plojccb On the whole it is a
be?" come“! 5911001 WM“ "‘“Cl’there, financial support has been smith, painful price, ,' said
inns have been (McNeil; «[Hd'lgit-cn hv the Ford I’tltllldallull.‘Smilll.
questionndiles have been discs- llhe National Sttcnec Fotlntldlion.‘ the wound questionnaire tn
used to hundreds ot county rest. 6mm“ CUMQ “so” 1......
 
 
 
‘aud residents- three to tour
sent» _ t For the last two summary the hours to mlswm. The questions
”7° WW“ 0‘ ”‘C “We" protect has clllliloyetl students were dnersc. lllcluzlill‘: requests
County, project rs two-told. ’l‘demand gather dat . to know
 
faculty to family hacltcround ol'
 
ﬁrss purpose ts to give 4 l0_Qttcsttonnatt-es have been t’order the india-ideal, pl’m'loss places
ten students an opportuntw l0 atcd, distributed and collected or random-o, “help the poison
“‘Ol’k Closely and informﬂll land some shall is has been elm. he... he the]: 0.. public
 
n-rlh t'nculty members on a r-ertdo...‘ 0.. the...
search problem tn their palllCLI» “In Wm...“ E.
car drsclpttue and to teach these!we m. ham .0
students the techniques ot doing
issue, and questions designed to
questionnaire tell treat land or person he is
decide a hat Those questtormartes tvcrc‘top.
turkish that
  
'lou-ed up by long interviews
”One major problem in any ot
pro' t of this sort is that the
researchers will every lrtlluonce on the community. If
data 3 shared by the project
or their es l'orrnctl- frtlm the
(hill \\ re revealed hcrorc the til the project is completed sr
lunch sign or the project, it the would alter the Commutlll),
might rntltrence the minimum til we made UL ons not-"
or not y tend thus throw (HT } TIIE STUDEN on the p ..
the ﬁthings- or the pi J1. t," ‘cal are usually authors, inn
l noted Smith. lquailﬁold sophomores- and sense
this analysis.
"As a secondary product I'll
lthe project. we \VlII he ahlt- ll»
help the county solve the p on
loans e. meets bv our study. actually th will have to wait Itllr
 
 
 
tl\‘0
 
        
 
 
      
 
l He continued The ultimate are mental Thny are enemy
consult ot the protect WlII he a aged to concentrate on an t
lturther t into the marina. ot' the problem connected t
tion or pt y Some mlztllels their particular discipline. to do
has been begun, and this summer backgmund “my. 0.. now Ms,
 
there will he an emphasis- on . , \ _,
ﬁusing a suitable wheel'v which‘p‘m]eds him!“ am” ET?“ '1
\tell explain the data “C have ““‘V: a“ “0 ° ““ fe "
gathered. Articles by student Accnn-nm 01 other fiscal
    
.and faculty about curious asked, it necessary
 
. , l
research in a pl'occasional main,
nor The second ts to obtain-
 
[or study for several reasons,"
remained Paul Smith
L). who is in Charge or the
(llollt ‘.
Richard G. Fort [Gel'm‘del has bids excellence in Scholarship
 
project. “Certainly no county green awarded a Kent yellow- with a religious commitment
can be ‘Lypiml,’ but master ‘shop for the 1963764 academiewhrclt {hey holdrelevant to thencontains many elements and year Dantorth Foundation ulTi-‘allowed profession.
lcrals have announced. sort who u- \- horn in sticker council 1 Tim {allowing provides [0,»;hOIm, sin-eden has attended car
“It has urbtln and rural some up .0 “was m or g[actuatetmlhne rules Language Institute
activities, manufacturing. all‘lctllr aud». mm (1;. annual “managing‘s College at Carnhridge.
sure and commerce, and legally» plus‘nm.“ and fees, This g. .. u-here he received dn M.A in
interests representative oi otlh
 
 
zmlons representing a variety otlwm enable pm. .0 com...” modern languages, Cheshunt
intervention other words. hatiwmk 0.. his PhD. degree He theology College at Cambridge.
 
anne and diversity. its producing,
too, are representative. master-
County rs also one at the now .
‘weather'lane’ counties article‘for graduate :parents who mat
have consistently voted for the preparing for teaching or adding' “9.1m“ Fe“°“'5h‘PS “'0‘“
presidential candidate who prot lslrnnon In American Colleges “WNW“ m 1922 “5 Pa“ 0f
, , ~ >1 ' la ' 1
it did miss in ‘60. hurt only hy.and inn rsrtrcs and who cons-.8‘00”nfl‘l°§)'3“‘Re‘l’i‘m‘li‘°”‘I‘I‘I‘i‘fl‘year
r rididueattou. The support and ad
registration at the fellowship:
Model UN feel’ing sea‘l‘uses $52.3. m: 3.2% Dim"
Ac’live Grinnell Pariicipal‘ion H
Twelve Grinnall students i‘e-‘called praise n-om press, attendecntly traveler to St. Louis toltng faculty members, and other Mu“...Cc w_ 303mm modem
participate in the Second old- students lot their congatlcntlhan Wm...“ H. crime” and Mrs
n-est Model UN These including dlillg of committees, act train-1 .
hurt Lamb, Dave Kennedy, Date man demonstrated a good IilIOWIHanufmn “mm" ”‘9 “Eh”?
Golden. Paul fourth-rght, and edge of the United Nations and ““1““ Academic Librarians
Steve click. These ﬁve were its rules or procedure Because.conference hold in St Louis.
chairman of the ﬁrss tour m‘dlnloI-los time \‘l'ol G shell will Mo, the past Friday and water—
‘and Yale Divinity School. where
was one of 21 to he chosen.
hc research his ST M. degree.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This P'Uamm “'35 established This is his ﬁrss year at Grinnell.l
BoalWans AllentlBotilt feels’ng
]
signsﬁcant insights into the ten ' . YOU" lemon
“write;metric: short Gets Kent follows!“ p lw.” ﬂsent
   
      
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
lSiaie feel’i =
Representing the
» Young Democrats next
- 4 through Sunday at the
, ‘ convention ot' the YD’s trial ti.)
' , .t 26 students. The convention a ll
- ’n he held in Ottumwa,
-;s ‘.| The representatives
‘ r, Marilyn All. Phil
gonna Bradley, Ken Coleman.
‘,Ralph grant, Aim Delugr ht
Dave Evans Mike Fort, car
Fl'americas, igne canyon. Milt}
german, Julie Johnson. s.t-rc
“Johnson. _
Paul Jones, Jon moment, Jim
cache, pitch device, D
Lusthader. Boh reveals', Gcot
‘ticket. elizabeth Moses, Karen
wilson, dance Oppernian, .lntr
,. . *‘manuals, Jack Spence and sun
lYOllng.
  
 
 
L, are:
terms t’ll‘l
 
    
 
 
let
   
 
l Richard G. part
   
 
day. Friday's sessions were holds
in the new John M. Olin library TIP To GULFERS
rat Washingloti uitrtcr-srty anal . If? weaponﬁi
materials in [he Pius XII NIe—t
‘mon'tax Library at St Louis Unr
verse
 
 
coltmlitlces and the Special Po-‘continue next year in this same
 
optical Committee of the Uiiitcdieapaetty as one of the leaders
Nations. lit] the Midwest Model United
BATES
FLOWERS
 
 
 
 
SUMMER
Jack sherman was presldcnthaﬁone
of the model secured council.
and Larry coleman was press-I 1
sent of the model General A .t :
simply, Marilyn lindsay. steve;6r°up Leaders To
troops, Andy Goltlstcrn and
Mike Tetlcy were members or: Be helen‘l‘ed Soon
a delegation representing Illdla,,-
Ralph grant was chair-than or The New student Days com.
(hi;I delegation. I mittcc is interested in received purpose of the Mode - - . ~. A .
United options was to execute.L ”‘g “We?".“ph‘t’m'im “0'“
students as to the working or! ““09““ “M““g “ C “"“D
the mm“. Na...ms by mmmyn leaders next September. Worn.
ing in a model UN, This models en's applications are due in the
U hopEd to make Unttcd Na-‘ ofﬁce or the dean of women
tions allocated of Visiting col. on SW...“ Apr“ 20. Mm:
love students. by greater apps'C-. 1.. r I m h t .,
edition ot‘ United nations request ““1”” “’m 5w“ . c ""3“
and problems. (0 Dean \loud's nﬂice by the
The group lrcm crinnoll l'e-' sonic date.
 
MAKE A DATE WITH ' l
A STEAK TONIGHT
* Language
French
German
ENJOY THE FINEST FOOD AND
ATMOSPHERE IN GRINNELL
 
bus
* Art and Music
 
write
LONGHORN
 
 
 
in the
ROCKY MOUNTAINS t
1 1k Wide selection of courses in major subjects in
the liberal arts curriculum
‘A' General studies courses in the Creative Arts
* sanyo Holm School of Dance
(German Language House for 25 residenricII students)
Applied and Theory
Concerts. Lectures. Film Series
‘A’ Summer Recreation Program
COLORADO COLLEGE
For details. catalog. and applicable form.
Summer Session Office
Colorado College
Colorado Springs. Colorado
CLASSES ‘
 
To get distance, you plus‘
snake the niosl of a full slloil
(let shot...sleeping both took,
ﬂat on the ground will hell“
Achieve [hi Don't smoke lIl-:
mistake of listing the left foot
as many people do.
Golf in (my lt'mt/let- with I;
ali Icl'itlcle/glml‘tt/l/t‘t‘alarm
zeizrtrpcllcnt far Ill'O still ycttlzr
by CI'm‘L‘HMlL’I"
See our total collection”:
of McGregor footwear
PPESION’S‘S
“party" CHURCH. drop.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
l
l
f
1‘ Spanish
I
l
l
of the Study sIlouId be a rt-still ‘
Page Six
@til begin
Phil Brown, a Gi'iililell student. is spending
his junior year zlblxililtl at the Albert Schweit ,er
College in Clluriialtleli (GR) Switzerland. This
article is the ii iii a two part series.
Tile ‘ti'avon-year’ which is relatively com—
mon among European students seems to be ba—
finally a sound idea, ‘for everyone needs at some
time in his life to be able to have a suitable
period away from his al influences acid pi
sites ' much in ' ice in the Western
\would. ion System watches
the idea up in a characteristic fashion by or-
' acid shopping acid or using students
into d recent . . . a‘bi' id pi'og its wllicll l'entire limited 1 eedom and guaranteed credit as
the main attractions. Limited freedom an
attraction in the sense that it is oi‘t‘e 'ed in
the guide of getting to know a foreign multiple
in secure surroundings and under tile proper clip'action. _
This kind of a criticism of the brad' anal
X-College year air 'id pro im is affair because of its overly inclusive choosing. There a 'e
indeed many individuals who benefit as iiidiiiduals from their experiences abroad under such
a program, biit in most cases this is not: the
programs fault. Probably the best tliilig which
can be said about such programs is that they
offer the opportunity, dimensional or not, for
individual marketing. it is my convention that
for most; college and united its students this
£\\H|l\'enlng, psychological acid intellectual comes
at a time when it is easily suppose ed by the
social conditions interest iii his iirioiindings
ie. the culture of ‘American Oil" .union‘ and
events on ten
SCARLET AND BLACK
more particularly the atmosphere of collective
life.
There are two obvious ways ill which this
collective atmosphere winners the outbreak and
development ol’ the personal iiwiil king which
is all-important in developing iudiiidiials who
are capable oi" acting for themselves and of pen,
etc'aging' the patent iiivtli of or ill .atioiial col—
receiving in an examination social (lt " impor—
want to remember that throughout history it
has been the e men who have been responsible
[or the binding. the attention ol' culture and
soCiety.)
First/last colleges or more correctly ‘distributions of higher learning” extract a social
conditioning ml which functions as a real
model oi the '0 al community of our Cllltlli‘ci
except that it is taken out of cost \ The mini,
nor in which the college cominuniti is a model
out of context becomes clear in the [min of the
crisis the individual faces in the college elivironmont. He is allowed to realize the i‘act that
many of the social more and ideals which he
feels he must ight against do not device their
source 01‘ authenticity l'l'om any distinct external authority, but rather l'rom himself as a
psychologically and sociologically conditional
man; lo. the notion of authority becomes emasculated along with the self. Thus far there has
been a real marketing, and this undoubtedly
does occur constitutes or ilnconsmously in
many college students and in last all young per—
pre of certain educational acid social back—
Friday, April l2, [963
er ties:
grounds \i'glen mothers to certain educational l’actors
Then the community oi the college is plus
one, ready to trial” the individual back into inn-.
toltuicd, llllClltltzll iiavs ot thinking and listing‘,
modelling a normally certified v to security
on campus and constitution adii silent vol visitor [\I1)l)all(‘>.\j and kingdom just as in our oiin
larger society. (of chinese the problem that
things solid ulna * l‘ oi k out o securely, and
then there are some him never eonl‘orbit and
sonic colleges that offer the opportunity not to
condos'm.)
who cold \may ill iiliieh the college atlas»
there stories and districts that ai spelling is
by putting so much academic pressure on the
student that he is joined into the choice of
studying and learning on his own and in bi
own way and consequently listing bad marks
and academic rest “union in the Future, or con
forming to the do. red standard of expectations
placed upon him by the college and the community of students of which he is a part and
often forieitilig much individual and personal
development, There is a third solution which
can be taken which is preventing to be a student, ie. going half way towards fulfilling both
ends and thereby ma big' the two ends nothing
but; means towards a kind oi" consortium which
is anxiety filled and too i'liability' to most of us.
i believe an educational solution is possibility‘e,
and that high level instrumentation is Vital.
Philip Bl'oivn
 
SCORE Boosts ‘
Human Relation .
The Student Committee on“
Racial Equality (SCORE) at;
Iowa State University is spot‘r
spring its second annual Human
Relations Conference for Iowa
students to be held on the lows
State University campus April
720th and 2let. A full program
is planned giving apple oppol‘m
tuning for students from colleges throughout the state to
get acquainted and discuss fields,
of discrimination such as nous.
ing, employ ni, education and
campus
speaks s and moderators will
include— ,
Mr. William signs, Mississippi attorney handling civil
rights cases.
Dr. florence narrow. her
global Secretary for the
American Friends 5 e i- v i c e
Committee.
PARTY?
AHRVANO S
do the catering.
(inquire about our special
rates for parties)
Telephone 236-6222
Let-
ﬁblﬁll‘l’i
The finest name in cosmetics at
THARP PHARMACY
Where you get personal service
(across ibm air criminal State Bank)
 
 
 
 
FRESH Mill!
DANISH MAID BAKERY
HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue
 
Mr. honest Russell. Execu~
 
time Secretary, Des points
Human Rights Commission.
For additional information on
registration and housing actor»
locations for the Conference,‘
one may \v to to'
score.
% Memorial Union
Iowa State University
lines, Iowa
SUWER JOBS
Send now [or list at 1000
summer employers. Camps.
hotels, v, 5., Canada, Mexico
3100 to Stanley Assocs., Bo.
21 1 while 3 Pa
WANTED
Conservative Students to
form YAF or conservative
gmups on campus and to
start a conservative paper.
Free literature and compare-
 
tion in oi-annoying and planboth
tried tree or charge.
interested, write E, .14 McCal—
Jr.. Po. Box 1781)
Bridgeport, Colin. or call
prison 4-9471 collect
king for will be sin»
Those
lumi
 
 
* Ride to visit my maiden hunt in Oskaloosu.
at To trade three old Playboy Magazines for one real live bunny rabbit.
* $1,000.000 (donations carefully accepted)
\
What ever your message. plate your Classified Ads in the 5&8 at the low Student Rate (any
student or organization affiliated with Grinnell College is eligible for this rate.)
DON'T GAMBLE on word of you'l'h or the julieﬁn boards. Use our
dependence Classiﬁed Service.
Call Exes. 240 or 349 for rates and information
 
 
Friday. April I2, 1953 SCARLET AND BLACK Page seven
'Clnclermen Drop Dual see‘l .‘Flrsl Wlii Ever Over Cyclones
l‘ SCl' 59-45 M ' ' . '
o mom/ma ram: Edi/few ﬂeffect‘ lo we State
5m: small Writer 1 maui-en in the 60 yard law
_ ‘ lib- ‘05, which he also won,
The Gnnnv” College brad .le Langllam in the min. Rod , - . v ~~ - . The trim” golf team Open.
'realm was detected by the State Brown m, “ 4.35.0 mm but , Ed its My,“ Tuesday Mm an
college of Iowa mm“ m “".‘“‘ only got third place. i ‘ impressive or home victory av-
‘l°°f' "‘9“ M“? 29_.Th°nf‘4‘l“‘} sol. won the eight. lap see‘ or Iowa State,
56010 was 5C1 J9~ 51mm 0- ~lay but Young was happy with t In the first victory over the
. It was a close meet all the the Grinnell time or 3 Kent‘ . Cyclones in Pioneer golf histﬂ)’ with each team “mn'ng‘hotel‘Son won the hiDi jump‘ ‘ tour. the home squad was led
six events but 5-C-I- had this-title a lead at 6'2" and Baht 4‘, by two sophomores, Dave
depth to pull it out in the end- carroll took the broad pumps i Scllcrgren and Eric Miller,
board Young was very areas'smith 222% The shot put was who played in the supplier 1
td With the effort oi the team, .9 pmneeL weak Spot, and _ , and 2 spots respectively. dallas a whole and made inentio _ .c1. took an mm places. _ ‘ el'gl'en shot a one- rd r-par
ot' the fact that this was the! SCI. 3150 won the are, huti , ‘ 3.; iii-st round, and finished
t time the Pioneers had av-amd put ran 3 51,1. logging ‘ ' . with the medalist score or 72
or given 501. a good fight lfirst place by a teeth et a sec: 1 for the 18 holes, Miller card-
Many r. innell individuals 0nd, , ‘ ‘ . 1 ed a '79, good for a second
turned in their host per‘for'- Other Gi-innell winners were i place among the Gl‘inxrelliansf
manner in this meet including ‘Rod Brown in the the mile and , » ‘ Jim home,- was low man row-
Fred Berg in the so yard Gene robert in the pole vault , , . ‘ ' ‘ ,. ‘you'u State wllh a 77 Round-
‘ i i ' W » ‘ a ‘ , ‘ . me out the Pioneer team were
we - ' » ‘ ~. ‘ ' - garden, pete Klein. and
seller.
Tlv Pioneers will (final to
111 in to oi ow to
meet Kno in' their ii t Con-
defense dual meet. with a good
lesbian t graduated into
the variety i -, this year. the
‘six - should provide state com-
' ' the hot sharing
A . l In'f I
mm | e
‘ men against Knox will he Seller—
lay THE Animal ieiiis with dealing have horn ie— - ill‘c miller. garden, seller. and
‘pop-ted, prozac a n o t h e r sophomore.
 
 
 
Tim spa‘mg l'M season started ‘
beginning (hotel‘allv) yesterda, The ﬁrss round at the golf.
with a pair of softball games. ‘meet will be held April 29, and ‘ A , > , .
hi the ﬁrss of two rather dc- :?°‘t“d‘::_n‘i‘:e:‘m““£14h?“ " . . s . him we itlcmlt: o/ turbo-lx
ensure contests, North ds oscar > ‘ t i- i . . . . e . .
or East 1375' and looked 45’)“ n _ Pioneer lllg‘ll bumper Mike Lux cheats the bar in one‘
were on its way toward success-i . 9r m$ police leads this “'EEk- He is film“: “‘19 [he “.9“ iii ”unit latina.iiimiinii,'ii menu”
fully depending the crown ,t‘ I _ Jumping pit uhlcll leélllll‘es foam rubber cushioning “1—; i, W “I,” 5‘ MW.” 1;”: ,ng
won last year. The most starring ,more en 5 ‘out‘nfl ot the usual lawsuit. mm” H”, H “mm” Mm
play of the game was “wmmp ‘ Donor /or Zen/r too-ioiiniiaiiie
“h" “all“ ‘ 'eating W M NCAA Meeting Grlnnell Tennis dream feel‘s l not.o.,i,»,i.i..,...i
(ullrge [like Hm: train their home
itiimii iiiiil oomumriit ruigimieiiti
 
Ken alt‘unless hot gloundel, ID intel uni. Tbir'strategy ll'jr
and throw from a sitting post-‘ IFirS-i- joe, below'l', Tomorrow l It; forward. mm mm. m.
t‘you, The throw was high, and: Irv Simone split. ed.) will air The om do. alNAVlONALREVlEW
S|l‘ubiel‘ would have been satcttend the National Collegiate Ath. Grimwll's tennis forces travel the second douglas has not well team-idiots." W" ”t "H "W-
, . ,, ,i , iSDEJSSlev
even it it web‘en'l, but it looked latin Association's annual swim-légnleloeﬁePﬁi‘ °~‘ ‘0‘ ”m ‘9“ been selected. York it, at,
good anyway. living rules conference in Allslln. The sensitive _ MES “new;
. ’Texas. Wednesday lhrotteli Sat-i v11 h ' tl ‘Cl G A Ir
0n the second diamond Lane _ ‘\\l o in us oi e uy si
o n “in mu produced 1,. sum“? ' ;ton. Jim Smith. kai v Shannon.‘ . SALES Q REPAIR . RENTAL
’3 5 5°” y 3 . . lBoh thomson and Bob llewes ‘
call'son continuing 12.2. i One at the big questions to be‘ Cam] add BOW“ WNW. .' _ * Smith _ Corona
. . . discussed by the airhi represent ii i ii r-t ; - i . r-ol '
G g into elleet this season a la 12 us out pnietqm . . _
. 0‘" , . . latinas is a proposal to inrreasedohnitelv set although their on ‘ * Olive"!
is a new softball Subslllullon‘ . _ t, > w d n .
. or . . from three to i'our' the number am may :6 rlmnoc . car
me “Ho“mg a 5mm m leave.“ events in which -m india-idiril “my be "el’k‘md 3‘ “‘9 “WW ’ ' * series
the game for a sub and return. ‘ ‘ ‘ star-e position bv Ken . -. ,
- during a meet. . \
alter at least one ending out. to “‘33 wmpe‘e ‘ = Dick luetzlei- or w
the same spot in the betting Simone, who is the NCAA‘. Ashton and Bl'umstm alex 0 *COST R’EPAIR 9: ALL liAKES
order later in the contest lt is district rules representative, ear- 5“““1‘110‘1 ‘0 Pm" ““mba“ 0““
l l , ~ ,_. l ~ t. .
malziiio softball more than interior served as head timer at they‘mb °s 30“" Rm“ ‘0. "l“. SEE US FOR.
a , one at the men who does not P l' d Add L bnls
a Iceman sport, irhioh it wasrnallonal NCAA swimming most pm. mar“ in“) “Emmi don‘t ersgnalze ross a up until now. So tar. no pl‘tip»clients at Raleigh, N.C. hles team, The other player in; appointed March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mlmeographlng '
aselralers lose to isht‘fruit (this?iiiﬁfilesésiiii
 
 
 
 
By cam builder 1teachers turned tour ratings pm. l3ar . Anderson will he the‘ ’
The pmneer basedﬂu squeal Grhmell output Central N lo‘starting kitchen. A week fl'non‘
peter the 19th season Wednes- Wm“? hm ”“5 ““5 ““5” by TCSaturday the Pioneers will open: N
‘Pl he l' l‘l' rs \ l »
day With a 52 loss to Centrrtt ° 6 ° ° W“ m” the worn-once season iiisii
inilSCll said he let path teachers
’ i ‘ ' t l i. . i .
521.5%; a; “1;: 2;:éi‘ﬂaﬁsize‘him for tour ratings rather than‘Comellv .
cells covered in the high 40's. close three teachers because he is K II E
. summit bumper on- to a 2,.) looking forward to the time Grinnell 002 000 000—2 ti 6
lead in the top or the third in-cohen the thin Grinnell pilcllln; Central 000400 01x75
“mg. Art peterson walked and‘seaﬁ wiki hat-o to work no w. , .
then store second, Wayne nano:through doubleheadm BMCT‘ES’CM'W“ ”E“
drove Peterson across with that ‘ rand Game Cry-<0!» Cm ‘
opening l‘un With a triple. canon Griiinell opens its home season golden-maker (7) and Slykhuis,‘
stored the ﬁnfl Pioneer run asjagainst Simpson Tuesday at a Dyhstra (4).
he was singles home bv Jim
links.
Central took the lead in the.
fourth lnnlng as they explorer ‘
for root at noon some PENNEY S Cal soldier. They added on in.. i i NORTH
strange run in the rights uﬂ‘l anwnrs FleTouALITv CAMPUS
penny l-tension. Both Plonccl'l
__1 MAKE PENNEY‘g YQUR SOUTH
 
CAMPUS
sweet CAMPING HEAEQUAR?ER§ FOR
TOUR
oi Europe
CANVAE 9%ng 33 1 both agencies are served by
“90‘? $195.1)! ”than ‘ V MEN'S CANVAS OXFORDS
all'i‘s‘i‘all’i'its‘t‘oil'ﬁll‘hzo Size e to 12 B or D Width ‘ IOWA CLEANERS
severe shown time.
only $479 . WOMEN'S CIA-{WAS OXFORDS
Size 5 re 9 A or B width 57’9“” “5 by "'“E f‘"
GRINNELL TRAVEL quality service at less cusf.
CENTER '3 All tar only $2.90
 
 
 
 
Page Eigln‘
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April l2, m3
 
Physical Ecltlca-‘ivory favors:
Find Piece in Peace Corps
.I.llc graduates with degrees
it phys al education or woman
linux still find apple opportunil‘ to use their skills 1nd
\letﬂlllg in Pcacc Corps see
ltoquests for \‘oltlntce » with
tit-lienee m lllese_ fields have
coupled t‘or 1963 as emerging
nations look to the Peace Corps
in: apply pct-sons with this SDCrittllzed knowledge.
'well mountain India sie a
no. More o, Gudlcm' a,
i under. Cameroon, Ethiopia
and Barbados have appeared to
the Peace Corps [or sports units
t. toys. They will serve as
lu.Cl‘tE and coaches in element
lazy and secondary schools. on
its, university level and some
\vi‘l also work in general :tths
lcd'c programs.
Specifically, the Volunteers
wi' be assigned to develop
.tel ical education currently. sue
pty‘ViSE and administer sports
brown-arms and organize teams to
pa private in local. regional or
international competitions
A total cl 200 men and com-
~ with the necessary back-
ads and qualifications will
. major s.
land medical
must be
do needed jobs. They may leave‘
no dcpendcn. under
A Volunteer l‘l‘cases 575
month rcadlustmcnt allowance.
The total. 51500. is paid at the
end at the two-year tour or del-
(y.
18
He also receives appliances Io
cover food, lion
and illciclenlztls. '1 information
sale arc pool'idea.
All volunteers go through a
training program in the United
States which prepared tllcln t'or
their jobs. They study the his
AlllCl‘lCZln‘ -
no. clothing_
leather Service l
by King Sunday ‘
Peace Corps products one should:
ha . a dcgtcc in physical edt»
nation or reel-nation. Teachers‘
with degrees in other academic
but who have \l'ol'ltcrll
in recreation or physical educa-‘
hon are also eligible Expeirl
once in physical education, ei-l
thcr through coaching or or an—
r 19, team competition h hi her‘
dc. ~ahlc
volunteers
citizens uvct ls, Tllm'e is no
maximum ago plant Man-ice
couples are eligible it both can
Easter services will no talk
fucked by Donn of the chapel
Winston L, King on Sunday,
Apt 21. at 11:30 min. in perl-ice ct.per.
flu‘ topic
salmon will
[Until 3'
King's
Were
of Dunn
be “They
Review Asks for
applicants Monday
Applications are now hemg act
ccptcd for the positions ot edt—
for and business manager or the.
.Grillncll Review for the 1963-64
school year.
All applications must he sub-
;lntttcd to Ken Schitl, current
which edllm. by Monday.
April
The Board or Publications will
lntcruiou- the applicants on
Wednesday, April 17.
 
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
i
l
l
l
On ci warm day like this
you cam” real- a requesting—
ice cream code!
DAVIS
ICE CREAM SHOP
Delicious salt-s and shares Too!
 
 
 
Sl'. Paul's S'l'ideal men‘l‘er
EPISCOPAL
o Sundaysis u.ni., 10 am. and 4:30 mu.
0 Wednesdays—7 a.n\., mechanism
o FridnySA 0 pm. mechanism
0 Daily Offices—9:15 am. and 4:30 uni.
Fr. Problc, oscar and Chaplain
 
 
told. culture and language of.
their host council'v: technical
courses in their special alias oi"
concentration: American history
and world art'aids, health cds.‘
nation and ph al fitness and
Iprcuenlnve ‘medicine
Additional inter-motion
Volunteer Questlonnulr
available by writing to Mr: Pa-l
.gang, Professional and chllnlcall
provision. Peace Corps. Wash-1
lillglon 25. DC,
into training this summer for
ltd- e projects
.‘sales Pagano. Director oi the.
place helps' Ft'ofesstollzll and
'l‘clinical Di on. has listed
since opportunities for potential
volunteers:
battlefield Jewelry (0.
Corner 4th and Broad Street. Grinnell
Local Authorized Dealer
 
 
1l Opportunities to develop
physical education and reel-air
lion programs trout fuminli-totals to highly detailed
programs.
and l
are l
2) Opportunities to “to"
with people who are pages for
instruction and want to be
helped and guided.
3) Opportunities in do rc-
~ h that may lead to a
star‘s Degree in the chosen
lielll.
Planning A
Purl-y?
Hungry for good
naked goods?
Order cakes. cookies.
and salaries from
ﬁddly
loading
SAD/q
923 Broad Sr.
4) Opportunities to demonstrate the principles and ships
Itsoplly oi American sports
through the establishment of
well-founded, w e l l-organized
well—administered physical education or recreation
programs.
5) Opportunities to learn .
about other countries. Ulepeo-
.yle, the language and culture
and to Show them how union
items think, work and learn.
to work
in some
6) Opportunities
h Olympic teams
«u‘ these countries.
7) Opportunities to achieve
solid experience which will he
oi great value to the volunteer as he plans his future
career.
 
 
To quality for any of themes
 
 
ENGAGEMENT RING WITH THE PERFECT CENTER DlAMOND
PLANNING A
.HOUSE PARTY
See Us For
Pclalo Chips. sep. teachers.
Candy. cum. Fresh trail.
Cookies. Ice Cream. const'Rolls
True advisory is expressed in file brilliant fashion selling of
every Keepsake diamond engagement ring. Each
selling is a marketplace of design, reflection the full compliance
and beauty of tale center diamond . . . a perfect
gem of flashers clarity, fine color and
meticulous modern jul.
Alllliorlzcd Keepsalte Jewelers may be listed in the
Yellow Pages. Vtsil one in your area and choose tlom
many beaullltll styles. each mph the name “Kecpsaka”
la the ring and on tile tag,
One Block West of Old Storé
We Give SSrH Green Stamps
 
[new to PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDHIG
Please send two new buolllels, “How to the Your engaged
rent and Wedding“ ardw'cttoorlio Your Diamond
Rings,“ both to only too. Also send special offer at
I beautiful M page Bride's Book.
com: King said. wmdmo Rh: SO.DB~RME2A Ring
5359 Alla lo‘liSikoialNS Ring Sl50.W¢doing xtrgsarn,
include Racial lu. Rl-‘ql “5:4qu in
:l M death, @made-Vdik re
 
xié>w<s rumour was. smallest. m,
 
 
