.Dr. hello May:
«Mail Must Face li's Anxiety
By Lynn Dcuzlel'
5&8 News Editor
The main characteristic ot the
modern existentiolist movement
is a reception against the loss of
freedom, or the deliulllanizatioli
or man, according to Dr. hello
May, noted educated and my
chctherapist.
Beginning the annual Gates
Lecture Series sponsored by the
Department of Philosophy and
Religion. Dr. May spoke before
an overview crowd in service
Chapel Sunday evening on the
.subject, “substantial Psychology
and Human Freedom."
“The concern with freedom
in the 20th century is with the
danger of losing it. to machines‘
_-which we have built,” he said.
”This is especially important in
the field of psychology where
the emphasis is on control of
the mind and personality."
Dr. May emphasized the proc.
let of anxiety and its relationship to freedom. Good mental
health results from the ability
. to face normal anxiety and the,
. relation of anxiety and freedom
tests in the capacity to accept
and bear it.
“It normal anxiety cannon be
faced, it needs to be decided.”
he continued. “This leads to
neurotic anxiety ” He credited a
great deal of the apache in Current society to this same exp! .
sioii oi neurotic anxiety. With
the overbearing threat of there
molecular war, apache entries
as a social simpson —
etc ol the historical situation."
Rate increases for student sms
prominent to go into effect next
fall were announced today by
Robert. c. papers, Director of
Admissions and Student Aid,
Jobs now paying 75¢ per
hour will go up to 35c. and
those paying at present two.
35c and 909 will each go up
so per hour.
This year, according to papers,
“A re- I
final to (ace the informal anti»‘
on his
May in-
concentration further
introductory ideas, Dr
produced
between the sell and the world
le or between stimulus and re
‘spouse, “Freedom involves know
line that you are the determined
one — not to deny the stimuus. but to cause and then throw
your weight to one response or
another."
He spoke repeatedly oi mall’s
‘need to be conscious of himself
as the experiencing individual
If man is aware or this gap be-
;taken stimulus and response —
'“more awareness 01' self brings
more awareness of world” 7 he
is able to use it effectively, In
this way, man, the one hilton»
final being, has the capacity to
tr nsccnd from tradition and to
give learning both flexibility
and freedom,
“The eVistentialist tries to ullvl
dcrstand the person in men, the
§capacity to be conscious of what
he is experiencing and the
unique ways in which mind ex—
oldest‘ Co
Vol. LXX Grin
Student Wages to Increase
trigger rate the same amount
the concept of a gap,
grinnctfconcge
» 50a real? @Blac
lprcsscs sell 7 the past and prev
‘ent ., part of living he said
Dr. May then coin-coated this
filled with that or responsibility ‘
saying that expo once relief all‘,
expanding. “Freedom can never
be separated f-om responsible t,
ltd." he said ”The ultimate sum»,
nation, that of essential free
dom, is man‘s capacity to choose
this attitude,”
Man can have freedom only
by racing anxiety that is real,
according to Dr. lvtay who turned anxiety the “all less ol‘tl'cds
dom" lie concept rl that trees,
dam is bought at the capacityi
to face normal anxiety.
“People that are sick (men.
rally) suspended freedom in Ol'v
der to avoid anxiety, To make
itllem well, one takes away the
creativity that is the freedom‘
to develop anxiety and care
”Creativity is never creativity
unless it has the element of
freedom speaking out e.g.1
Love is not love unless I Choosel
.1ll0 one I love,“ he said ;
large Newspaper Wesl cl blue Mississippi
well, iowa. Friday. March 22, I963 No. 23
{Military Ball Set
l
l
i The
l , . .
need. For upperclassmen applyelgau 9°3 Gnnnen M‘l‘my
l Dr. hello May speaks with
ll’ever Cohort following a mf—
lfee hour discussion in the
‘North counter lounge. May‘s
second and third lectures are
supported on page three. In
condition to his three service
lChapel lectures, May was a
‘participant in two coffee-
‘hour discussions.
for Tomorrow;
SAC Band continuing Will Play
, “colored" candidates include
‘will be earned for about 265 log for renewal of aid. need is‘,
hours of work. lreeyaluoted each year, and the}
During 1962433 settle'its \version id and amount of aid is ad-‘t
given work awards totalingmore pulled toward or download do
than $99,000: about! 41 per cent working to individual circus-:
,af all students enrolled as ol'stanley. Almost all students re-;
‘least. l'all received Campus em— calling financial assistance from‘
ployment. the college are assigned campus
Campus wo , like sehola employment along with other‘
ill-aid, and
an all-campus formal nongNanCy books. Joanne Domcvich.
flower dance, will be held to. nudity Finn. ‘Jean Gilruth and
mirror from 9 until l2 pm. in Catherine McDonald. The "ColDorby gym. hotel" will be selected in voting
Music will be provided by the by all Grinnell men. in Cowles
potatoes, a continuing of the 50- ﬁlying room at noon Fridaypiece ”Flying Band” of the U.S.l “contrary janet. colored” last
Air Force's Strategic Air Com- clear was Sharon Miller who was
mat-id which is to present a free named as makes tl-lomecoming
public concert in party at ElQueen at Grinnell this academic
the typical employment award is
$225 at the 75c rate which
means a student works 300 hours
(about. to hours per week)_to
earn the full award. At the
is awarded primarily on the ba—
procedure, according to papers,
‘regions with a careful estimate
ml each applicant's financial
Announce New AWS Board;
calls Will be Assigned Soon
Seven members of next-year’slpl'aside in each at the women’s
AWS Board. were made known calls next year are Anne Brineat the spring not-not dinner heldlman, Gretchen char, party
in the Quad dining room Wed—lCr-odzins, Georgia Griftrth, wednesday evening. Those who willltic buttons, Marilyn Nelson
and charles perhaps.
In preparation for
tion. a coffee hour was held
Tuesday afternoon in Main
Lounge to acquaint the women
11 New Members
Elected 1° WHP it”; iiiiirtll‘later:
The elections of house press-non Mmdaydents for North Campus worst Members of
held in the men’s calls this 935l;colllnlissl01l
the exec-
the sophomore
queries the candy—
Week- The new treatments graduates as to their views concern—l
as follows: Ken richards, Westling the relation of the
morris; Bill simpson, East Nolurpresidem m the “her;
rlS; Jon person. Cowles; J-‘Cklcollege and its purpose, the deBarker. liable; Dave Goldenilgree of cooperation which
Clark; John Miller, GalES; Tom‘should take place between the
DeBerg, union; George For‘lAWS Board and the Col‘HP.
rest; Langan; Russ Hardentiand their concepts of the hall
Smith; Dick trust, Norlll‘as an academic or social unit,
counter; and Bob DeCool<,l
South counter.
house
ltd 1 pm Wednesday and those
The new CofHP will assumelelecled were informed before
its duties after the spring access‘the formal dinner.
under the leadership or Petcrl g
cohen, newly elected CofHP Th5 new AWS 30“ "'0'
. .d ibrielly Wednesday evening to
press am. y .
,tzcl plans for organization uneerieeﬁe asldel'any. Each member will will»
ADDRESS lmlt an application stating heihall preference and will be notified of the decision before
March 30. Some ruling must, be
made concerning integrated
forms before this time.
loans, ,
and;
Voting took place from ll a.m.l
ship grant. tilids of aid, i.e., Scholarslllps,lp,m tomorrow.
grants, and loans In addition to Highlights of the dance will
‘this year’s aid program includ-l‘HQnomry janet colored" and
led more than $358,000 in schools a performance by the Grinnell
' ships and grants. lAir Force ROTC Drill Team.
Joe Stlﬁher was approved by for the coordination Committeé
the Student Senate last Tues- have been made by the Plan»
.for less—54, His approval was‘center for approval in the preview sessions with the Execu-tions are still to be made. that
time Cabinet and the Social of North and South Campus containing Board. Stifller is social Chairman. The interviews
,junior art-history major who warrior these positions will be held
chairman of the Cadabouts Com. in the next two weeks with the
little this past year. He will be the“: Cow? and AWS 3W“;
camping John Gleymenl i Six members of the Coordin-
our"aging Committee were also ap
. g . ,i r rent Coordinator, after spring Tuesday
vacation.
proved by the Senate
Recommendations of candidatﬁl
night. media Ramzy will be the
Concerts Chairman, Keith King
,day night as Social Coordinatorning Board. They will be pre-l
the combination of several inter-late this Wednesday night. helen-'
year.
1 Both the ball and concert are
,his of financial need. The aidlsewoc in campus atnploynient,,include crossing of this year’playing sponsored by the 355th
‘Air Force ROTC janet equation. whereas no admission Charge
to either event, The college is
lcd.sponsor of the concert.
staff/er is Social Coordina for.
Chairman; the new
Union Chairman, Steve/Weiner.
Palmer party was chosen ln--
:iii-may Chairman. Bill Whelan
will serve as Gadobouts Chain
man. And the chairman of the
newly constructed Dlthyramb
Committee will be mail given.
The North and South Campus
Social chairman have yet to be
imposed. The new Court? will
treat to select the North Campus
Chairman ‘funds night. The'
South Campus Ch can will be
chosen by the new AWS Board
on March 22.
,Movies
 
l'l'three to enters for
Two seniors and one sopho-lthe period beyond the formal
more were selected this weeklinternship.
by the Advisory Committee or Miss Alt, a junior, is press-
,the Program in practical Pollti-event of the campus Young removal Education as the 1963 Sum—formats and a member of the women Political returns. A stipendIIltical Discussion Group. She is
of $700 accompanied this ap-‘a member of the Student Senate
treatment. and has been selected as chairs The three students, Marilynmian for next year's
Alt, Phil Johnson and Jackisium on
tSpcnce. will spend two months,rss" She was a candidate in the
louis summer as interim in the recent campaign for SGA press—
’office of a United States conﬁsent.
lgressman in Washington, Dc. Johnson, a sophomore, is a
in is hoped that the internship member of the Young republicans be extended to the entire cars and the Student Senate.
summer, with the student on He has been active in the college compression‘s payroll for legs forensic program, and was
 
 
“Syliipo-‘
the Democratic Pl’oc-‘
Congress
‘a member of the team that currently won the state debate title
land the University of Chicago
‘national debate title.
‘ Spence, a junior, is a member of the Student Senate and
ifhe Social Planning Board. He
was active in the recent SGA
campaign and was a SGA delaware to the Swartllmore Cortferenee on enlargement. He
has participated frequently in
lthe Political Discussion Group.
‘ The three Students will have
lthc option or involving for a
‘397-298 Independent Project next
year, based on the internship
experience.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 22, |963<
 
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, low:
A "buy newspaper pulilisliul ei’lnh grid'lv nl
iiuiiul committee an shut-iii rural
nu. Represented m iiillouii
no -il advertising Service. inc., College Publish
essential . ls East sold Street. N:' York 22, '
. Subscription run $4.50
.- cum
, \c 15am.
. LquIIlDewlrl;
COP null u
si-ol:
cnilsr
EDlTOK .
lsom .
PllOTUiﬂAPl-l i
. Prior Mulliliuvli llrnl)
'run laura' .i l.-li [.tiles
liiuililwi, ru- lilalslllill
 
‘ All letters to the Editor written for publication in the charles
and Black must be types and double spaces. ND unsigned letters
ill be printed. However, \writers’ names will be mitchell up .i
request. The 5&8 reserves the right to shorter any letter.
Hear Ye, Hear Ye . . .
As a public service to the Grillnell College Colliillunity,
this week's editorial column \\'all be used as a bulletin to
 
i‘sep the 3&3 readers posted on a number ol‘ organizations
ind issues currently of vital illliiortallcc on the Grinnell
. mph _
The Committee for Conformity of Clothing, Ctilllitel‘b
I‘llCE, and Personality announced today that a mass meet
ing‘ and visual will be held on central campus March 33. at
12 pm. All students will be required to attend. Dress
l he the standard white angle length cases and matching
l‘pointed head 'tasks, Participants should also bring a 4 foot
wooden touch, a can of kerosene and a supply of matches.
According to the central CCCP committee and its third)en subcommittees, a vegetable mountain of evidence has
i‘ceii collected which gives conclusion pi'oil’ of a growing
number of clandestine and subjective trends on campus.
:one oi' the security threatening currencies listed by the
CCCP committee oil their “Blue Book" are, ”incl'e mg in
'air, bllttonless dollars, blue means. lack of
makeup, and dolls'final heads."
Tile CCCP plans to take quick and de ' ' e ac ’on to
eliminate these 101065 of unless and disharmony from the
iirinnell campus.
stanley of long 1
Another group presently dealing with all equally crucial campus issue is the Drinking Rule for creature Pupils
committee. Tile DRIP committee has prepared a list of
three carol‘ugly studied and calculated alternatives to the
present drinking rule which will be presented to the students for a vote. The results of the references will detect
mine which of the three proposals shall be presented to
the administration as a comprehensive rule change arrived
at and supported by a responsible student body.
The hills committee's proposed alternatives are as
follows:
1) Students will be allowed to drink anything.
lime, and anywhere.
any-
2) Students will be allowed to drink and‘ll'there,
thing, and anytime.
any-
3)
Students will be allowed to drink anytime.
where, and anything.
any
There is one announcement of minor importance from
the National Student Association. According to l SA o|'signals, the Gi'timely College Student Senate will conduct a
student references ill the residence calls Monday, March
25, on some italic resolution concerning the repeat or reconsideration oi' the Internal security Act 01 1950. This is
one of those inconsequential Acts which “\" liltcs freedom
01' speech alld freedom of the press' districts free and
open discussion of public issues; magazines built by associze
Lion and pairilellisln; and gives the g‘OVel'luilellt vast now,
era to control and influence the advocacy of ideas.”
We know from past experience that progressive Grillnelliuns will give the First two org‘ ni athens their sport
various and enthusiastic support. In view of tlli anythingthat we might say, other than to make students aware of
the activities of these organizations, would be unnecessary.
However, we would like to suggest, it" you have a few documents to spare next Monday, that you cast a vote for the
informational repeat of the enormous Internal Security Act
or 1950.
D. A. B.
(Esrihv's Ghost Attacked
By Rn“ Gondenow
The McCall-uh Act was passed (during what
Richard l’low'smaller has called “the Age of Sn:
pacific” It is significant ,that in this. same allow
oi tear do eloocd the phenomenon of ‘Mch’r
thylsm', a disease that made the United plates a
laughing seo abroad. husband the Senate.
applied the E' enjoyed Admin million. serious’
ly damaged national mobile and actually help
ed the communist ll put'perth to destroy,
Oil the afternoon of February .51, 1950. the
day that Senator Joseph McCarthy made his
now enormous speech below'c the Republican
]'d(li€\‘ of VVheeliilg. WVa llidliiuz. women
Capellal'l raised the Senuloi al indices .ihun lil;
asked "How much lilo c are we going to taste?
Hindu and johnson and miss and h.‘dl'ugen
boobs threatening outside and New reality
wearing away the titans 01' lbs water‘n. in the
finance of heaven. is this the best Amer '11 can
(0...
McCarthy's reply was the 205 “subvm‘slri‘s”
{later he l’ dutch the number to 81. alien 3?
He never was Slll'(‘ what he said! \tel'c E‘l‘nplOVGLl
iii lilo state Department “full Gullllcr Joe," tllC
mall ranked by )‘ )m‘lcd‘s as thu" pmrosi senator
:h VVashlngton. pop only made national heath
lines and beautifully l. . ll‘cd l‘eClQCthlL he uslv
elect in one of [he most peaceful periods at
Anielicau lilSlOl‘V.
In the etislilllE four louis McCarthy proceed»
ed to use the ‘big-lie' technique and his Selintorv
ill immunlly to vwiuuslv attack anyone he so
desired. The aisliugi C(l GCllei'ul George Marshall i accused n ham: or "a conspiracy so
lmmcnsz‘, an illlamv so black‘ as to reward'
{my in the hilton' of man" water Mills’d
Tvdinqs. u sensor int ’0 l' lo had changed :l SCHaloiiul SLilPCOlT‘lane’l that {mind MCC. the‘s
chi 56 that the tcp' email of State v :
filed with suva slides "the iimsl liclmlo
palgu of half—trucks and uiiliulh iii the history
of the Republic" found film.‘ ll \lcillli 0i a Mar
Cal‘tlly led clear campaign her hn run for I'E"
election ill November 1950, McCai'tliV broke ll
Scllalorlal Diocedenca when he campaigned
asaiilst ’l‘smilies’ in the latter‘s home state 0‘
Maiylalld. Tydlngs lost and dlcd a broken mon)
too'l able \ai'ds.
Pressure on the State Dcpai‘event induced
John Foster pulled and hi assistant, McCaithVitc
w. Scoll McLeod. to begin a heavy membership
program in our lnlorniatioli agencies abroad
Many able and certainly alillrconinillnlst lm‘ali!"
service Officers were removed all the slight .
McCarran Art's
Nick Dldicu
Legitimate mi bus are often raised cons
medium ll (n Act's implications for who
' 1 lbs or non-Communist groups and inn
(lividilals who happen to be out oi - ‘ur with
three member's of the subjective penalties your
oi you-ll, about the stringency ol the pl‘parties
and limitations placed on specifications and in—
divisions t ed by the board to register as
“Commullis colon" or "Comlnunlsi-il'one" organizations, and so forth Certainly the Act is
value and it: prev ‘sons are severe
Nevertheless, the fundamental question about
the Act concerns not its highly possible side
clients or its saver y, but llie very issue to
~which the Act defects itself # namely, Conl-
muuism. .uiug that the Act could directly
impact the label-lies oi nu cimimu its as
well as columnists. n that i due rliiei' ob-
,iecuou lo it, is tantamount to favorite a new,
improved law. one which could somehow de
may the civil libraries oi really red. “card-
('nl'r ing" queries and nobody else.
But perception opponents of the Act do not
want a niger Acl. one which would puzzles
their' own security in the responsible NCI‘from—
million felt m- whatever other pas Ion they hold,
The problem \ iii the Act is that it is an Incurstall at izovenuueul into political beliefs Whether
the victims are columnists Or not, “good Ame
cars" pi» not, the Act still represents an assault
by government on a political opinion in a man
nu prohibited by the First Amendment Supreme
Court Justice Black a o objects to the law on
conslitutlollal ground as a "classical bill of air
lainde: and because 01 “its direct conflict \villa
the sell»iilcr monitor [)i‘D\.and oi the Fifth
Amendment."
The act is s' ll bus ,jul ll is much worse
than that. E my; laws from-l the public
from the real crimes attributes in communist
infections by the Act. The Act states. “The
ugeul. of canilllliliism have revised closer and
vulhlm espionage and sabotage muslims which
present, and McCarthy sent G. David Shine and
Roy Colin to Europe to investigate the “conversion‘ s'listing. Europe switched seriously as the
two 2 year odds reported “applying nilillruiiou“
and the State department ordered the removal
l- m installation «mm-y shelter all "books, cum. paintings and the like or any ConlIllullists. fellow travelers. et camera," Librarians
used little (listed‘tion in removing material. out
of self protection The ct cctcra was fabulous.
Many books were turned,
The Eisenhower Administration was slow to
being pressure to bear on McCarthy and, in fact,
announced in ibm that ii had removed 22ml
’setup’ ly l‘lslcs' lion government see’ViCc in order
to ”talk the Commlc issue away li‘om Joe McMartlly" Even his highly responsible and lane
ahlc Robert wait had gone so tar as to say
“McCarthy should keep talking and il one C2150
dress’t work out he should proceed with
another."
Tile plulessmual ebrColnmunist FBI inve theater became value, It “as a good way to earn
a living. Few, however, listings \when one ol
them, lleibert Philhl’lc said that lVlL‘CaItliyisiil
was one of the most effective tools in the Come
iii iii propaganda arrival
The whole tlilng became delicious when
library board-3 discussed the maine bl operates.
who my» uptcd the minds of youth With 1113
liberal ' e ~ and Robin H00 , who “store from
ch to give in the too (Despite the pro-
.illcu oi contemporary 1\ tilligham silicon
who sword that Robin Hood certainly was no
Communist)
Eventually. McCarthy met his match. The.
~ VrMLCm't y hearings lThe Army, in March
. Ch;i and that the senator had tried to get
presidential trcnlmerlt for the newly infected
86‘ he and McCarthy countercliavged that the
Army was attempting to blackjack him into
(ll-spring an investigation into communist at
Full ivlamimoulh, N.Jl brought him salary the
television cameras for two weeks. Army counsel
Joseph Welsh skilllully unmasked him with his
suit nianne snis and “Have you no sense of
defence, s‘ , at long last" Have you no sense oi
defence?"
in September the Senate measured McCarthy
for conduct un coming to u Unltcd States Scnr
Mar and brillgin that bndv into desperate. H'
public C‘Jl'tel‘ was over, but li|S gliosl lingerie
on.
adults Analyzed.
are cu "intl out in many instances in form 0
manner successfully massive of c swing law
“Successllilly gras 'e of existing law" is
another wav of Say 1;: that not many CDmlnunists have been prev ii 3 V of the actual
crimes mentioned, but since everybody knows
they really are guilty (or likely to be women i), the government may iii-faced on that
umptioll and single out Communist and
Communist-nominated groups [or special superb
vision.
all' is highland mortality. month'adicllng emiilclitly American concepts of justice. ol assumed
influence m the absence of proven built. 1; Cuminunist individuals or organizations are ill fact
proven guilty or crimes (murder, illell. lmasou.
em, or proven conspiracy lo those ends) then
other laws will require their punishment; if not
guilty. they can still be married and supervisor
under the provisions of the McCarran Act.
The McCai-iii Act's whole introductory description of the Communist movement is an intellectual misdemeanor ot' the flat magnitude.
It is almost paranoid in its emphasis: conversion
is being prepared under our very eyes, but the
silhverters are too closer to be Caught by ordinary means. No responsible political thunder.
whatever his personal views._\rolled describe
communist iii the Act's terms. totals} flooring
the understandable. if not ilisllllablc. appeal of
Coliimuillst theology to men at mlclligcni and
humanities notices.
Discussion of the McCari-an Act must. if it is
to be charitable, lead us into open-linked study
and debate about the nature or the Communist
movclr-cut itself As sons; Americans consider
Si'mozilla with or nlcnlhc ship ill the Communist
Party as a crime “1 llsolr, American political
though! will Continue to be logﬁod and restricted,
H the MCCal‘rail Act had no other fault. It would
have to be concerned for unconstitutlollally
happening llc entry oI llc Communist system
of belief into isle‘fl‘ee cxcllanrre oi ideas.
 
bomb sites lion-like Militarism
By hurt Lamb .
. uilg ‘the \i'all l‘d imllls total Americans
llmnl anal is illiLl mnsl elitwlllﬂ is ' '
llC vicwul realm » Spoiled bv our all»pe ,
closely-tu Ed jildiual system. we silk pi'piece
[his per ecllve mm other problem.
This dl films was wemphasimd l'or i.~ this
last weekend by the presence on campus ol' two
AlECi‘mail students for an IRC Conference. Their
aciiuupiieuled philosophy'" born in the bush
or revolutionary ‘story. good iii iuuiheu cons
uusi lo cells smell ll lmcliuou.
Late Friday evening the COIIVOK 'milan turned
in Angola mailing had a pro ’our exposure lo
the developments there, I quickly reviewed my
knowledge
. The Porlugese, long an aliachrollis 0 presence
in Africa. have been adamant in tlieli' refused to
permit selfrlzoveiiiment to the angola‘se ln Au ‘1
of 1950, u l-esoiullou failed to pass the Sccu ’ly
Council or the United Nations wh h would have
concerned impressive portugal acliv. 165 there
that had led to open lighting A month later the
same resolution passed the Geiielul A emily
by a large iuaiglu (72.18». Most of allé‘ UN.
hopes he now with a special sub-committee un—
matching many facts umbu sing to Premier
Salazai.
The actual discussion of this problem with
pmcoedva along quite diesel-em
however. The elitlic games of mi allowed
tactics to AllﬂOlﬂ \lele disco d of in the
hall'rscntclic , [her [he U. . t ll, to re-
solve the Ciisls between tariff runs. the succcedlllg shops are clea In the lime I required
in adjust my legalistic perspective to the flow
til thoughts. the violent overthrow of Mozambmue had followed quickly on the feels of total
native victory in Angola, Only during the un-
{ending of the jiiial phase of [he plan \vhs I
finally functioning. From these two strongholds
on East and West another Africa. n pl our more‘
incest was protected whom would click e South
Africa and aid the final victor’v of native forces
there. whole was little left lo discuss but Conlpaiiv as comments. -
nhl. kind of local iinpal‘ieilcc \vilh legalistic
solutions in colonial problems must be continue
billy kept in skilled in including multi-national
politics.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 22. I963
Page Three;
Members of liable announce
[$2 Minimum Re
To the Editor:
permits Ludwig, in a letter to
members or the ()0al las
week, announced a new topic
oi Lil'dl'glllg for dam in calls ,
pioneer'orth, a is minimum will be
charged for labor regardless or
the time required to complete
the mo, and 32 will be charged
mentioned for every hour over
the first hour. i
First he argued
than the actual time oi
an who completed
included in the cost, Hei
sites the time oi the said in
{reporting the damage. assess,
event or damage by exact ivei
‘housckecper or Evan salmon,,
preparation oi work order, asisienmcnt oi job, procurement
’,of materials, the working's time
in traveling to and from the
place, preparation or report on,
~ time and work completed. prep!
million oi a hill, and accounting
the based bill.
that more
llle
allen
it each repair job were to bc
matters in the partially demolished Union of old are exposed, in this picture lauren done as an individual ,job, this
last week. would be reasonable however,
[la working who goes out to reel
spain a damage which will take
‘him tire to ten minutes work
does not in all likelihood make
to trip downtown to buy the ma
itorials first. and other he has
I O ‘completed the job he probably
shoes on to finish live or six
u en 0v |sci
ﬁat-ea. Consequently, at the rate
‘charged, 13 do G should receiver
:to make them wait a week or‘close to $1200 for the_ hour of,
iso to invalidate the 'clectioiistllipzhe working. Cerlmnly they
There were also a low sheer-lrcpreseiit the kinds of commentstil'no of billing producing maine adults who asked about the‘ma‘ae in waste by people dis.specials, etc. for one hour olwork
matter, saying that it wouldicussing Political ahemamegoocs not take another live hours.
have been much better for stud The salmon to act Tuesday, ,. _ .5
,cents to have been studyingmight represents the considered1“51%,;‘°2,us‘”d:§‘i,,§‘njhpi§,t
W110 Casi "1956 ‘35 balloon (about than waiting their timé in solutions attitude and respect which .g ’ ‘ 5 p - . l
16 or cent of the voters) los‘ '- . _. , .‘ , 100nm, many of which are net
P P sent politics over such a who students hold iii their own 13,. . ”1 so, my h lol’i
those sympathetic to them blake‘blogs issue. The issue was not governmental course; ' I 95‘ .l‘“ - Y El
' - -- - . D cet. This does not Compare at
up a bizarre minolta on Scum ridiculous, ii for no other reasons _ y n _ _ M V.” l . [i
Campus hence, the action taken‘than that there are a substantial‘ There is new one more tl‘login ”W” y ‘3' ‘ “i pm? ‘3 ‘
by the AWS Board late that a number if people Wh0 have begnlwllicll remains to be decided; é rtoomhége" ll" a mic “IhSIEi
canyon provided quite a few‘direcuy aﬁenter by h. (i) eitheplsince there is nothing which can {so “ist written canon: inc u est
people. The inspection and the because it affected the way theatre a?“ “Welmno We‘ones‘may's qu-nl‘japan‘cent 5," 69% 0 1
trial are past history now; colored, 0,. (2) h ahead the SC_,election, Wlll something be done A e 05at the ,i‘ask of being. accused oi section of those elected to field‘bill “0’" year‘s oneﬂlion? “1‘5 Since students are charged
moraliZing. I would like to makehcc. 1 wonder when some of,“ one of the in“ “ms '9 myifol' worn door cams, old transit.
a few comments concerning those with the largest snccrslllem‘ly ”“99 Y?” M Gl'shell‘hingcs.feeling plastic, and world
them ‘last contributed actively to the when _the articulate minority furniture it requests are made;
biological situation in which~tllcylhz'5dfat‘19d_tf' maleﬂl‘églelhelllnﬁ to have these required, the ad-'
, t ,mc inc vic or on a i u wiic 1- .,oh cnmlms a minor‘its which ﬁnd ourselves' 'does not concern those things 2},‘{‘y‘5‘:§§’,‘;‘;e,$,‘,‘:; ‘eﬁlcdﬁ?dui‘§will not only complete and sign, The'fact that the dciciidaiits,,relating to the area or “that the 3,100 is [he 20 “bugs a
positions, but will also act. Of- the plaintiff. and the court tookimav be considered mobility. Bee mph the said speeds in each
‘5“ “sees °" ”‘35 campus break action upon the problem dining~store June, however, the present mom and the time required ‘Imi
down into two extremes: the‘dietary is indicating of the sense‘sGA Constitution will he he, dean'w, the john; and lounge ‘
extreme conversations who do of responsibility which Silldentsivigwed and revised: it the mi. “ ' ' l_
nothing but sit. and the extreme incl in relation to the channelsinoriiy has a calm argument, it We real that part oi the main-1
minerals who do nothing but sit of government which they them-iii rheh- responsibility to take finance duty for which we pay
and complete» In ‘between are serves have created and decor ,llle time to develop that argu. is reporting worn and broken
those people who Sit in the Sch- nizc. 1mm 50 “m the Change my furniture, door cams, etc, it
ate (a low of whom carry the _ i , . , damages are more than can bet
Test along), The mall tuesday The Comm“? M “”3” “‘0‘ be ”ns‘dead now m orde‘ m expected from wear, then there
high, demonstrated um they-women syfynpatlletlc iohtlleldcéendcypmlect everyone later. Should be an additional charge.
310 people on 11“; campus who arts ( i 0 matter \/ at he full, Marie IL Martin ,gui this should be only for they
are not members oi the senate,‘decklesi we‘ll go hv the decision‘ _ _ _
who do have strong feelings of Monday afternoon”) and of} Ed, ﬂuse: Miss Martin will 1
 
Lei'i'era i'o file editor
To the Editor:
0i the approximately 400 balloon that were cast in the primary election last Monday noon,
66 were marked for icwcr than
tour candidates. The women
' complete.
It seems that there now exists
mail“ Charge
repair at the damage itself, t
for all the other employees wi'a
will be required on the sci'.
ci w (such as mails and
act- its) regardless oi those 6
try damages,
Alter carefully expo
the damage rates -c as hip
as they are, Ludwig goes on '3
state:
“I can assure you that tlic‘
college posts money by selling"
its minimum labor rhurgc tori
(lengc repair at 32.00. iiifab',,
, if money were our 5010 ob-
receive, we would brandon all
charges ‘for damages. In the
aggregate. it would he cite
or for us to repair the dan—
ages than to input the added
costs at charging students.
“But our subject'le is not
money. Rather, t to min
mice the amount ind hcriam
class oi delicious and negi
cent damage to buildings and
furnishings. Without a finally
dial dctcrrcut we know the
situation would soon get out
of control."
We feel that this statement
is a clear challenge by the a’registration ‘to the ciiicacy out
student government which G
well advertiser in its prepare —
da sheets to prospective s‘ idea s
and foundations. ii the .
of student government is .
minister determines to for-
isihlc action on the part oi om—
er students. then only student
government should veteran
the facts relative to a put jul
unnecessary incident l’csdllili’
in damage and administer hints
accordingly.
In this hall
that the purpose or the “scale
fund which we pay as part
our fees to the college is for 1
purpose or paying damage big
Consequently her there
damage we require the indian
url or individuals involved
pay for the damage and i'
We conditions involved \
this.
we do not [a]
in
We rctusc, however, to marc—
ly administer the times oi E & 2
without any musicians consider-e
union oi the sectors involved ii
the times. it B 8: G con‘
the present policy it will be u)
to the administration to date
mine the built of indiana
and fine INDIVIDUALS and
calls,
Dibhle House Coullc'!
Pete Frank tProsidciu)
Craig Henderson
5am Grossmun
Randy banking
.Ynlm Sllndcll
Craig Welterlcn
Robert Patrick
Allen russian
 
about campus meat”, and who certain women sympathetic not become AWSB President role ,.
will do more than just sit and the plaintiff (“Won’t it he [uni losing the spring access. i
Siudenic his for enforcement of Drinking Rule
the argument that there are
those people on campus ii ho al-i
though oi legal age are hindu -l
ed by the present drinking rule,‘
Since it would be impractical
to make them an exception to‘
the rule, 1 say those who (Deli
 
=separate body, completely auto 0 Wednesdaysd am, Euchnr
famous and outside the Jurisdlv
lion oi the logo laws. Are Grin
null students so privileges that,
although we are residents oi,
iowa, we do not have to aside
by the laws enabled by the
To the Editor:
in view or the controversy
now on campus, it is impossible
[or any student to ignore the
meiiectiucnoss oi the present
drinking rule, The question or
course is what course oi action
6 Daily Oiliccsiﬁﬂﬁ a.m. and
Si. Pqul's Sflldeni Center
EPISCOPAL
O Sllllday.‘%8 mm, 1|) mm. and 4:30 pm.
a bridges—4:30 pm, mechanism
Fr. [’reply, oscar and Chaplain
iii.
0 pm.
 
legislature for the good oi all" pct-started do your drinking out
 
should be taken to End this
 
hypocrisy. I say no.‘ And .lllcrufule it would campus.
Recently a questionnaire was‘SCC'n to me there can he "0‘
calculated asking student spine colllleVEl‘ski no dcllalci lol‘ 36*
ion of a proposed change whicli‘wrdmﬁ ‘0 “‘3 10W“ law ”‘9 PEO'
would read: 'posts change in the drinking
llConsumonn or alumni rule can not be enabled.
beverages is prohibited outside‘
student rooms on the property,
or the college."
The questionairc went on to
acknowledge the fact that such
a change would conflict with
the state law which hobbies use
oi intoxiczliils' to individuals une
der the age of twenty-one. It
is however believed by the
SGA “in consultation with the
administration" that officials
would continue to look upon the
college as outside their respond
mobility.
The fact remains, however.
Therefore, there is hill one‘
course oi action which may be
taken to end the hypocrisy and;
that is strict eniorceinont of the,
present drinking rule.
There still remains, however, Carol showing
BATES
FLOWERS
normally
{lie
 
sex
WAYNE'S
STEAK
HOUSE
Down states available for parties
Good Food
‘ and
reported
Beverages
 
 
 
 
 
that Gi'lonely College is not a
e
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 22. I963
 
l
Grinnell tel' 1'0 miami‘ term
airfare oil'h cabin Vaccine
The series.
The cabin Vaccine is an essentially travelers liquid, rather
than it *shot The three (roses,
properly spaces, iminunize
still administer the first dosage aﬁfirst solid for a period of
to interested college students iapproxnnatcly [ice years, while
The location is party Gyiiiiias~‘it is usually recommended that .
cum; the time 7:OO»7‘30. A monster shots of the talk vaCA
Charge of 3.25 will be made. line be administered yearly.
Two sun extent designs will 130‘ interested students should
editing crew later in the spring, Sign up with house treatments
local physicians are co.
in a campaign to ad.
the cabin 0"] solid
line to residents oi GimnCIl.
Thursday evening they
‘again at a charge of $.25 mind come to party between 7:00
' l
‘ l
o
:somalia, View a volume of exchange by Giovanni fitness, Italian architect. Standing
is Robert McMillan (art).
prince/I Gets Complete Set of
One of a few complete sets
of exchange by an italian armor
fact-artist, Giovanni Battista
Piranesi, has been presented to
Grinnell College.
”The college is indeed forth-i
note to have a virtually comes
piece collection of the exchange
by one of the great italian masters of the 18th century," robert w. McMillan, chairman oi
the art department, said.
“Artists such as Piranesi provided the most thorough delhi'active material reasonable to
satisfy the zealand interest and
needs of scholars, technological,.
and architects," he added as hot
described the newest additions
10 the permanent art Collection
at the college,
This Volume oi 77 prints. '
closing the two famous “Fri
on” and "Antiques of Rom
series, was given to the college
by Mrs. John F Murphy of
Santa Barbara, aiir., and her
daughter, Mrs Elizabeth R. Ca
her oi halo Alto, valid., in mere
try or Mr, Murphy, a listen-l
twisted architect and a members
oi the Grinnell class oi 1910.
with others of his time.
‘Piranesi. an applying architect
who turned to art in a time
when the struggle for per‘specs
total knowledge and procedure
was complete, used perspective
to attack emotional impact,
“The ‘Prison' series, perhaps
 
‘is
overwhelmed. by mystery anti
vast insulin spaces of his own
creation" he continued. “The
business of space is comment-t
catch by. means ol placement or}
figures, prisioncrs and goal'ds,‘
within the structures." i
the best known, contains 16
exchange of Vast interests pictures in Complex perspective."
McMillan Continued.
nGrcat peers certain monte
mental inches through which
one sees galleries, colonnades,
state-ways, great teams, leaders,
racks. and chains intersectingivalucd at nearly $6,000, provide
and defining architectural in- the most perfect record bit
terror that never existed, except Pirancsi's time or the antiques}
in the imagination of the artist.”,of Rome, “Théy are one man'si
Piranesi, who was born nearlrccord oi nostalgic activation‘
Venice, grew up in that unique’of the great rules of the ‘glow-l
city during a period or great
ious past' in an era innocent to‘
engineering enterprises of the engage in documented ascii—
donald. “The documented scaleitectural enterprises" McMillan
of this engagement oi great 7 ‘
file—driving machines and small
men against the sea is looked
upon as an important formation
element or the artist," McMillan
lid.
’ in
Other prints in this voliiine,l
Northwestern 103
Texas
the ‘prison‘
nominated, in
series.
last
man
he is
 
 
DANISH MAID BAKERY
HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue
(lose, or :i total of $75 for the and 7:30.
‘master county' basis NoWOp;
residents interested in pop-tier on the basis of academic Com—
rating in the “master County defence, training in the social
research project” this summonsciences and research interests.
should contact one oi the for-l preference is given to junior ,
losing faculty members as soon but sophomores or send rs may
as possible: Vladimir Duprc also be chosen. The positions for
(psychology), Alan Jones (his- students are salaries. The pro]tony), canyon Knopf (econom-‘act is composed of both faculty
its). or Paul Smith (political‘and students and is concerned
sciences with public policy formation at
Selections are made primarily ithe community level.
Piranesi E tc/rings
said. ‘cant works or art,
Some oi the exchange in (110' Currently this volume is the
volume will remain in a studyiieatured exhibit at the showing
collection and others still being “Recent units and acquire—
hung in the various huildingsitions," in the Schaciier Gallery
on campus, where they will be—,in the Fine Arts Center at the
come a part of the evcrydainollege. This exhibit will conexposure oi students to signing- since through March 29.
 
i. now open .t i|l new iii-sun |options—across min ﬂu sin-iii.
I963 CYCLONE
IS NOW ON SALE—SEE YOUR HALL SALESMAN
MEARS—party meters
MAIN—Pain Clay
CLEVELAND—Garcia naughty
JAMES—carb peterson
HAINES—Andy Hand
READ—Johnnie Ruth Edmondson
LOOSE—Sue Loomis and Penny gender
SPANISH HO USE—Lu
EA$1’—EllicilI career
WEST—Jim Roberts
COWLES—George Buck
DIBBLE—John Tegef
CLARK—Jim Hatfield
Urquidi
GERMAN HOUSE—Gregory face
GATES—Ira Dubitsky
RAWSON—Pefe Sfcben
LANGAN—steve puzzles
SMITH—Jay butler
NORTH—Bill peterson
SOUTH—John Moore
at Anyone having pictures suitable for use in THE CYCLONE contact Dick Wedemeyer. Ext. 514. $.75 will be paid for each pic- *
Sales W'II End March 25
sure used.
 
Frlclay, March 22. I963
Dr. hello May:
SCARLET AND BLACK
proud Misinterprei‘ed serious
By Lynn Dcnzlcr
s & 13 News Editor
In his final Gates lecture last‘
own sell-knowledge. He spoke
ﬁrss of the old blind mall, Te
who linear‘ the truth con-
re his, .
serious parents.
ot one‘s consciousness to know
who and what he is is default,
but it has the virtue in which
man becomes a human being.
Page Five
TUCS‘W DY» R0110 may “’0‘“ “lung up The struggle results in grace to
on the subject, “serious ilndl “Tcl‘esms plays the iolc
tthroblemoi SclHKnowlcdge.”rpsychoanalyst who leads the
and on the role ot myth in the‘pllgrlmagc to find many‘little
modem \world- ‘about himself He can gain in—
--Myth is a bridge between‘sight it not over-zllld'ztclild by
the subject oi experience and‘cxtiancous details, ht. sat. u
the objective world,” he said. On the other hand, the bio i-
~~It is the quintessencc oi 6» er and \Kle, Jocasta, who susperiencc. True bytes carry the posts the horrible truth, titles
ultimate meaning that illumi. serious not to worry abouthhc
rates for us eternal truth.” inner problems or truthL cshe
To illustrate his concepts on is the voice or ddillslllllerlwosl‘l‘
myth, May travel the story or dance May continued,‘ “my
serious, as it was told by‘ingiol the acceptancco i t y
Sophocles and than related his‘without. relation to “'llll‘l»
. basis
own ideas on the psychological limcnl ls exﬂe and
interpretations,
"The serious story
in proud and is present
in other schools as well," he
said But in the new areas of.
"The pllhis
thus the tragedy its
reaches
dark mail [ears osll’acids
(him loss of power.
constructed 1. ll 6
a drama
“(#an
even more
Sophocles
thought, analysis drivers from drama oi. IOedipus‘ as
that of proud, who, according of I’CCOl‘lClllilllOn, relay spoke of
to May, regards the arabic side‘this as a “coming through to
of myth. self knowledge.” Al: the conclu-
“proud’s view is close to the sign of me play, serious has
truth, but there is an error installed not only true insight, but,
interpretation." he said. in did— majority “He has the power to
facing with proud, May regards impact grace because, he has
serious as a struggle in the gone through the emotional and
self-consciousness with daily,;spiritual strengths which mean
rather than with sex. This or gs‘material," said May. “if he has
one in contact with the existed-leouragc to face his ownvprobr
analyst who is concerned withllcms, he has the expansion of
man's struggle with truth about consciousness to understand file
himself. low men." _
In discussing the events of, Thus the last emphasis one
the serious drama, May was can gain concerning his own
trying to determine what the self-knowledge and the myth is
work could tell man about his the ideal or love. “The struggle
 
NOW THAT WE HAVE
YOUR UNDIVIDED ATTENTlON
Complete Greeting Card Line
with
the
others and recommendation
self Love is able to be
lrmlh and pain of life."
‘EncrlunEFWilh
life Necessary
for Creativity
By John gulf ‘
Asst. News Editor
“Most studies of the psychol-‘
is the full circle. while is a symbolic ogy of creativity have been )1—
adequate,” stated Dr. hello May,
in his second Gates lecture last}
Monday morning in service,
Chapel The topic ot this leciul‘el
was "Creativity and Encoulliclx”:
According to Dr. May, panel
studies of creativity have stress‘
cd the individual, and therefore,
not enough emphasis has teens
put on instructions l
May put north a th ~v based
on his [Ellis with areas “Cr r
ability," he explained, evolves}
from an encounter. Something,
is born that did not exist be,
more.” ‘
l A serious error in the pay-‘
biology of creativity, said May,
,has been the attempt to ﬁnfl
something in an artist that dsl
‘transferred to his work, instead,l
the investigator should seek to,
under-stand both the intervals
and external polls oi encounter.
reporting from the main
topic slightly, May maintained
that today’s emphasis on tech-,‘
diane is sporting the “creativity
ot spirit," lie mentioned that it
this country e -cr underestimates
its posts and artists, it will have
taken the just step toward code
ing its scientists.
Today, May assisted, we let
technique stand between us and
the encounter; we let boobs and
missions keep us from a direct:
encounter with like.
Creativity involves passion as,
well as talent, May processed.
Many or i‘okay’s artists are (air
enter but lack the spare of pas-
sroh
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
:'\ Peirce. _Corp volunteer, teaching chemistry and [girls
kitty in a Bible, british Honduras. high school, helps It
laboratory student analyze the contents of a (est tube.
Peace Corps Exam ls March 23; 3
Applicants Need Questionnaire i
Non-competitive placement bring a completed questiollmin
tests for Peace Corps colin- to contest site with them
tears will be given in 523 cities Questionnaires may be ob.
across the nation on Saturday, gained team campus Peace
March 23. Corps madison officers or from
Many college students will be any post other.
oi? campus for Spring macro More than 5,000 successful
tions, and hence Corps specials applicants are now assigned to'
hope the 'de universal of test- 50 countries in Asia, Ailica and
law locations will make exams Latin America,
available to Peace Corps apply. The niiinlicr or Volunteers
cents wherever they are. has increased 73 percent (from The tests will begin at 3-30 22,816 to 5,009) since last June
a.m._ at designated vs, c il 30. The Peace Corps expects W
Service Commission testing assign 4,000 more Volunteers by
centers On~call1>us testing the end of this year.
,sites will not be used except in All applicants must he us.
illslallccs designated by civil citizens who are at least 13
Service. years or age. There is no upper
To be eligible to take the age limit. Married couples \titled
exam, candidates must have out dependent children may
either submitted abuﬁtionndirc serve it they both quality Io:
w the Peace Corps, or must the same overseas project.
solid‘icel WOrkshop village W
intended by Four Freshmen
 
. . ‘
Because passion is important, A student delegation oi fourlvolved in the process or let'
to creativity, May allocated freshmen and a faculty advisor nation will be led by point al
reading or writing M (he times will represent Grinnell at the scientists, legislature, lobbyists,
VARSITY
 
 
NORTH CAMPUS
S OUTH CAMPUS
both agencies are served by
IOWA CLEANERS
Specify us by name for
quality service or less cost.
 
or most intense intellectual few'»:annex1 workshop of the 1mm
for. An encounter should semester for Education in Politics,
powerful enough to manually next Monday and Tuesday in
shake a person, explained MBY-‘Des points
Margaret prefer, Meals, and
1 John Black, West morris, ot the
‘ PATRONlZE EEK?I{§:::Il),lilci::rs,m:llld 3’:
YOUR - cohen Johnson, liable, of the
ADVERTISERS
tYoung Democrats Club, will at.
send the workshop. c. admin
:Gilmour (poll. sci), director or
:the Program in Practical lolita—
,cal Education, will according
‘isle group as advisor.
The theme or the workshop
,will he “Politics and the LegiSr
llative Process." The workshop
see ons on Monday, March 25,
will be held at brake University.
:Discussions oi the factors in-
103
0
Northwestern
Miami
 
 
SALES . REPAIR t. RENTAL
it Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
* series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKE
* * * it
, SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March Book Covers
School and harry Supplies
M' everything .
GRENNELL OFFEQE SdﬁPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFlC-E
 
 
_newsmcn, and state leaders of
,both political parties. On Tues<
day, March 26, the students and
providers will visit the iowa Gen.
‘el'al Assembly, receiving both
it o u s o s, attending committee
meetings, and talking with in.
,divided] legislature and lobby—
inter
Transportation lodging, and
meals for the Grinnell delegation
will be paid for by the presented for Education in solid
Poetry and Story
,‘Deadline is April 8
The deadline for transcripts
submitted for consideration in
,il-le cleaner short story and
,Whitcomb poetry competition
:has been announced as April 2.
,The prizes are $60 and $100, re—
relatively. consultants should
submit their work types and in
‘triplicate to Mr. cleaner,
Students international
Travel Association
Join the 10th
Hawall Study Tour
June 21 through August 2
includes study Period, Al‘s
communications. Social Actuitics ten events-l, sightseeing.
and FUV FUN FUN.
Obtain detailed iniorrnatinn
ii-own Judy Prcisslc on l‘nmpns, or Grinncll Travel done
for. sms birth Avenue.
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 22, I963
 
Animal
Life
By edition
Smith salt launched the 1M
basketball title and won the
bowling tournament last week
to rise to second place in the
McMurray trophy race. in has»
hotmail. the “B” team edges
out watson, 50,49, and in bn\rl—‘
ing, the learn totally 2290 pins,‘
45 more than second place
Cowles,
The Smith ”A” team, which,
compared to many of the other
1M teams, had no outstanding,
individuals, won its games‘
mainly by virtue of a delicious
dutch
l luck
rates
liable
defense. The team was faced
in scoring by the for-ecourt work
of Bruce Bell, Bob Chubrleh,
and pete Kollrnan, who all av-l
framed more than it points per‘i
game, but guards urban manner
Paul bring and Chip Clarke‘
came although with key parties,
The “A” team ended with an B-Z‘
record, losing to liable in over»
time and to Clark, 1
The Smith ”B" team also woni
s of its to games, its losses be-i
ing at the hands ot Cowles and
Clark. Tire “B" learn, which re,
MAC ML‘KULAY returns LEADERS
('owle‘
Smith
died on a press and a very ef
receive press, had balanced scor—
ing, with Kirk Van Rooyan,;
John kitchen, John Montgomery,i
John Slrierholz and Jim can:
call all operating between 8
and l2 points per game.
in the basketball standings,
Clark ﬁnisl at second with a
record of 15 5. followed by le»
bee and Cowles.
The 1M bowling meet saw
John Montgomery of Smith
come within 7 pins or the able,
time high, sandwiching a 167i
game between two 211's to ﬁne
iso with a 589 series Other,
m news \‘G i
Smith r
entries
Eric
mat anilrlile
I}
.- "we.
var, rare
Gem x» 1;ul
r
members of the mysterious Smith}
.team were Jim manuals, saudi
bring, Don district and words
Gibbs. After Cowles in the
standings came East morris and
Clark,
 
FGVA
134-328
10172750
37-203
70-211
62-134
53456
21753
12—30
12-53
7—21
2-10
G
20
20
20
20
l!)
20
15
13
15
11
5
7.
Jim Milrlin
John Srrndcll
car Smith
Dennis Asby
Kent Roger-son
Dave Sellergrcn
. Tom Bnclrlroltz
click Ulrich
slide Smith
Randy Morgan
Bari-y Anderson
tennis Hanssen
‘paul
‘Speech Wednesday in ARH.
By Jeri Knhllmm
S Sc 8 Staff Writer
Tomorrow the Grinncil indoor
track team will travel to CedarFalls to compete in the Iowa
indoor delays
The Pioneers will be running
without the full services ol Fred‘
Berg, leading springer, who \t'as‘
injured last ireekend While this‘
won't make things airy easier,
for the Pioneers. Coaclr Young:
still products a second plants‘
{irish State College or Iowat
the largest school entered. has‘
won this meet by a large mar-i
win almost every year, It is a
fairly Safe bet that this trades‘
iron will continue for at leasti
one more year, 1
Just as the Pioneer ltlnncrs‘r
probably want put too much ot,
a share into the hearts of SCI,
monsters there dress't score to,
be anyone to really threaded,
Crinnell for second place This!
is one of the few times that,
Young has not been rather per-,
domestic in his predictions. it
should be interesting to see iltRow:
“9 is ”51“» ltietl Webb. Fourth Row:
A great deal depends on this‘ﬂﬂd touch Dick ‘A’illness
will, Pete grill
'Arntlldi Mike Fox, Pete ascii'f, Toni never‘s
Rlsn Scllachci, Dare Anneberg‘, Paul being, Fred Berg. Jack Hatfield, and genuine robert, Rein Saml, Rich Rosensweig, Tom Langworthy,
!scanners to Compete in land ﬁplays,
5 _ ”K .tr .i
i The 1963 Midwest Conference Indoor Track Champions from Grinneil are as folks'one Rmv, i 10 r: Bruce keyword, Rod Brown, Jeri Lang'hello, Paul batteries, Bob
, Bill Mornin, and John Edgren. Second Row: Andy Goldstein, Fred
plain button, and John Russell. shirt
 
three relay races, as a first in
them is worth ten points, The
scoring in the individual evening
awards live points to the win-t
her. The Pioneers will enter‘i
batteries, Pete brand.‘
, _ , Freshman and variety awards
3““ dec‘w‘d’ and 3““ Lang‘1will go to 53 Grinnell College
harm in the twenlyicur lap I‘E- basketball, streaming, and tyreslay Tire wesley relay team can» thing team members, John
,posts oi Berg, John Edgren, TomiPIltseh, director of lntercollegi- MacKiiiglit and Will Van force
Deberg, and Langham The team late athletics, announced Mori-
of Langlram, Edgren, seeker-d,‘ 3’"
. These to include five seniors,
and Berg will compete in the penny Ash), Kent ceremony
twelve lap race.
iCpr Smith (basketball), and
v.
Winter Sports Awards to 53
Tom Ettchholiz, Jim Mifllin,
Randy Morgan, Kent anderson,
Also named were John Sun-‘Dave Seller-grey, slide Snritli,
ideal and Jim Mifthn, and clear Smith, John Sundcll, and
-Dick Ulrich,
Swimming Jirn sherman,
Jim Cross, Palmer Hart], Ralph
Jim Cross and
‘ (swimming).
John Tegct
yea-contains for
next year's was
ketball and wrestling teams, respectively. iii-ay, Howard Schein, and John
The variety letter-winners: =reset,
Basketball 7 Dennis Asby,i wrestling
Caiodney,
 
,tried Hits McCarran Act
covering charges against the‘a continue of the act, assessing
McCarran Act and the Houselthat the law, while supporting
UneAmerican Activities Commit—‘to require inst registration, in
tee, Richard bailey, who has fact makes it impossible for the
been called before the Senate organizations in question to exist
internal Security Committee at all and villages the ﬁrss and
three times and before the ﬁftp amendments.
HUAC twice, discussed “ﬂu-Ml} Reviewing organizations which
the MC_warren Act and Dem06~‘eur-i-entry have cases pending.
race" m an NSA sponsored including the Mine, Mill and
shelter Workers Union, harley
bailey, secretary or the Chi— stated that “Parallelism ,of
mg, Committee to Defend the'VlEWS” is the main criterion
B,“ of Rights, warned age“music in making investments. Ad—
me govgmmemrs assumption of value, a student organization
new powers increasing civil '77
libraries and the possibility or,
a “heavy handed dictatorship of
the right," but concluded will]
an optimistic appraisal of the
possibility for the repeat or revised oi the McCarran Act.
_ Len
Al overnight,
Larry Miller,,
and Will Van
fKen planner,
Morgan Michel,
Art through,
force.
The lreshrnan
,news:
Basketball — Phil books, Jettwinch has stood for banking or pray, A_ J Hand, Gordon wins
nuclear testing, non—intervention Read. 3,11 Landsbcrg, 5am Lu.
in Cuba and the repeat ol the my penny Macdonald, Terry
McCarran and Smith Acts, is Maynam, A1 metal-501m Ted pig.
another group cited by_the player, Mike Stollcr. Dave Syne
corner general. said bailey. ‘horse, and Stephen Woolpert.
Changes in the composition of Swimming _ Roger ~theatre Supreme Court and the death, Pete Barry, Eric Jacob»
‘House of Representatives, where son, John iraqi, Jeri Lewis,»
,“two to so representatives now Dave Lundberg, Hugh Penningtoppose liUAc with varying doe ton, and Tom Poster.
green of Consistency,” and an Wrestling — Bill Barnes, Jirn
advertising awareness or the Holzrnger, Kris cash, Larry
‘public are the basis of bailey's members, John norman, Dan
hope for- repeat, ,raising. Ken Strublcrr Gary
i ‘,VViisOn, and Keith dolls.
numeralewine
elections arranged. full
Ralph. Ext. 451
 
r
In conjunction with the our—t
rent McCarran Act campaign on‘
 
the Grinnell Campus, Cl'lley gave
.i Planning A
‘ Purl-y?
PF TI' AVG
4.5 39’!
66 274
40 197
37 179
25 138
39 123
7 45
7 33
11 28
8 19
l
1
FT-A REE
12971ﬁ3 138
66-118 306
25-45 107
38757 81
14-24
17727
3-4
9—2
19.: ,
Hungry for good
naked goods?
Order cakes. cookies.
and salaries from
0
2
G
0
‘eiw‘q'min'a'ni-‘box
 
 
accounting 'l'
guitar player in Cowles Hall.
Lloyd Fri'l'zmeier
jan/big
locally
SAD/9
923 Broad Sf.
he rhirreenrh
 
 
 
PhRT ES
We give special relief +0 Col-i
legs ourﬁes.
Compare Wiih Saga
Ahrvuno's Tel. 236-6222
 
 
 
 
Friday. Marc‘h 22. I963 SCARLET AND BLACK
 
 
:Tips for Foreign Tour filters? 5’ ﬁll/3W5}
Karen Adkiiison are usually broke." and can he produced before dos
5&1} Feature Editor Warm logged clothes, a sheet. Daimle- The ﬁnest name in cosmetics nt
. C _ t E 9 Th chAlsleeping bag. anime, cooking “Hitchhiking is an, accepted
'0‘"! [a “FUPE- e utensils, dictionary, and tarp‘practice all over Europe even
were“ hints for “'Wélet's .by were the equipment he advised for girls. A good way to find a THARP PHARMACY
seasonal excel‘ls M a discussion for scootering An international ride is to team up with a girl i . l l ,1all.T|{65day EVEN": m ARH‘hostel card obtained from Youth because they can always find w‘e'e 3"“ 15“ 1mm“ 59““
.Mldllm‘mm- ‘Hostel, New York City, is the rides much quickly,” batteries (across train the Grinnell state Bank)
my“e 3_ Danny (physics) only assistance to most hostels said.
presented tips on camping and
touring by car smith Sternfeldv
tnrtl, who has been to Europe I /
six times, gays advice about
tears and independent travel: I I I I
t a“. log 6 _ a no try «‘ ‘ I, .
and Sue Andresen advised
WW e
 
 
about general not Mike Patr
.let'san spoke about youth hostels
mg and scootering
penny arrested the importance
or checking about needed docs—
meets such as international
i's’ license, car “passport.“
insurance. and special licenses
for particular countries, a o
conﬁrmennoum IDAViDEAeLOYD H.H.ANDERSON RICHARD L.SMiT R.Mottrt;oMEav.JR. Rotationkutzrizit EARLF.ERDWN
Europe has n “501113110“ v,M,l, SAN DIEGOST. OKLA.ST U,tFac.) U.0FMtcHlGAN TEXASTECH:COLLEGE LDRASCOLLEGE COLGATEtFac,)
for red tape. The border bus
reauerat is never earlier than
when he iineis an array of
documents which all need to .
be started. it's kind at fun '
wto watch him stamp carefully s to penny.
He Continued. “We Ilaplhened
to buy a Volkswagen which was
he same color and make as
Tulxlrh taxes. cordless to say, . ALBERGJR. v.M.McMANAMoN JOSE M. MARTINEZ
“'C “'“Md many “”1“ “5 we UrOF exit. 05er rrcrtmusr. couznoh u.
went right on by the bus stop - .
where they were waiting,"
. l America 5 hottest new
Sue Andresen noted the val sportsccrwcrnnlet
etc o! tours Open to a traveler,
today. She explained that most
days were planned and that tlte'
schedule was rigorous.
I It I
“Being with it tour, we were
always treated like Americans. I
I‘ve never had so much tried
chicken." she c 0 m m c n f. e d .
Sometimes I would want to | - get free of the here because IMPORTANT. If you hold any of the 15 Winning
we We” 50 constﬁwnusw l numbers, claim your Pontiac request LeMans Con- LAP 3
consists, but we did get to see perth’bee in accordance with the rules on the reverse WINNI'N'G
a great many or the most im- of your license plate,
contact languages. so it was ‘
\i'nl'UI being a tourist." NUMBERS
Miss Stel'nfcld emphasized the I
iced for preparation, ”16 need 20 CONSOLATION PRIZESTOO!
to decide exactly what purpose
a person was travelling for.
She advised reading up on the
countries so that rights would > 1.A483212 6.3304290 11:0426799
have some meaning and identifyﬂ If you hold a corporation Prize number you win a
“If 3 no . t - 'tl h . , h ‘ ., 2. C356895 7. A622200 12. A441621
or voaf‘xi‘n‘eo‘iﬂgnggév“(gk‘c '23:” 4sspeed Portable Hl'Fi stereo Set, The malta by
spare moments and get lost RCA Victor. Or, you may still win a request! (See 3- A052375 8.A000831 13. C741245
somewhkere. Gett' on a :tt‘EE‘LCﬂll: or official charming rules on reverse of your license 4_ (3623490 9, (2050080 14, 3443354
ms. as- ques tons o a po lee. | t I d b - - U. . .
p a e an o serve charming dates given above) 5‘ 3797115 A 10‘ 3711674 15' 3597516
man. tall: to passed-she so that
or _ _. CONSOLATION PRIZE NUMBERS!
r s to. money, American
you can get a different outlook
on the country," she said.
Tt‘ﬂtelecom' Check; it" T5“? ‘36; ‘ 4 .- ' 1.3896I22 6.3501II1 11.0501532 16. conssa
nonnnarons arc es. ry o ge .
rid 01‘ change before crossing - ,. . 212359461 7.c41says 12.n1sun2 17.A913021
‘hﬁlbcm‘degfigcf "ﬁfly th‘mfeil , , ‘ . ' acetmau B. centers 13.A151426 18.3315344‘
r. any n n is, e 65‘ place in “includes is in me: 7 women”: 9.3163108 14.n11solo 19rA1est43
safe of the hotel — even smalli . 5. A537928 10. 3468625 15. 3429004 20. 6031599
hotels have them.”
 
3 Mike l-anderson commented. l ~~ ' » ,.
“II you shorter, you avoid. . »' “ , rt
money problems because you , ‘ . ‘
GLASSES Sweepstakes for colleges only
7 More than 50 times the chance to win than if open to the general public.
Mode and impaired in
Q ammo-is to go!
Get set for the last lap. . . 20 more requests and 25 .
géﬁﬁi‘ﬁﬁf Lenses more corporation Prizes! or course, entries you‘ve al-
‘ ready submitted are still ln the running—but enteragaln
7 and improve your model And, if you haven‘t entered yet,
CASES AND NOW‘S THE TIME! All entries received before March
29th will be eligible to win one oi the 20 requests to be
SOLUTlONS awarded in Lap 4! 80 pick up an entry blank where you
buy your cigarettes. . . todayl
EYES ‘
EXCLUSIVE FOR THE GIRLS!
it you win a request you may
choose instead a traveling expense-
. E J lenses, 0"” > ' / ‘ paid2.wccknoiidayinEurope—for F'LTE "
‘ ' ‘ , '- Rs
two! Plus $500 in cash!
05mm?" ‘ Get with the winners...
Amss non non Office ' far ahead in smoking satisfaction.’
SEE THE PDNYIAC TEMPEsT AY VOUR NEARBY PoNTtAC aseuzm
EXAMINED
com . mm roccetoco
 
 
 
 
Page high‘l
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 22, I963
 
More sellers L
Ex-jcistice concerns Decision
To the visitor:
Because the Grinllell College
High Court has rendered itself
virtually innocent. 1 am accounting my designation [mm
the, position OI Justice of the
High. Court. in essence, the
High Court has decided that it
is not competent to rule in cases
of constitutionality. This is par
(regularly opportunity because
the Student Government Assoc
station Constitution says, “Only
the High Court shall have the
now-er to interview this constitution"
For the benefit oi both my
colleagues on the court and
the students of himself, i must
corporate. What do I mean
when I say, "The High Court
has decided that it is not competent to rule in cases of com
stilutionaltly"? On Tuesday ev king, March 19, the High Court
heard the case of Margaret
Martin vs. AWS Board Miss
Martin was connecting the con—
stitutionality of an election
procedure which the AWS
Board had institutes. After the
court heard the case presented
by both the plaintiff and the defendant, the court illustrated
and reached its decision. That
decision upheld the arguments
which the plaintiff, Margaret
Martin, put forth, by a vote
oi 3‘2.
When this do sign was rcaclle
ed, a {equity advisor to the
court stated that the depends
ant. the AWS Board. might
choose to contest the court den
vision by functioning the inn
bestiality oi at least one of the
High Court members, He noted
that one member of the AWS
Board had suggested this possibility to him, Immediately, the
court members
ollcd in an attempt to
impartiality, but they could
reach no consensus. One mom»
her‘ said that impartiality is an
absolute term; another said that
no court member can be important it he has heard any argue
plants presented outside of the
countries; a third said that nine
bestiality simply is a conscious
effort to keep an open lined
during the court proceedings.
And so the court members hurt
ed definitions back and forth at
one another for an hour.
But the integrity of the court
had been challenged. Ther-store,
each court member was asked
to state whether or not he
could render a disinterested
judgment, When the two wo~
nice members were called upon
Abilene High
Texas
40
D
HOUSEPARENT Unique
opportunity for years learn.
ing about how psychological
and social science knowledge
can bc translated into growth
for 18 bright but disturbed
children. Interracial state oi
20 adults, 3 ct them with
professional training, .vc- s oi
experience. Residential treat—
nncnt role oi Houscaarcnt includes childhood and environ—
mental treatment i-esnonsib its for form group of 6 ch .
drew, 3% days work week,
45-50 lion s. 1 month paid van
nation. lrrservicc _training
supervision by social group
worker, 1/; any weekly send—
colonial buildings. in minutes
years with noted child pay»
cliiatrist, 30 acres at woods,
from Chicago, Children participate in activity oi sun
mounting community. Positions
opening in summer for col.
legs graduates who have
goals of graduate study in so.
dial work ,clinical psychology,
special education .the mail'
try. Start at $250 mo. pi i
F. R. King. ltidgc blind, all
room. board. I’l‘el‘cr impli—
wants from midwest colleges.
iii Old Mill Rd., Lake Forest,
 
 
became setup-,
define
to state their impartiality, problems arise which the court was,
not able to overcome. Clcarlyl
the decision oi the High Court
would albert every woman at
lGrinncll. Could either woman:
on the court, then, be if inter-i
catch‘>\ Furthermore, discussions;
on the issue had permitted the
quadrangle. Could either wa—
man say that she had located
hearing all such discussions7
Ultimately, both women sustained because their integrity
had been questioned, and heicause they could not forestry
answer “yes" to either of the
above questions. Because both
women sustained, the original
decision oi the High Court was
reserved, and the defendant
won by a vote oi 271.
ii the High Court continues to
proceed according to the policy
which determined the outcome
of the case of Margaret Martin
vs. AWS Board, it will no longer bo able to decide in cases of
constitutionality. if ever a pro—
vision in the Men’s House
Rules is questioned, the men on
the court must disability (ourselves because they will be up,
looked by the decision that tbcyi
make. Or if a law passed by the;
accident Senate is questioncdn
all of the court members mllsli
disability themselves, because‘,
illtcy will be affected by the dc»
‘vision that they make Since‘
four court members complete a
‘will
thlllbers
:serves when they are asked to
[union of more Colonialism ls
quorum, the court will bc un—
able lo act.
The court has involved in an
» elegant abstracts. There
no such thing as the kind of
impartiality which the court
member. have been seeking.
since each court member lives
within the system he is being
asked to judge, he, cannon possibly be absolutely important
All that can be expected of any
court member is that be honest
1y try to hear both sides oi
every case.
Quite candidly, i do not think
that, in the future, the court
proceed according to its
policy ot Tuesday, March l9, I
do not think that men court
will disability them—
judge the constitutionality of a
Men’s House Rule, i do not
think that women court members
will disability themselves when
they are asked to Judge the Con-
sliltllion provision:
think that all
I do
court
asked to
of
this
they are
constitutionality
apartment. But
co
agent abstracts it is so extras—
agent an abs its that it
jersey the oi «incl dec‘ ion of
the case of Margaret Mar-tin vs.
the AWS Board,
Nancy Lee Norton
.1
lime.
Applications Now Being Accepted
.for Speaker-of-the-senate Post
By Richard Olilemeyet
S & B Staff Writer
Applications for the position
of speaker of the senate are
‘now being accepted by Terry
‘Parssinen, interested persons
:should contact inn before beds
nasdaq.
An additional approximately
was granted to the
Student Association for its Mc-‘
warren Act education prior rn.
Part of this money is being
,used to bring pro and
speakers for a series of your‘
:coﬁ'ee hours. Two faculty
members and Several
are conducting a coffee hour lo-"
:day at a pm in counter lounge. l
Monday, Albert wayne will
speak in favor of the act a! 3:45.
in Alumni meditation Hall and
sodium, rebates on the act are
scheduled for Monday house
meetings.
is‘
,stitutionahty of an AWS Con-‘
not.
members‘
will sexuality themselves ll'her‘
judge the;
related
thcl
art has involved in an extras-t
re- 1
students ‘
The appointment of taylor
distant Student Auditor was 3150
approved, as was that of aaron
of Budgets.
contributions.
Nominations
:McCarran study Group to Meet ’
A delegation from the McCar—
rare Act Study Group, led by
Dan Fl'ictllalldcr, topics fresh—
man, is attending a right-wing
rally at HoytShcrinan Audilo-‘
river in Des points tonight, at
which General admin A. gallery
‘amd Dr. Billy James harris will
be the featured speakers.
Transportation for the group
will be furnished by the Program in Practical Political Education, and C, admin Gilmour
tpcli. sci), PPPE director. will
,according the students,
The meeting, one or a series
of coast.to.coast replies, has been
filled as “Operation Midnight
Pride,” inspired by “the midnight Toynbee says (h
to alert to see
ride of Paul severe.
National Uinbarger to the position of As-‘
lives No More
A Poem To The Union
The union old is now, no more
alive:
Instead two movements,
the cycsorc arrive,
not
Its variety stuccocd walls are
white; the trim
Around the windows grey. The
prospect grid
details the eye when first you
one the door
Fluorescent lights and showing
chrome yet more
divorce the feeling that
you remain
if
A nurse will lead you home
to the inside.
Where is the salmon trim. the
walls Df brown?
Where the beaches
with lucky down?
Where is the wall with script,
“It's nursing, Jack"?
Where the dance ﬂfor ﬁlled
with shadows black?
“’here is the home of pros:
those rooms upstairs?
tThe only place the god could
have his inns)
Where? Gone. The trucks are
taking them away.
The tears that mark their end
proposals now
And more will come for all the
people know:
These things that mean
much can never be
I \there the only law and rule
i is charts
iToynbee Sees
fluﬁ‘ed
i
so
n fri Works
Visiting Heath professor Arn—
gold Toynbee spoke at the Fine
terms Lecture last Wednesday
tin Roberts Theatre, His subiiect concerned, “The Signifticance oi Culture and its Styles
‘for the victorian,”
Toynbee stated that the
is not interested in
its intrinsic value as a
i Dr.
thislorian
part for
caroline Snﬁlet to the Committee work. but rather its value as a
and human document in history,
1 “The victorian makes the his
typical approach — as a human
being — for his own role in
history and as a victorian uses
it for his own purpose."
By receiving works of art,
at man is able
and understand human
his countrymen of the enemylal'falls and how they appear as
within and without."
General Wa e, designed mi
star-y officer a estcd for martin
nation in the University of Mississippi integration roots, will
speak on ”The
Threat, international" Dr. car—
his, founder-
Christian trustee, will
Communist ‘
movements in time.
northwest‘era advisor
on Campus Wednesday
There will be a representative
on "The Communist Threat, ln-i’P‘JSE Df talking “'“h Students
normally,"
 
ATMOSPHERE
 
MAKE A DATE WITH
A STEAK TONIGHT
ENJOY THE FlNEST FOOD AND
LGNGHORN .
IN GRINNELL
 
i
i
interested in their M.A.T.
gray. He will also talk
any seniors interested
career in teaching.
pro-
\v itli
ill a
Appointments should be made
in room 102 oi Carnegie. He
will be available from 1:30 PM.
through the afternoon.
Human Hisl'try‘
Toynbee Topic
aloiiialism in Rctrosps
will be the subject of Dr. katie
,old J, Toynbcc's public lecture
tax Crinnell College on Monday
.at a pm. in service chapel,
i This will be the first oi three
evening lectures to be given
there by Toynbec, who is Heath
:visiting professor of history at
tGrinnell this semester The
notices two will be Tuesday.
iApril 9, and Monday, May l3,
{both also at 8 pm. in service
[chapeL
The three are part oi a series
giving during his stay in Grinoi 11 public lectures Toynbec is
rich Four others remain on the
Monday morning schedule _
April 15. 22, and 29, and May 6
all at it am, in service
‘chapel
reality of India
in Film ‘Karma’
Karma, a documentary ﬁlm
on india, will be shown Sunday
at 7:30 pm. in ARH Auditorium,
Monday at 4:15 pm in nursing
Library Viewing- Room. and
‘again at 7:30 pm. Tuesday in
the Science Lecture Room (Rm.
125).
This is a “cultural shock"
film, which concentrates on the
more depression aspects of Inldian life. Some of the comments
on this ﬁlm are as follows:
“Completely realistic." “Great
‘impactinew awareness of their
problems. especially the need
ltor education " “A real shopper,
but you get a feeling of facility."
“Discouraging? Hell, no! It's a
ichallengel if we can't face the
‘facts—we had better stay corner"
“For young Peace Corps people 1 think this is excellent for
llhem—it shows them the are-
'vendors job to be done."
‘Flying Band'
{in Give Concert
.in party Gym
-‘ One of the nation’s forecast
'military bands will present a
free public concert tomorrow
from 3 to 4:30 pm. in party
iSyrn.
‘t The noepiece "Flying Band" oi
)the Us, Air Force's Strategic
Air Command will be under the
,direction of Capt, german H,
,Vincent, a 12-year Air Force get—
iran and former principal trust
peter with the Wichita Syn‘r
iphony,
; Holder of a Master's degree in
generic from Louisiana State University, he has done graduate
work at the Jllllinrd Conserva—
and director opoi Northwestern University on,tony
Speak} campus Wednesday for the our-
Capt, Vincent held positions
as hand superb-isor oi the USAF
in Europe, Continental Air
Command and Air University
commands before assuming the
,SAC post,
The free concert is being ca»
sponsored by the College and
the 255th Air Force ROTC Car
get equation of Grinnell
 
Don'l' be
a shaggy
dog spring vacations!
Be clean cut when you get home.
Get yourself a haircut from
LARRY'S
nnnnn SHOP
Basement location under the Rexnll bookstore
 
 
