- . liberal Socief ,inches’era +0
WaI/{er Named Assoaate Dean‘PresenrAmuayl Show Sunday
l
The appointment of dildo S science and doctor of pllllosopllyl
Walker to the newly created,degrees from the state knives’sl
position ol a.~-eeialc dean ol"Slty ot lows.
the college was announced to.r .
“my by “05,de HOW“, R.‘ Dr, women said the new pos
dildo S. Walker
 
Vol. LXX
Wednesday night, a t t c i‘large
healthy debate, the Student cents
Senate passed a liquid‘rbyrthe-lschool
room bill. Proposed changes in‘
rlhe Men's and Women's House
Rules were also voted on, and
these measures passed with low
complications The most heated
discussion involved the
ing rule,
’3‘
' ‘orchestra ,will present its annual The Magniticat, composed in
spring concert Sunday night ln,the 1760's by italian Classic -t
r
, itorhashcc ~pdt “-lr . .
Bo\\all. U‘w‘ at,m,ms,‘,‘affv°: foaduoczgs'é: . ltwo motor work the “Magnifi- annual Passion Sunday program
W——~ in the Ahhey of Einsrcdein,
. r .
mu... r. r. Musm Rentals , . d h _, d
and will retain his teaching porn“ *- llumpels, max_e c on, an_ a
quarter el consists. The consists,
Walker, 32, will begin his ncwrsludcnt services, public prints, , , . , ,5 m the mom. or presented William Moi-am. minor, and Craig
duties August 15. A native stand matters relating to the our-l , ‘ , . _ -several student recitals as part seller'lt-rlr bass
r . .. . .
. . Ma 9, featured cards eau hair. all‘awnsky said, This symphony
named the Grinnell small Ill Sepr‘well’s liclwcerrscm -her-s interim Katya“ Johnson, Ann Hogairsonl
member str 1955 as an instructor session and admtnlsi tion of [hot
,SN“ Jumhacg some,” phone Orcestra on the occasion.
Wednesday nights rccrlal pro- ‘of los fllllelh anniversary‘” The
least at piano and harpsrcord “M and News a full I“ '
,und, pray, consists, organisms for Sunday nights per—
: The final decimal is scheduled formation Wlll be Clem naughty
[or he. Wednesday evening at‘and plans Slel‘nbel'g8 in Roberts Theatre No tickets‘. The floral Society, composed
,are required for attendance. Thcloi interested students and townsprogram will feature Allenelpcople. ls under the direction at
. . . . . lFr-ahrn. cells, with car-carbon Jones, and for this occasion
older’l College Newspaper Wesf of fire mississippi
No. 30 berg, piano tourist. by James Yannatos
this summer. These slut
information about Grinnell
sherman closed his remarks by
an cmincnt authority on theoHHcrilck Chapel at it pm. hours-lchonge of views on philosophy
logo will deliver principal Comslday. June a. and history at :1 10 am. session
lstudent Ices next semester
printer June 5 and 7. lone of the world’s forecast his- awarded at [he announcement
Dr. George A. Buttrick, (lee‘tori'dns. will deliver the conferences at which 235 Grin.
S‘ludenl' congo
Society, along with the college vinsky's “Symphony of Psalms.”
, a pm. the concert will teatureiformed for many years as the
pool'issue' or blogs will cleveland the increasing range or rtsl ". “mg orchestra with sms and
1010b) Ed "”Spms'b‘mm ”mm m > The college music department soprano, Julia chapter-ton, also.
or Upper low-a Urr' el ray, he also he responsible for c,.,,,_ ~festival. The first decimal, held plans of Psalms in 1930. Igor
and Sheila K033“, Wm; andldedicaled tn the Boston Syme
97111116“ College “m. Am rosa"...n We for urge orchaslrewlllrout
lclco naughty and Carol Bowv‘charles. and two plants. The
land harpsicord. and trade Stern. The program will .he conducted
U b "1 R P
quor y e com asset,
seniors and give them
A worldefamous victorian andlfol' hrs baccalaureate address in scheduled to engage in an inter—
lsenatc to pass a 510 increase in
the Grinneil College carnpusrvisitrng professor or history and pour contrary degree; will be
Am“ “her “”"35' ”‘c Pm‘ serves as prove or or breathing symposium at 2 D p.m. Friday..for bachelor of arts degrees.
based drinking rule states that
at current theoretical Seminar
June 7. using “On Living vital
students “are prohibited from
consumption or possession in
The Grinncll College floral cat" by Sammartrni, and all‘a»
Roberts Theatre, Beginning at Giovanni Sarnrnartini, was perl "d the- ld . t .
owen s \ r cr assistant,e by the growth oi the colleges Switzerland. The work )3 set [or
. J a .
section in the department ol He said walker will he assign. .; , End Next week a“ students, are Gm, term,
gazette, korea, and a graduatcrrrculum ol the college He will ‘0! the mmMHong blue xml 1‘11“ dad‘cam“ 0‘ ”‘0 gym‘
composed to the glory ot GOD is
in biology. He holds master ofljumol' liberal arts cvanrrnatron. ‘
scratch Julia Johnson, soprano work. m three parish is Will H
,naughty accompanied at franklin ,joined by the college choir.
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday, May I7, 1963
m“ “"3“ “"6 ”lghfommencement MEk SpBEC/TES
saying that he would ask the
placement week addresses on; Dr Arnold J, Toynbec, beach,in Roberts Theatre Friday.
theoretical scholar who local nrencement address in party “all senior-5 Wm be candidates
ls Wednesday
Evanslon. 11]., will use "Faitthne's profiles” as his subject. ‘l
and Knowledge” as the subject The two speakers are also
In addition to Dr. Buttrick,
who will receive the corporate
of division (D.D.). and. Dr. Toyn-
open containers of alcoholic
beverages outside student rooms
on the property of the college,
and at all campus college functions." The rule also notes that
“only individuals can be fixed,“
Jack sherman, SGA press—
dont reported that President
women will present a “student
life report" Wednesday in service chapel. Apparently, this re:
port or studenlsfaculty become
conditions Will be outlined by
Doctor women and will be the
basis for the rules of the college
next year.
According to sherman, a
number of lreshmcn and sophoparticipate
ambassador service for the col-
moves will in an
 
A student corporation will
be held next Wednesday in
service Chapel at 11 n.m. at
which time Grinnell President
Howard it. women will dis
cuts the report of the elevenmemher faculty committee on
student like.
Tire report deferred penalties
for violation of rules, examines
the college rules, and record—
minds a procedure for ltrrthcr
rule changes.
According to SGA President
Jack sherman, “The impact of ,
this report is significant, since
these recommendations
probably
next year."
will
illtu (5”ch [01‘
go
.bee, who will be awarded the
,corporate of humans letters
,(L.H,D.), contrary degrees will
he concerned upon cornell
alumni Arthur J. Jones, Swarthmore, Pm, who was graduated
in 1393, and 1. Hawthorne grey.
,wellington, Md, 3 member of
,the Class of 1928. Both \\'ill receive LLD's.
Dr. Blltti‘ice. a native prison
land educated in E ’wish schools,
has done all of his lonnal ministry and t’machine in the United
states, beginning with a breach—
ing charge in Quincy, Ill, in
‘1915, He has taught a! Harvard
diversity and Union theoretical seminars prior to his present appointment, has written
Widely on religious subjects. is
a world traveler and lectures,
and has been in heavy demand
announcement
lContinned to page 8
 
 
George A. Buttrick
Arnold J. 'l'oyzlliee
College Add: (flat/did, Dean, Eight faculty Member:
Grinnell will add eight members to its racrrlty and state [or
the 1963-64 school year. press—
sent Howard R women announced this week,
in addition to Miss Jean Slocum. dean or women, and Roger
L. Eldridge. college chaplain
and instructor ot philosophy
and religion, previously an.
founded in the charles and
Black, the new faculty members
’rr'all be L’cryl E. slots'click, assu—
cents professor- ol ph . John
M Clo (t,
llllrsor ol' .
Alldl’eu‘ (Q plane .il“<tzlllt DH)l-sscr or history Charles J
Cntlk. instructor in per s,
Mi.» Donna Oshcl, m lr-sector in;
Spanish The new s tit mom—
her is Miss null Breekert, admissions connector,
Beryl Clotlelter received his
13.5. dcgrcc lroru Dklzlllomzl‘
Baptist server-site and his M.s.l
lallgtt "as
 
l Amcl still
and Ph D degrees in physics and
math iron: the Uillvtl ty at
Oklahoma, He comes to (vl’lnllell
llom Oklzlhumil haiti. Ulllvcr—
stay where he has served as a
,Jl‘alcohol’ 0i pllyslc:
Clollcltcl’ i A member of lllt‘,
Plly ll society, the
American Asxocllttmll 01 all) pcs
l‘ .cllc . tllf‘ Amelltdll As (’lcd'
Hon for lllu AKl'i'ElIlLL’HlCIll OI
Science. and llle Alllcl '1 Ass
situation (It Univci its one.
(ll‘s He was listed in “\Vlln‘
ll'gui in Amcrltan Urllvcr ’all \
.tits full lmm lSHl
rilHl. since l‘
in ’Allll‘ritr’all Men (ll S
Cltltleltcl’ ls ctllrmltly
Eng; oil it all ' pmiccl
Rated by a glulll [mm the From
ti s or Science Foundation or
Olildllonla
John Crossot, :rssocirrtc pi'OIPSSOl‘ ol’ alt’lsSK‘dl
cclvcd llls BA
languages. rain english and
lc. . cs from Columbia College ser. and Samuel Richardson.
rn ibm. and los Fun in Eng-. Andrew Q plane, assistant} Mrss Donna Oshcl.‘ named an
list ivory Harvard University in‘ professor oi history. received instructor at spank h, is a 1961
‘1958 this BA. item Center College. graduate of Grinncll She will
Belorc coming Gr-irirrcll.lDarrrrllc (Ky). and his MA in receive her MA. degree In
c ossctt taught at leur collected‘ecology learn Cambridge Unl- Spanish from Yale University
ud uuuersrtres and most r-e- rcrsrty in England. this summer Thrs will be M .s
,Lelltlll has sclvctl as head or the plane currently working on Oshel's first teaching assign—
i'uuuaurlres tit-shipment at Pill'— los PM). in Religion and Ru lncnt.
‘soul College. sum hr or at Duke Unwcrsrt Miss Oshcl was also a Phi
Cr cut rs n rucmhcr ol 2hr. A re ,.cut (if a number ot Beta happy wliilc at Grinnell.
Modern Language A- perform» lcllowshrps. plane has nlsoland received a copyright Fellow—
‘ rid the Amtrrrc r Assocl ion ol done graduate uerk :u ll and sorry l'or graduate study at the
rev from. or university and the Unircr
- scott is the author or louis Leningrad all louis
group :llllLl » pot-ms and r: Charles .l, Cook
\i'llitll line, appeared rn rh \‘l let-cued hi
a tar-rely ol l or ry Journals r usr, l'porn Griuncll in
and. r th hrs sister. has written and his M A, m physics them rc
ii burn 01' poems pulllishtd liyiSlllto Ulll\cr&fly ill low in lllSll.
the v Press in mm. lie is‘ Cook returns to Gr rural lr-om
currently compictrup a book on‘ Ohio where he served as :l physics ”philosophical and tlmnlogs Ol'él‘bm" COI‘CQet ‘Vesl‘lm‘e ,
i0, duvewpmum o, Souhudm. res districts . _ 63, Miss Brockert served as an
. ‘ , . Cook \v. a Plll Beta happy as. . ant to the supervisors of
CWSC‘“ Plans [01' Um lulul‘cia Woodrow Wilson Fellowship the United Nations Visitors Serlrntlude books on hilton Spcn~lwhilo at Grinllell and races-ed vice.
lfor graduate study.
to
Peru.
Ml null tracker named an
discussions connector. is also a
Grinnell alumnae, A phi Beta
happy. she referred her BA. in
sociology in i .
Mrss Brockert received an
MA in teaching in 1960 from
cal -d University. From 1961<
' ol
ill
 
Page Two
membership
“The, Faculty Council on Student AtT. Monday released ii. report in which
i 0 rules of the College were rc- iiiiined
and in which the studellts' role in iliitiiitilln
social media atitiit with t'specialized.” This set
device completed tale lead pal israeli ot‘ ft
story which will never ‘he used iii the share
let and Black.
The news story told ol‘ a view mechanism. which the Council revised, through
\\lllCll c infants called act as a very low
house all making the rules which modern
tile" actions. The article also listed the
signllcant changes in the rules )‘OCOlnr
amended by the Council.
Although the report has been ci unlimited
to the guilty and to so-called “student
leaders.” i has not been released for the
common student and parent to see. tier
sent Hm irc It. women ii asked that it the
5&1; were to he allowed to release the
Orr below'c he spoke at a corporation next
. dliesdar, he must approve the release
belorchand,
Shown the complete news story, Piesic
sent women assisted that the whole story
not be released. He will wanted tllc 8&1}
to discuss the new i . alive process. He
did not want the Ski; to discuss the rule
changes the report arrested wild asked
that the newspaper met-all speak of the
changes as a “fiber ' itioii.”
President women has the right to decide
how and when he would like his own cookie
written’s report released.
However, Elli} line the president of
G innell College asks to see an article be
more it’s published and decided what part
or it should be published, he is coming:
close to a form of membership.
This report is no longer top secret. The
President civil elf knows that 200 copies
of the report are about: to be released to
SCARLET AND BLACK
—nearly+ and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Griilnell. Io\\':I
»\ initii inns
l tutu I \ll
.imti
min diet
in iii.
mm.
iii
iimrii ~i.i.,tiimmn
\i iii tin miami
(
india mA Ni I-Zi)|t‘iilt Juhn \gulf
._—__4_—————
students, that every faculty member has
acre lv been given a Co] The craps are
out.
eteltheless. it the 9&3 used the report that is now in the common domain,
clidiges of editorial ll' poilsibili
spring in their all—tone all'llllttl' way from
nursing bliseiiioiit.
The Report
wait Reduction.
‘Friday, May I7, 1963
lleviiioii Group
i Names women Permanent Head
College FiHoward B. women has hecn
obtained permanent chairman ct
‘the newly ion-med Citizens Com-
,mittcc for TE Reduction and
il’telllslon in 1903, it was learned
here today.
Grillnell \ sent
. The new committee, composed
not leaders ircm the fields ol'
lnuali business, education, labor,
agriculture, hnusmg, and wcL
marc. held '< organizational
meeting in \\'partition, D.C.
trust week,
Dr. women said the cninmittcc.
cross to take prompt action to
reduce taxes and to “correct der
[acts in the tax law “
He said the group aim adoptv
ed a stiitenlent oi principles call
ing [or a “one'lnlligl'ul rat sum"
in the tax lﬁli including a net
,inch Committee inn- Tax medication in 1963, l'Dl‘lnCd earlier
President kennedy. Secretary
.at the Tloa<try Douglas wilson.
(Undersecretary oi the Treasury
teens'y H powder. and special
1A start to the Pi‘evident Law-
‘renew F. O'green were among
government ol'signals attending
lineutlngs at which Dr. women
provided.
Dr, women was also named as
the committee's L‘O'Cllnll‘lllml for
education. Other cocchairnlen:
i D. W. Brooks. age’icllltul‘
would in its initial action, tried fully‘acm-gc means. labor. pm} Dr
ivid Fine, small business. Geri-it
lEandCr Ende. housing; and Anne
M strand. welfare.
l Tile committee i; expected to
lannouucc the appointment at an
executive secretary soon
The eleven-man council spent two longircductiun ol intlivtddal and for-,
meniii listcllili to “student leaders” tell
what they felt were defects ill a (hall 01'
the final report. The “student leaders“ dicke’l'end with the report at almost even‘
point and disturbed with each other upon,
occasion.
But what the students Said iii the two
ii‘oiir—hour sessions had a very minor ei'i'act
on the final report. The committee paid
little need to student complaints but only-
specialized the system by which students
could make more complaints.
The report is not a “discrimination” of
the social rules. The lnodi nations that the
report called for were in academic and
nonvsocial areas.
J. P. H.
 
David right'source
Forum For percent
A certain Gilnnell chemical'v professor holds
in a “critical theory" or student government
the notion that it always takes about three years
for Students to inarshall a one year challenge
to the established order. According to this View,
old issues never die — they just get buried for
a who e.
In the words at General MacArthur, “I will
return." But the fact remains that Jack Chair
man will never return. Neither will Edward
hobbies, Al Boston, Cameron leadership, 01‘
Bill Halamzi. And so our chemistry professor
may be right.
Either necessarily or not, Grinnell accident
govcinnlelit is essentially an “element game”
"Selected Students” recently met with an ad-
)llll‘ilstl‘atianrlacultv committee seriously titled
‘Cotlncil on Student Lite" and “Faculty Council
on Student retail ’ This group 7 blame which
the students all often “certified” 7 had prepared
? report which “as obviously pulled CONFI—
DENTIAL After weeks of admin active ic‘ ns.duration, in which the student view was “l‘cllllity ignored, Li final report is about to be dlsr
itihutcd to the niasse
Then remember the "Grillllcllsmailship REV
sort’ of last semester7 These tire the (no most
obvious cases ot the college filtering edition as
an escape valve for the pressure at student layout. Our selected studcllls vcrc kept btisv infinite a while, even though most icit that "nor
body was matching"
Now, a less running and subtle fashion or
playing big games was witnesses during the
Senate's tutorials illustrations on the budget,
The social planning board recommended tn the
executive cabinet which recommended to [he
BUNC committee which I‘CCDIllandiztl to the
senate which pretty much recommended to
everybody. it then spent everything tl'om 332:7
nail on next year‘s social events in minor expenses for (powers iii the Quad,
in one oi the shortest illustrations on expenditui‘es In inc h tony or student government,
the Senate once again moved that serious- aspects
l
t
or the game can be partially ignored
What‘s more sun, obviously is sitting in rariotis advisory facilities or in an everrprolitei‘print: committee system. All the committees, re»
ports. party pohtlcklng and political messaging
provide an inventory customise where real siiidcnt
effectiveness gets lost holiday up a trick state»
case. When anybody seriously tries to _e[[act
tchangcs in student lite or in the evolution oi
the college, somebody polls the level.
The chick explanation of recent student politics has been the prospect at change, with a ceiu
main feverish interest in that change It l’CnlLul'let
to be seen whether our new political order represents a peak nr a though in the three year
cycle or animation it looks like a peak so i-ar. but
it won't matter,
a change in term (with medications of iii‘arm),
they generally have to forget about content. the
substance which was implied in clcciioii camlpaigriing
Tl‘e reason. or tone. that our former heroes
in SGA will never return is because they passed
GO. collected their civil mas, and got out l-lnptu
[title they're all somcpl‘ c where they can make
tlicii- Own decisions.
l'm not competition at all about money loiDithyi-amp ni int [powers in the Quad in fact, i
‘ihliil: the school ought to in est iii a whole
lmtanmcal garden full at riotieis for us to go
walking through during the long \' ice months,
But the Senate’s concern attitude ni rating the
budget over with is a sitting indication oi hong
seriously it can cds its own iiiipnrtnncc. That
estimate is about right.
The admiiiislration. on inc other hand, 5Ce_ins
in think its importance IS rather <icila ,_ ian
that they're going to appear at “corporation to
get-can what ihcy think at tu- l imagine ihcy'll
say th it like the‘ auditor, because hc does a good
web for them clicks. and they may even iy
the c glad somebody else ge < placed for in
sec \l problem."
Yet it's true that the social planning board
has no connection whatsoever t its [he Car rule,
cvcn it‘ it has gone on lDCord as iii-closing buses
 
Four ROTC Cadets to Receive Summer Training
Four Giinncii iii FOicc ROTC
Cadets will l'CCL‘li'C tour wcck.
ot' intensive pi ,r'iclliu duty
king at us. An Voice Bases
th summer,
They are Cadets James flat.
ﬁend, David L llau'let, Richard
A. eye and Robert A Patrick
Hatﬁend and Patrick will i-en
drive their [raising al schini <
and Nyc in
Chandler, Aiiz.
in a
lion
ice
(it idea
AFB, latina, bali. Hairley u-iiilpmccdures and \l' «
go to Otis AFB, Cape Cod, Mass. painted. who \\'all
Williams
Base argentina
dc acc 0n
,print train which they will tier
part [or training
The cadets will he schooled in
‘lt‘adershlp techniques. military l “m
Giinnoll Jliiie T. will he (mu-
,inissinncd a second
upon the Completion
training
He i\ la report in August for
AFB.
is dependent or his
the login-
homes. or the
ullli the Air Force 5,
Command
i Tile other cadets. all junior
ieeeix'e their commissions
P0“) » » emHittpon giiidtlulion ti'om Gilnnell
'LidndtC trout, next year
because oucc the students gets
purple t . is of about will billion
“Congress will accept or select this SCSSIOH proposals by
,the President to reduce constant
daily Federal tax i'ntes on indr
visual and corps‘rate income and
to review the Federal tax ski‘usr
turn," Dr, women said in Gr iilell Tuesday, “Our committee
will seek to gain wide-spread
public understanding and ace
distance of the nccd for action
‘in this session at Congress."
, Dr women also said that the
'Kennedy administration’s eonlcern that an income tax reduction is initiative, ii the stability oi the economy IE to be main-
.gained, is reflected in the or-
' animation of this cominitlee .
a Companion group to the Bus-
larry interviews
Will Be Monday
i An information officer and
p-eprcsentatwe or the United
details Army will bc in nursing
ilibrary next Monday to this
view students interested in car
peers as officers in the US.
Army.
Interviews will take place
from 9 am. to 12 noon. Opporituniiies’ for women as nurses
,and directions and for men in
‘the two-year nﬁiccr candidate
‘school and direct commissions
law‘c among those onercd residents.
 
l
l A grant of $90,000 by the
lDantorth Foundation of St,
lLouis, Mo.. to support for three
years a Program in Urban Education was announced this week
thy the Associated Colleges of
the Midwest and thchoard of
Education or the city at Citicagc. The program is designed
to provide to undergraduates at
liberal arts colleges special
preparation [or teaching, enlarge
urban centers. The Associated
‘colleges oi the Midwest. in ear
,operation with
Education oi the City at Chi-
,cage. will institute the program
in september 1963.
 
The Colleges participating in
‘the program arc Cornell, fri
ascii, Knox. plymouth Belo
Law once, simon, hamilton. and
St. Olaf All are members of
‘the Associated Colleges or the
Midwest
l' Thc program will
‘student teaching in the public
lschools oi Chicago with iiktruc.
tion in uriian sociology air
istudy of urban education Tucn.
‘tyVSlx students from tlic input
her call _-cs have been selected
nor the iii'St year at the prtr
‘gray Grillnell's participant.
;Johii sparc, will teach history
at the secondary level
will be seniors in September
Eleven are preparing to be ceo-
‘january school teachers, Fit-
‘teen air preparing to teach in
,sccontiary schools The section
ldaryrschoo] group includes slut
cents preparing to teach a wide
,range ot stability including Engllish. visit t, biology. mathcrna.
'tire, french and russian All
colnli‘inn
Imulcnﬂnl't\\0nl)’rsix students '\\‘ill bc inn
Chicago tar fifteen needs
September 3 in Dcccmbcr
iron:
20
at Chicago and will have lie
lbs'are and watches-ia privileges at
‘the Uni city The students
‘will receive a iuii seinostci- or
the Board at l
They ‘
,Program in Urban Education
Boos’real by Danforih Grant
ol academic credit from
colleges.
storm
‘their
direction the program will he
Helen D. Berwzild. Associate
Professor of education, large—
ton College assistant her will
be William D, Lewis. Assistant
Professor of Education, Knox
College. Anthony J. Coslonis of
;the university of Chicago will
,be the instructor in sociology.
The Board of Education of the
unity of Chicago “in select see-
,elnl supervision teachers to
lguidc the students and will determine the student teaching
,‘aSSignments, Each student will
,have two sixuwcek teaching ex»
lpei-ienccs in shortly contracting
keith school situations.
Foreign service
Exams Will Be
Given Next Fall
The Foreign Seiwlcc Officer
iExaln. sponsored by the DepartiDcpartmcnt of State Foreign
Sci-vice written examinations
will be given on September 7.
1963. in major cities throughout the United States.
To be eligible to take this
examination, one must be {it
incest 21 and under 31 years at
,age as of July 1. ibm, u th the
perception that a person 20 years
‘oi age may be designated if as
lot that date he either has a
ibachelor‘s degree ci ha lcCc c.
ituih completed his ,ttiiiior year
’ i college
1 An oral examination will be
given to those who cubic. tuitii as rfc written test, and then a
(ltlty {is an lillorindtioii OﬂtteiiThcy will be houses in apr'l‘practical and hack round investor
emslinents owned by the University‘gnlion will follow that test.
l gui-thcr information on these
,tests is available in the Placeincnt Ol'ieee team reforms
l Sequeira.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Page three
rC/ea tier, Fletcher get copyright: 1
Charles G, Clctlver (English)
(anti Harold A, Fletcher (political
is inline) have been c’i\ “(led ll‘usr
Friday. May [7. [963
Student Ambassador Program
To sure Students to Grinnell
A summer student nillbassm‘seniors during the Christmas joe
for program, in which Grinncllruoss.
College students will attempt to sherman arrested that ii“; ‘ .
interest high school seniors in was not a mgomus Tecmmmm ibm'lghtrﬂass grants for the 1963the college, has been announced drive,» but 2m tommy mm ‘64 academic year
by SGA freedom Jack Chap» at telling.prospective students 4 , , _ , ;
cleaner will spend the acaman. about (ha possibilities of again- l
‘(lemon year ill. the Institute of
tEuropcan and American llistory,
§Tohoku University, in hentai, {
i Japan, He \will lecture on Amer
*icon literature and Civilization. :
l cleaner has been a member all
-the Grinnell faculty since 1956, '
file received his bachelor's doe
i‘large from Yale and his MA.
brand PhD. from the UniversityY
"of Minnesota
1' Fletcher will spend the y
l
in Paris researchers French pd
livecam systems,
 
Grinneil, and encouraging those
part would be asked to contact,p.in in Roberts Theatre. The
lite at the college,” added Chap—j which has spent a large pa -t oil . ,
.l
According to sherman, "The hair education,
program involves Grinnell std. g
,xerox quarter
qualified to apply.” ,
“Freshmen and sophomores
approximately ﬁve home town;quarter will perform solar s
high school seniors. providence quarter in B-that major. K. 539.
man. lthe lancaster on the G 'nneill
This program represents a dc—olympus, arc Peter Marsh, violin,
cents contacting high school
seniors in their home town. give
ing them information about
‘Pl T . ht
worked serve as the ambassadors} y 9
during the summer. During the The honor song quarter. Wm
month of August, each parties- present a concert tonight at 8 .
them with printed inaterraliQuai-get m A Minor, 0p 29 by
about Grrnnell and informally;Schubert ,and carroll’s quarters
answering questions concerning,No. 5, Members or the Quar-act /
Fletcher has been a member oi
ithe Grinncll faculty since 1956.
picture from the unsuccesslueraul perth, villa, Theodor-at iH° ”“9“?“ “‘5 “9‘9”” d?,
ambassador program which in‘santa, violin, and Donald lvlc- ‘grey from California and his
past years contacted high schools Call. cells, i MA. and FhD from Harvard.
fKnopf. To load
lots of Rice but little bond for Tim elite'SU D'scussmn
canyon A Knopf teconomic
was a discussion leader dui
Tuesday‘s session of a spain.
on "farmers in the his‘r
Eatinomy,’ held at town State
University in Ames.
 
Charles cleaner Harold Fletcher
 
In Thailand’
and once he settled on the right‘
tone everything was OK, To us.
it a word is pronounced core
red] in any (one \VC can l‘eC-r
own. it. but to the chris this
total difference is so great that-
Karen robinson ‘alias mba'ls: “Rica three times alThey Couldn’t imagine a boy?
S & l5 Feature Editor ‘day accompanied by Various showing that much respect IOI‘
"It inn’t the physical (lepi‘ivzv‘condilllents is the stable A fork::l girl," Miss Hamilton donations you undergo in Thailand and soup epson are the utensils central,
that are hard [0 adjust to. Go- The fork is used to share l'old‘ Living in a form limit , ,'
in: Without hot water is color onto [he sport from which the.non-English-s|)making second and}
This discussion was hello l'tl-
ing,” said Ann Hamilton. 1962,pc
graduate who taught at Chiengl
Mar Academy, Thailand. ton for
Grinnell’s birth Year
program, “Coming from the bus- sci
thing and vital intellectual at-lcd
inosphere oi college to the lessistr
intellectually directed Thai 50- pciety iequll‘cd a major adjust-‘
ment. low
"Often 1 would get an awful an
Abroad jun
rson cats."
At the Academy Miss Hzllnilr
i was an English teacher for
loss and seniors in high
1001 Hcl’ main duties include,
reviewing statistical (‘On-l
actions and correction the
associations of the students,
“In one lesson we had a stop-out a boy and girl on a date.
d I told them about dating
third readers helped Miss lianul-“ﬂ total Change llllCi’S the gold
ton learn the Thai language beyond recognition,”
"That, of course, is a total 0t her our work, Miss llamil.
language, There are no distinctlton said, "Although the year i
tones and a given set at letters spent was intensity regarding,
said in one tony‘means an one i feel that the chart ot an initially river-ant thing than the dividend is so carefully small and
same set oi letters in anothcrta year-i so little time The real
tone. Once l was asking street'progress will come from the era
directions and happened to uscilorts oi the chris themselves,
trading to sit down and have illcusloms in the US, The girls
a slightly different (one on the
We can only execute them in
losing a presentation by Prtt.
John B Shcahan, Williams college, en "earlier Porter in ‘rc
US. Economy- its Relation
growth and Employment.” at
,the meeting sponsored by the
united it Center for Ag'title
rural and Economic levels}
event.
Earlier, Knopf Spoke and.
a discussion on the “Economic
e
lEnglrsh so they may study here Of ”‘3 EWYWSE 53’5””) El
’and return to their countries top“T0p Management seminar,
by the name and had no idea spend not a year, but their-sponsored by the US. Ar ,y
what it could be. Finally he big-whole lives in serving their Management Engineering Train-
used out what the problem waslcountry," ,ing Agency, Rock Island, all,
Salon Centennial integrated
On the door pt Fine Arts zoo,irig, e
is a nearly centered sign, "Salanloj
des Rcttises“ inside on the lcitbulletin board are bright natural
colors of all styles and a nearly:
types Sign iihicii explains the‘
name oi the sheet, The person
~ali ioro o~-' h'v' i
re y rg us e navigation found his lesson hazardous and I asked was completely based
with someone, Getting news otherwise really announced when l
or than entered down shirt was told them about boys holdings
a problem, tool-t the girl on and on with her
Miss Hamilton ~described theicoat, opening doors for her, etc]
 
Newspaper Fund Announces
434 Summer Study Grants
Summer study grants for 434 journalism. One section or the'
high school journalists teacherslUnivcrsity of Te. as seminar
and publication advisors have‘will consider junior college
been announced by The News- Journalism problems.
paper Fund.
will if it collslsled chipﬂy tivc title [or ‘this group of l\
abuse and ridicule, was blair leIColUl's for which their was
mainly charitable. cum in the galleries belong"
o
The newspaper Fund {0110th
ships pay all expenses for our—
union, ices, books, room and
board. it also pays large
share or travel expenses. Grants
from The Wall Street Journal
make The Fund's program 17057
,bible.
Students Attend
below-l” Confab
Because Gi’lonely’s foreign std—
event program is considered to
be one ot the best responses to
the foreign student problem on a
small campus, the University
people~ta-people spring centers
icncc asked Paul Courtright,
chairman ot the Foreign Stu»
sent Board at printer], to di.
cuts the purpose, structure, and
separation of Grinnolrs program
to be an e apple for other‘
small colleges,
“Our little Salon dos Refusesi smith Sternleld (all), instead.
inn‘t so controversial as its far for ot this salon, added, “mae
moms lotchear as it is mere - room is open in the day and in
an oicrilow item the main part Sunday atternoons for those
i ot the student show downstairs. wire would like to see the-e
the degree oi the Emperor 01W 1 u on u l U > f H _ ,, ]_ I, t 1‘ t
France, Napalm“ .111- it was, e los tough to to con. mi her L,\cinlpe> e sites
touched m pass “S (M pmtcgtlicnninl year gave us a proven, work.”
L M ‘ lBarnn Serves on National group,
Will Chart Activities of AAUP
;and fingering at those viii si
l Dr. Samuel H aaron. c’lsso-‘ gr its, under ethics he will t '
Teachers from 45 states
Washington, DC, and the Philippine islands will share the
study tellowships which represent an investment or $153,000
by The Newspaper Fund.
Under The Fund’s sponsor.
ship. these teachers will spend
up to 12 weeks studying school
ascii and pl‘out‘ssional journals
ibm problems and techniques at
46 colleges and universities
2‘ ’Salon (les Picl'tvs ' 1815371963.",
lit reads: “In the year 1563, by"
 
The Newspaper Fund was es.
published to interest young peer
pie in journalism careers it
seeks to improve studentsknowledge of the profession by
introducing their teachers to the
latest developments in scholar—
pic and professional journalism.
Since 1959 more than 1,700
teachers have received these
graduate s c h o o l fellowship
grants, according to Paul S.
chosen, executive director,
"The particular ‘but'licf was
the now lalnmls ‘Dejeuilcr soil’tel'be' by leonard janet. ace
knowlcdgcd leader of the groups
i
florists.
who had been i-ciccicd by the:
lurv ot the oilierai Snlultisonl ‘
ct them 'iustlv indignant, nth
merely disgiuntlcd,
date professor oi history at a leave of absence next year l'Jr
Grinnoll College, has been elect- costa
ﬁher to be called We express ed to a [lil'cesyeur term on the int: giant will allow him ‘0
emotional council of the American pursue a new pr icct, a study
. Association oi University Froles- oi the \Vesterni', tion of Ru ,
the innocumwlsors, prior to Peter the Great .co
. - E i l , t-rt’ ‘l . ”,l
‘ the [\incvilcin‘v The count“. 3 30M“ body)‘C-::l1l"time on the iotr 1nd ll i
printer, games McNerll Whrsilcrnmeets mice annually m L m. r< 1“ 95‘
tthe janet is now in the per» the course oi the organization‘s Under a US USSR. exchange
‘immune wiiccim or [he Louomiactivitics. aaron's election will‘programs ,directed en the U. 3.
(he shuttle, in me leondllannounccd at the annual meet-,side by the Inter—white 'y
, ,' the orgasm union held re-‘COmmllleu on travel gx
Gallci 01 Art, Washington, ”‘5’ 0f , . . , .
Dc) {the may" W (umcmnbimmy in San Francis” union \will spend nine series
in Moscow, doing research .:i
cited as marking the birth 01‘ Tire author of the book >lcd— libraries and nrelricv
modern art, since it brought to-hair: The Father or Russian.
light. along with some SCColldﬁcal‘basin,"iwliich is to be pull
rate work, certain artists in ads listed this summer by the Siaih
cities to those mentioned above lord Unirei its Press and limit
who were designed to make his vancouver in England by Rout
tony; and the publicity given to lodge and chan Paul Ltd. —
what was then unorthodox paint. Bar-on has also received two
“Another \\'
‘White Glil' by
Teachers receiving g r a n it 5
choose to study at either regular summer school sessions, or
a seminars—especially organized
pl'ogrilmsiwhlch bring togellhcl‘
teachers having common proc
less related to school journal-
ibm.
Four other Grinnell students
attended the cost’france on Mztyl
ll! to learn more about People“
ltorcople’s communication and
view for 13 computer. ineludcdlscl'vmes and has they could
is an “advanced seminar” at Ins: Possibly strengthen and add to
dial University for teacher“ the Grinncll foreign student profits special skills in highschoaLgl‘ﬂm in the White-
He also has a giant from \i‘e
,Amer on CUullCil of learned
Societies to cover three niontn
ot research in Western Europe,
He expects to do most of it
l'cst‘z ch in England and tub.
land.
This year seminars are called» :
 
 
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
{oem fans Home team! Fihli‘its
Peter cohen. president ot the hon expressed his hope that dc touch things as change grades t
ColHP. was named chief prove—’sized rule changes could he a
color of that group at a meeting coniphshed. and that “if no get
\wednesday night.
Also, Coholl
these things through.
l At Grinncll a key was proc—l
.daily used to gain access to the;
called on the house pl‘students call-lg to have to utilize student turned off and to gain intl’tlncc‘,
to work Wlthln (he sltldcnt court' hotel’to as Opposed to the house
system l‘alice than through the
extravlegal house council dining
process.
In Wednesday's
Tan Lnﬁon
Baby Oil
Sunburn
cleaner
PHARMACY
“’here liersunal service
is- our month
meeting Co»t
. ‘slbllllies,”
council files,”
Stephen E. Wood, dean or
men, revealed that in conversation with Evan garden tB&G)
land permits Ludwig (vice president ot the college) and in assessment of last week‘s roots he
has discovered that some students may have possession or
the college currently uses.
expression
such a missing key, Wood noted
that master keys have been
used at other colleges
into llc quad
Wood called on the Comp
members, old and new, to try
to ﬁnd this key, as the cost at
replacing college locks would be
l‘lllgil.
Peter Wolf. chief magistrate
‘ot the primary court, told lhcl
soil-1P that "appreciation in
all cases must’bc immediate."
lot all witnesses and not rely
‘officer alone. t
In answer to a question based
that group that connections do
not go on student’s transcript
but go into it Illc in the Dean
we are during lights when they were;of “10“.; BMW Tm mom mo
Dean noted. can come into play
when graduate school and Job"
recommendations must be made ‘
l
Orchesis Elec‘ls Officers
Orchcsis. the modern (lance‘
club on campus, has elected ofet
:hours for the coming year. LesslAir
a master key to the locks which He told the CufHF to make use he Silver Will be president und‘ College Military awards and the
Pam Draemel. vice president‘
5cal‘clay‘ystl’ensures, betty sarah
due, publicity, and mail given.j
to do by a CDIHP member, Wood told victorian. l
Friday, May l7, I963
William C. carbon "
To Address ROTC
The Deputy chief ol the Personnel Services Division ot the.
U 5, Air Force's Strategic Air
Command will be the featured
speaker at journal diagnosis
categories at Grinnell next
Thursday evening according tocollege AFROTC officials.
He is colored William G. Bar—
ton. a graduate of the University
of nevada with over 20 years
active duty in the Air Force,
Eight Grinnell AFROTC cadets
will be announced at the dinner
as winners of mayor honors including the General Dynamics,
Force Times and Grinnell
Officers
Reserve Association
his concern section the word of [he representing lOthcl’ officers are julie Smitth,'tel'tlf|date.
Grinnell janet Commander.
for mon-tit will also be named
at the dinner
 
British victorian Arnold J,
Toynbee concluded his series of
public lectures at Grinnell Cole
there Monday night, replacing
lthat “the only capital that the
‘human race processes is the wilderness of its listed alixistyi”
Speaking on “World-Wide Soc
local Justice: Demands and loss
in an appearance at
tHei'rick Chapel, the college‘s
lJohn R Heath visiting professor
 
 
 
 
VI'ill the person who surround my white dinner jacket
please return it immediately.
lP!
Bill Morail‘lv Ext 451
 
 
3 Blocks
east of
campus
on U5. 6
TASTEE'
FREEZ
hundred—milfs
 
 
oi history added:
“Fortunately there is no fund—
amended conflict between the
universal rights ot the run-Dis
the—mill majority and the specs ill rights of the fitted minority.
The fitted minor'its’s natural
gifts are not Just gifts for themselves They are gifts for the
whole human race.
“being giitcd is not the same
as being good the victorian
added. “Only the pursuit of God
gives us the chance of being
good, and the pursuit of God is
women to all human beings.
“Therefore fitted human be.
inns are always under the tampa.
nation to take an uniust advert—
age over their natural ,gifts.
lNatui-al gifts give their processors power over their less listed
yellow human beings. Power is
not evil in itself. But a professor of power is under reputation to abuse his power by using it. not publlcsspiritedly, but
selfishly.
“If the listed minority is to
make its gifts bear fruit, it must
leave leisure to candidate them.
in must be believed or having to
’pl‘adult the food on which it
drives, in other words, it must
the led by the work of the m
low—tlie-mill majority. It the rn
:notify did not receive this ser—
twice, it would not be able to
1develop its gifts.
l “But in accepting a service,
‘ commitment itself to that
it is
duty of using its gifts unselfish—l
ly in the general interest. The
improvements in lite that Itl
achieved through the use of its
:gifts ought not to be monopolized
for itself and its friends and.
relatives; the benefit ought tel
be shared with the rest ot los‘
‘dirty. This is one of the ties
thanks made by social listing."
Staying on
Dr Toynbee made
tlionzll observations:
‘ “Nobody opposed social jul
‘ticc in principle or in the all
extract, but agreement ends when
we attempt to make our own
definition ot it.
1 “Such disagreements
the same themes
these audio
arise
 
 
KEEP COOL
Grinnell's complete style shop for women
Something new every day.
WITH
SPORTSWEAR
on
DRESSES
Now AT
POYNTER'S
 
 
because human beings are;
neither completely equal to just
another, nor completely unusual t
We are all equal in some re
spaces and it is just that, at
these points, we should have;
equal rights. In other points
equality might not be just.
“For instance, we all have the
right to lite and liberty, and l
deliberately omit ‘the pursuit of
happiness' from this list. I believe that if one pursuit happiness, it slides him. But if one
pursuit God and finds Him, he
might Just individually find maps
pixels
“I do not believe we all have
an equal right to the pursuit of
beauty, truth, knowledge, and
skill We have a right to pursue
these book: only in so far as we
have a natural gift for pursuant
them. In these fields, humans‘
are initially enjoyed by nature This is a natural ilijusticei
(or which man is not totally responsible, and which he cannon
undo. It is one of the facts of
life that we have to accept. ,
“A characteristic feature of’
our age is that the majority care
more for equality than for lilo-l
arts Liberty and equality are'
always in tension with each
other. investigated liberty
would produce an intolerable
inequality; investigated equality
would stable liberty and parallel
the naturally listed individual‘st
use of his gifts. Liberty and.
equality can only he adjuslcdl
to each other by compromise;‘
they bali'only be recognized by
 
‘i'l'aternity; and human fraternity,
can only be achieved as an inch.
dental result of finding God. .
“The extraordinary recent de-v
respondents of technology seem]
to be producing two different;
streets, which pull in opposite;
directions to each other. Byl
creating assurance, technologyl
has looked a demand for equal-,
its among the poverty-strictly‘y
priority ol' banking. But at the
me tune, the special natural
gifts that make scientists and
definitions have become so inn-l
pop-want to society that societyt
has had to provide special conditions low- learning and doing‘
their jobs, and these are condo—
tions of social privilege t
”It would be adjust to refuse
them the special facilities they
need » trust to the listed in-‘
diviclual to receive him or the
'Toynbce concluded,
:Toynbee Ends Series, Talks on Social Justice
chance of using his gifts, and
affair to society as a whole to
be received of the benefits the
fitted minority is able to produce,
“In the society of our day,"
“there will
be an improve on the authority's
.side to translate the listed m4
dividend, and there will be an
improve on the fitted individual's
side to abuse the power that his
gifts are bound to bring social
justice is an impeifcct competition between contracting re—
quiz‘events. It needs to be supplemental by brochures love."
New Members
Are lnil'ia'lecl
At a Delta Sigma who loans
ouct held Tuesday night, new
oﬁicons were named, new mem—
bars were initiated, and the
merger of Delta sigma who with
eau happy Alpha. another contrary forensic fraternity, was
announced.
New Sigma Delta who officers
are: Eric Jacobson, president;
Phil Johnson. vice president; and
Ralph ci-art, secretary.
New members initiated. into
that group are dance Opperman.
Phil Johnson. Ann Delugach and
Donna Jo bailey.
W
NOW SHOWING
CHARLTON HESTON
SOPHIA LOREN
"EL CID'T
STARTS SUN DAY
GREGORY PECK
"TO KILL A
MOCKINGBIRD"
l _______—
 
BEVERAGES—
EXTRA
SPECIAL!
EXTRA
COLD!
REFRESH
YOU RSELF!
AT
THE
VAR
SITY .
 
Friday. May I7, 1963 SCARLET AND BLACK
of All?”
Members of the “Know Your Neighbor"
during
Panel Discusses Racial Problems
The belief that world peaceiwomen who embark on a class~car education turned into a hair
and unity cannon be realized une tin-ed lite, dicke when she repeatedly re.
til man accepts his fellow man Sister Mary assured the midi. called the» reply that she houston his virtual rather than his;once um she had led Wm 3 nt be comfortable in such a tab
creek or race was advanced by normal lite and that she had because she had “such high
the “Know Your Neighbor" pan-.become a non for reasons sim- quiltﬁnations."
Panel discuss race problems in Youllkel‘
:.and business administration msg
Page Fiva
Housing Available Monclay
Mary S. Jones, Alumni 5c ,
v, has announced that
. may come lo the Alunitli
Talk in é el :cc beginning Monday to v.-
‘ housing assignments i'or
announcement guest §.
George St angels, chatﬂmn‘E »h senior will he also l
01' NDI‘UI Central College, Na-‘space for three guests in the
‘pcmlle, Illmms, wﬂl speak in‘college residence calls and must
the chapel Sunday at [1'30 , in my rm. their guests: m. .1 3.
His person title will be, “Lordhmm what they are made
Miss Jones also has requested
ithat seniors do not delay in
St. angels was born and grew making referﬁon
‘Sl'. angels lo
‘ up in Huntinghurg, Indiana and;
graduated with political science
Planning A
qu'l'y?
Hungry for good
1 naked goods?
After World War I! he server‘
led in the Signal Intelligence‘
Corps in Europe and attended
London University studying po-.
digital smence. He was origin;
ed in 1949, and served pastor i
ages in San Pierre and indian.;
apollo, Indiana. In 1954 he was‘
a delaware to the General Con-‘
defence, and the year after was
vice-president or the Churchl
Federation in indianapolis.
cars [mm North Central Col-‘
legs. He was active ln related
athletics, statistics, and student‘
government, serving as press-i
sent oi the student body.
Order cakes. cookies.
and puslries from
91 last Wednesday evening m ilar to those of a boy who let
counter lounge. icepls the rigorous life or a mllril
The allswoman panel. compare italy academy for the regarded
cd of a Catholic, a new, a Ne-‘to he gained,
pro, and a protecting and a “ma-i SN“. Mary, who 3 me mm
Jm‘iw" “‘Odel‘all‘v press“principal or a Catholic girls schools
The role oi majorin groups
was discussed by Mrs. L17.
Kruidenier. She arrested that
the members or the nl'djol‘llc,
while enjoying many advantages,
must realize certain region. big-
St. angels has served as‘
chaplain of North Central College since 1955. He is lndl’l‘lcd‘
and has two daughters and at
 
923 Broad St.
their personal stories and ex— said that she had “Med 3 ca, ‘son.
pressed their hopes lol‘Iendillal‘tel. in teaching to m that
replication of a “iicighhorly'young people grew up to “like
“Ol‘ld- people Mr themselves,” an idea
Mrs Arthur klein, biz, (herbﬂslﬂ in American tradition but.
moderator, told the audience all too often reflected in homes
that the panel was established:
because it was text that “betterhuman relations can come only
. . V ‘ 7,planned the problems and hopes
”“Wgh “"dmdual ““de‘S‘and for the American metro. She told}
mg- _ ,how her parents had arrested
MYS‘ S‘e‘" ”speed ”‘3‘ Wh‘collecting a college education. Art-l
we have made great scienceﬁc!er gmduamg from a segregated
ad”??? “”15“” “11““; “Enjlsoulhel‘n college, Mrs. Glamon‘
"mm“‘mn ‘“ “”9" ° patient to Des points and ab;
races and breeds" ‘t L , _ }
My; Km coleman mentionﬂ elnp ed to obtain a clinical ian.
ed the problems of Jewish per—l
sons in society. She related that!
during the depression year-5|
there was an initially strong)
antiques-lnlc feeling in the Unit—I
ed States and that this prcjudicc=
had kept her from becoming a‘
teacher in rural iowa.
|
Sister Mary Denisi told of that
fisheries that she encountered
, FRESH DAllY '
when she became a non Many
people, she mentioned, think of‘ DANISH ‘MAID BAKERY
a non as being so dlﬂ‘erem \llaL‘
they question the mental and: "Ohighogvgmuﬂ
emotional southwest of young}
We Can Solve our Storage
DON'T WAIT UNTIL EXAM TIME—
STORE YOUR‘WINTER ITEMS NOW
WE PROTECT YOUR CLOTHING FROM
MOTH DAMAGE
NO MORE WORRIES ABOUT CARRYING HOME SUITCASES FILLED WITH
CLOTHING WHICH WON'T BE USED UNTIL NEXT FALL
ties, the greatest oi which is in
ho area of human relations, She
assisted that “it is not enough
to explore preceding unless we
are willing to ﬁget it: n is out"
obligation to know and give the
The wire or Des movies ti-airjiaetsy ,
tie judge Luther clinton eye'
 
 
i Besl Pizza. in Town
PATRONIZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS
and Besi Service Too
AHRVANO'S '
Open Till 12:00 P.M. Daily
10:30 P.M. Sunday
Free Delivery 6:00—12:00
 
 
 
 
 
 
roberts
DROP lN—EITHER NORTH OR SOUTH AGENCY
CLAIRE'S CLEANE
809 5TH AVENUE PHONE 236-5679
 
 
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, May 17, I963
Fa V0 d crime/I to Defend Conference Tree/r lit/e:
Today and tomorrow the Grinnell track team will be depend.
ing its slide'cst Conference
crown at vol'allﬁold, Minn. Alter
winning the indoor title the
year, the Pioneers are covered
to capture this mcct also. ‘
Individual Giinnellians whom
Coach Dick Young reply shouldi
win their special events
are' l
B r u c e keyword, quarter—miles;
who tied the school record thailand Dick Landis and conferences
year with a 248.9 effort; halfelmilc and two-mile.cheap Bill‘
miles‘ JE‘I‘I Langham, who has
run 1:56 7: Gene level'l, who's
gone 12710 in the pole vault,
and depending cheap Bob Hair
will, who leader 23-8 this season
in broad jump. The brake Relay
champion Grinnell mile relay
team should also win their event
for the Pioneers.
The stainless challenge to the
Scarlets should come from Car.
well The cams are sending a
strong continuing to the meet,
headed by stainless Bill french
dresses. Rick monica and Mike
Scohcy will he going for Cora
letters to Play in league Meet
After operating last Two deals
A Grinnell tennis team of
Guy Ashton, Jim Smith. Larry
Shannon, Ken Clymer and Bob
thomson play today and tumor—
row in the comics‘once meet at
Northiield,
In the final two dual meets
of the season. also at vol‘thﬁold,
the Pioneers lost to Carleton 7-2
last Friday and beat St, Olaf
673. The Carleton meet. was the
first conference defeat for the
better’s who wound up with a
7-2 dual mark,
l
Grinnell's number one man
Ashton was better for the first
time this year by Carlelcn's‘
Larry bush 6-4. 6-1. The only]
winners for principal against‘
Carleton were the number three‘
fashion and Bl‘jason, and Smith
bath lost.
In suite of the Pioneers loss
to Carleton, coach add powers
,expects them to have a good
enhance for the conference title
"II everybody plays their best
tennis and we get some luck
we can win,” was hotel's‘ coin—
ment.
powers made one big change
in personnel by switching planner into the tour position, re»
‘placing Bob thomson. Clymer,
who played sixth man most oi
the year, animated thomson in
a match this week and is con—
ordered the steadicr player by
powers.
Other players \Vlll remain in
Hell in the middle distancesﬂthe 100 and 2120, respectively}
Gary ali‘it? will help out in the are tops in the loop. 1
.insights, and Mike arlington Bcloit and plymouth, \Vlthl
should he a point winner for the well founded teams. are expected
cams in the high jump ed to glvc the leaders a run sort
Oilicr individual standards inlthcir money, Home team marina
the Conference are scattercd ton, a third-place neither last
ithroughout the other schools. year, is not expected to rise
Ripoii's billy Alexander is la. above ﬁftp in this meet .
world to Win the high Julnp Rod Brown. who beat dresses
alter reaching 6-6 consistently in the mile at the indoor Con-‘
during the season John which, defence meet but who lost to
Carleton shot potter, has been hm‘ m, a triangular met last
ﬂrating Wm 50 ML an year) week, is expected to ﬁwish high
in both the mile and twormilc
and the 96 and 21.6 times by
today for Grinnell. depending‘
John Kcrsemeier at Lawrence in Conference champion high jump—
monitoring new in sports spec—
charles will be offered Sunday
;afternoon when the Grinncll last
1ci-osse club meets the squad-l
Iii-om doc College on Mac fields.l
Both teams, formed within tl‘tel
last year, are made up or be
scanners in the sprint. The Grin
'null players handed together“
st this spring and have been,”
processing in back oi Youiikcr‘
The game or lacrosse cons}
terms the throwing or a hard
rubber ball, slightly smallest
than a tennis ball, with a submitted
doing”
ability
Jack
out (le attempting to (lodge
henry ' (1, another attack
i
is the most important limit and starts his shot.
in the game, according »
 
iran Shannon 0.4, 6-1 over Jlm'itheip usual order with Ashtondo one player. The field is di-
Keenan and the number two
douglas team of Smith
Brainscn 673, 176, 6-4 over
Keenan and Tom Allen. i
At St. Olaf the team won lives
of Six Singles matches, but the‘
one and two douglas teams of
TlPTﬂ TALL GOLFERS l
iyllrellseone l
l
. 32’».
First and forecast DON'T
sLoucul Straighten your back:
and Crouch at the trees. To
steady your france, assume a.
position that is slightly wider
than normal.
Call [it lz McGl'egor sam/er
and SWL'IIIH Slllr! and discover
Irecdoiit...think: lo M:oregon":17ro-described recipient
knife.
(See our total collection
of McGregor Gullwear
PPESTON'S
“party" Church, drop.
 
‘ one,
in number one douglas and
Smith and Ei‘jason in number,
two.
The players are needed
each division, powers
1 Ashton
l
in
expects
to get a number two
seed. Smith possibly a third or
fourth seed and unbeaten
Shannon to get the top seed.
The two douglas teams could
get third or fourth seeds.
Singles matches are played top
iaay, douglas matches comm-mw_lagainst 24 other small colleges the Pioneers
is ring ni'len at its new uiisliir. Innziliallilcros: {tall the Strand.
‘ Smith two and Shannon
and‘tliree, and Ashton and Shannon:
video
maintaining a goal six icet by s
into two valves, each
foot,
er Kent Roeci-son, has been
reaching see all season. but will
probably have to settle for a
second place this year. .
John Edgi'en, Pioneer further
iii-ho beat doc‘s depending cheap
Tony McCoy in a lilrnieet eat'his
er this season, should ﬁwish high
in both handle events, and cool
win them, springer Fred Berg,
who won both classes in this
meet last year. has illustrated
train a pulled muscle at brake,
and will gain points in these'
events Sophomore Ron Schachcl
is a dark horse in the springs
for the Pioneers.
lacrosse Club to Play joe
Al Russmziu’s body check.
1min, moves in to help him.
”055° SUCk- “SLle'l‘mV i1“ the picture on the right, Jay butler (longer the defense-
 
last Saturday at Elmhurst, isle;
nois.
Scoring forty points, seven
more than second place Mil son,
were never seriously threatened, Cliicl contributed to this victory was Jeri
Langham.
In the first
By Tom Lane ‘
Grinnell won the class B diet
vision of the Elmhurst delays
l
 
effective mile‘
or his career, Langham won in
4:201. only 1 second oil the‘
Grinncll record. In his specialty,l
the title, he also ran a 1:55 7,‘
once again only 1 second short
ol thing the current school mark
This time also left him only
.4 second short or the Conrei»
hence record and makes him the
favorite in totals conferences
championships, lie completed,
his mysterious triple by i'unningl
a leg on the Winning mile rclayl
team,
Both Bruce keyword and johns
Edgrcn also won points in thrcci
different events, Beckol'd Iinlslirl
ed second in the 440, fourth in
the 880, and was a member pl
the mile relay thank, Edgreni
joined him in the relay victory‘
and finished second in the high‘
handles and a close third in the,
laws. 1
In the two mile run, Rod,
,Brown finished second and Paul,
‘jefferson took birth. Sophomore}
 
 
 
NEED TO STORE SOME ITEMS?
WE'LL
We mean items like lamps. bookmarks. bicycles, Typewriters, etc.
STORE THEM FOR FREE ,
Have your typewriter cleaner and ready #0 go when back in Sept. l
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY ‘
927 Broad Street-
Grinnell. Iowq l
"" l
, still
, iiccrs to
l fifth
‘Trac/r Squad Wins at Elm/burst
John Russell finished fifth ir
the quarter mile and was on the
mysterious relay team. Other
point producers were Kent anderson, second in the high jump.
and Gene Kowcrt, one or the
new remaining polcsvaulters who
hash't switched from the
metal to the new iigcrglass pole,
went out at twelve icet to place
second,
Koiicrt rcinjured the knee
which had given him trouble in
football He now has a minor
case at \l'atersondhedmee and
jobs previously injured Pioneer
trackback, Bob partial and Fred
Berg All three are douhtrul end
tries in today's conrei-once iiicct,
Fresh linksmen
Defeat Cornell
The Griiincll ireshman gold
team completed their season
With a gel record \\her they
del'catch Cornell on Tuesday.
The scoring system used at the
Gi-iiiiiell course for this match
was modalsmedaldnedal. with
two best ball team matches scor—
ed lliC same way.
Al whether's 79 led the Pie—
tile14~7 victory He
scored three points over his opponent and led hi best hall
team to bit points whether's
partner. Al Peterson, scored an
84 Jeri boolean turned in the
second lowest score or the day
with’an 82, good row- three points.
The best hall team ol Kohlmnn
and John joe also won held
Steve harbor, playing in the
a position won his match
_-1.
The fl'eslimcn’s two victorian
over Cornell and one over joe
kept up their unbcatcn record
against conference competition.
Their loss earlier in the season
to iowa State, however, ended
the previously unblemished rec»
old oi Crinncll rrcshman teams,
Freshman eoli has a live year
history at Grinncll.
 
May I7. 1963 SCARLET AND BLACK Page Seven
charles Fever G users to competent loop/Meet
1” Leu Czilotlliev ‘
S§B Sports Elliltil' A By 884}! Stuff Writer ‘Siiice lhcn Griilnoll has finnish-saved’aged 79,88 strikes per man
i The unttereateu Grlnneil Cal-‘ed second twitew third and fifth this year Although this is
As “$th the ice [hr the metric.” hhﬁparts title inllcgc full them will attempt lo‘allow The printers hilton reports slightly higher than the_:l\'cl'-
the h‘event Confewme i hm m be deemed .h (hh and the eohrerehee chumptoilshof 3771575 Over these SIX years..age for the 15753 team In the
.. ‘ . . .. . . . i 3 . . , , ‘ ., ,lshlp to their round when they‘ Carleton. Knox, Belott. and‘championship meet, it is lower
biggest 5130‘“ “ “1‘9““ 0'. U“ l““-.1"dt‘-‘ “"1 ”mm?“ l travel to manchester, lilinnesote.1Coi-neli should provide the by .12 than the average over the
‘let’ MCAC ‘l l ll 1 b’tel "t 't l “ ‘
d e“ A A Vstmos WI le_ d We 01 0D ‘0"015 mlFriduy. The championship willltouehest resistance to the PIC? season oi that team.
the truck, tennis and golf conference meets be decided over 36 holes playtilccr hopes However. Grinnell‘ Selim-"rm “ha has operated
Going mm tlli. ﬁnfl weekend, 6‘ nneh null Carleton Fi-ioay afternoon and Salureloyihas ‘tleieateel all these teams in only strikes per round, will
morning dual meets during the year. Tholhe Hg [or Grlnneli's second
like admin lezttliilO' the [lat-l: for' tale crown. with the bio‘ G‘
= D. , , . . iinncll last won the crown Pioneer team of Dave sellers‘ ~‘h ‘ ‘-
need's only one point all‘lelltl. Sctll'all-g‘llc the rule is on the; in loss, when they had a 74 gmt. Em hhhm.’ RUSS garden‘its‘psiﬁowé'l‘ld‘h’gc‘ﬂu iii ‘2‘“th
.l.);lEilS of llltlcos each school has published >1“ the ten Mltlv‘ them-d going mm the mCCLiRlL‘h seller, and Dave cum hélsla score M 150‘ Sellergrcn’s 70
west Conference sports. With low score \Vlllnlng‘. l lat the brake occupational is the
computing ll total of a points to the Ctllls' 26 in se\'- lowest score a Pioneer has had
'th brake in the five years that
on sports so l'.il'. the Pioneers bumper out‘ to a lead iii the B b H T ' t ‘_ _
jllll season when they place first ill football hull second illE as@ a cam Ins ne 0 our lemon has copper“ “10W
cross country to Clix-letoli’vs championship ill the latter but‘: 1 —‘
sixth place showing on the gridiron. lVPt‘with the rank: of its pitchrngltjhis 31:52:13”! commented COﬂChlGirg Net%era Beat
. . . sa cut a hr 1' an man old tits 1 “ati - . ..:
As the ““1“?" 505mm mic" ‘0 “ “1059- the (“1'15 1”Chad to Cal soldier. the himself b‘ask‘y—‘some hi-least'snotsil aiiflﬁrriiiiEIS‘
in ground. Basketball anti indoor truck kept thin . e\l0l1.‘ba“ team managed to say\.age.fe\\. hmhhswh cum have ﬁwish 33% a F. t M 1'
“t (“C his; surprised mime in the other two SPO Lone“ only one l'ictoiy in tour {James ed 3-4 instead or 4.3 I thihlt. all ”S - ee
time swimming power, the Scarlets finished it weekly sixth last week. Fl‘ldﬂy they lost 8- .the boys learned some le — ms
to Carleton’s .t which Put the Cm- - One point hhehtl, to Knox Saturday they shirt a‘that \Vlil make them better lxtll- . cornell women Eliminated
and 11' predictions haiti been right they would have picked dOllblel‘Ci‘dU" “"01 Mmlmmlm players in the future," “1 “‘0'“ WSL competitive tennis
, . - .. _ - . - t 3- ‘ . . _, winning the list game 7 and, play In two years last Sunday
{women mm... resultﬁi 3.i‘fténw'eiiiElimi-"li with;(mapping the 5mm. 9 an... hn iowa- went they new a than en.
“31" 0 0 l0 .\ L“; < H > . “ . - f _, _ _ Tuesday the Pioneers wound up , ‘ n iowa State University at Ames,
this 51) 't to keep things even going into the sprint: seventhé confirm“ season With a 674 fill-“M myth: 3. Weather forced the may“: i
son. , loss to One ltnitnnn. runs... ainn twins. ‘ side. but three mainland were
, , , . ‘ . . e l ._ , W "m“ successfully Completed in party
Neither team did “all ln baselinll, but (.cornell inches Ba v Ande 0“ and Dell“) gym, beginning at 2 in the af.
1 ) in‘. finishing north to it Cal'l list, moving into the Hallssen WHO 1)" $581 into mm" when ' _
Filzni 113m; ‘ time empty over the [our game a. hell - WWW-
‘Shmh “.th Com“. who had ‘lmhiinhwl- . . The matches. played on SunIn the gold‘ meet at Rochester, Minn, depending: cheap been scheduled to pitch water-l day, ran as ioliottvs;
Beloit and Knox are both given a slight edge over Came. day. hurt his leg in the Knox‘mmmmnh WM”, Carol Krermeh (G) defeat—
. - . - a d could not compete . - . ea Verna Kern (1) 8:3.
2 rl Grin all; so, an olle oi the foul could Will the‘game 1“ . bliiilwll oomph _ l |
hm‘dam V.“ 5‘19 other join“). three pics Asthe coaches Anderson kitchen the Fridaylunaual-lh (medium-a .mil \\llll.lwll.‘ Judy bigger (G) selected
UH ('1 “l l l v ‘ ' game, then came in to pitch in. -"“‘“‘ ""“ "m lucky Neilsen (1) 8‘6.
themselves picked ill the P10119913 1““ 9“”5 W?” “l f“ the fourth ending or Saturday's; Ann Van builder and Carol
rlehcl heat for the wonderful) spot: so, “0 DOmlS may Change second contest. Hanssen kitchen plymouth ml: in. . . Yenawine to douglas) lost to
hands here. a complete game in the OPBIlBFiI“iii‘it&e‘i-men , llattws.iii“".in.i hill .n. lucky Neilsen and Pat Neil-
In tennis, however, Carleton is the defining favorite, ﬁgh'ing33:,L'lﬁ;com1;§n}i:;;<gz1W"- W“ l“ “"l with sen (I) 5.8.
with Gl'innell piehetl 21 strong second. It' all things turn out the windﬂhl He also kitchen
as predicted here, the defining factor Will be the truck‘Tuesday-s can1e_ .
meet ‘ The Pioneers finished the year-l
With about the stainless team in Grinnell clinton‘y,iwltll an 4A8 Conference record»
the Pioneers are picked to capture this one, with Beloit‘They finish the season within
or Cornell taking the number two spot. With the 03,51“ doubleheader at Carleton to-i
picked to do no better than ﬁftp, this powerpoint n‘i-all‘win'moymw ;
should be enough to assure the Pioneers the satisfaction. l
of having the best teams in the Conference. ‘
 
 
 
 
 
“I would have to say I all
disappointed over our record
. 7 , _.___ l
!M SOFTBALL STANDINGS
w n ‘ WAYNE'S STEAKHOUSE SAYS: 3 ' ..
GAMES REMAINING
(Come on Dawn)
Today _
Cowles vs. Langoh
 
South
Clark
liable
Rnwsnn
Langan .
Cowles
East
Smith .
West ..
North
wwwwehmaamq
maambbwwaH
Gates vs. West
ﬁloudny For a good meal anytime.
liable vs. South
 
 
 
YOU STORE YOUR VALUABLE
PAPERS IN A VAULT
FGR SAFETY . A short walk is good for you. But when you really
want to travel you can’t beat Greyhound for going
places at lowest cost. In 'fact Greyhound costs less
w ‘ thantrains, planesordrivingyourself.my,
GO GREYHOUND. . . AND LEAVE THE DRIVING TO US.
WHY DON'T YOU STORE L ' _ 3
YOUR CLOTHES lN A , , , _ . : lWai‘ ILT- Minneapolis 9.20!6.63
Des points 2.00 3.60 Iowa City 2,“) .135
VAULT ALSO? Newton so 1.45
Chicago . 3.20 “.80
. - 23612182 £0The latest storage juan ‘ St. Lmus 9.20 13.60 I mere
i, i' ' 6' ii. _,
IOWA . in Hunt? aieotoc than....ataannulmentnominal nthheinshthth.
CLEANERS ‘ REMEMBER:
new on .nav Dy lebanon enter Unit's u 5 mm m news and costs win he.
Nor all cleaners store
Phone Texano Station
innovation
The latest- storage vault- k
5 .~ ti N - ,
mm M ' mm Make sure they re safe.
‘ U . i / o e a - i
, , .und leave the drum to us
 
 
 
Page right SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, May l7, W63
pros/z Basebal/era Win single1 5‘“ 9““5'511i1‘i1‘1i'1” 11.111.
The he<hmun 11ascb1111 tea111 a11c1 1111121 runs had scmcd 1o ready second base Peie K1111.1 o 51111days—s 1.111., 10 um. 111-111 423011.111.
nmshcd 11s season Monday 111111 111-mo a1 1he 6- -5 margin. - 111a11 slideshow: Mthe ata1111;‘ 0 “honest‘IaYS—A a.m.. mechanism
r d —4 o 1.111 Euchar's1
a 6. “m 0w too 9t matt" starting 1111 the Pmncm's wcrc 1111111 base jason 1211111111- 13111 2 Dalgyson 05:91.115 .1111. 1111a 9:39 11.111.
Rapids. 1111111111; better Simpson
1111 1o 111 to Come” [he “Mh billy, p11c11c1; Nick songs. catch- church cc111e1 sci11 111111 1<11s1 F1 Prehie,v1para1111 Chapmh
1 s r ' 1 ' » -
€0,111)“qu 271 [mud 11111 111c er. Ke1t11 Zola, ﬁrss base, Dick cash 11;.1111r1e111
' 1 1 . .
5015011. 1
Leadmg 3.: going into the;
cighih. (he covers 111111111111 (he &
gap 111111 11 two 1111 three 111111
ending, 111 111C north. 1 11111711111
‘1'
 
 
 
111p1c 111; Gary W11so11 and a 1111
1111 111other 511111 T‘llc 111-are.
1111at became 1111 11111111ng run
class 111c plate.
The young rca11c1s salvador
the 11111111 111 1111 house 111 the
111.1111 by sq111-1c111ng .1 doc 11111y1
sun’rz Gives
Two Papers , . " ' _
G, , . * Winners...
5- 111111 Caiiega, gave two 1111’. . . . _
pa s a1 1he annual meeting o1 final La I
1119 A111er1ca11 Plnlosophical A 1 I
say1a1to11 May 274. .11 0111o 5111113. . . . _ .1 ‘
ua1very11, Co1111111111s. 1 1 - ' 1 -
Thc first 0[ his papers. “The
readings 01' Opposition" was
14-1 111' a season 111 which a‘
YJgoslziv p1111another, Vchlko
java . part111pa1aa
Th" 111ee1111g ‘1‘"“1‘ Kg.‘rfc.“.'as . 1111111» 1111 11111111111111 ' sanyo 111111 11111111111111 ' 11.11.1111,.“ 11.11.11,.1,_5m.,s
accumuahon _0 DC “button 1.1111111111111111 1111, 11111111111. Dkiahumasiau 11. 11:11. 11111111 11.11151111111car1111111
e1 logic and dialelxc which was .. .. .
Jliiatialed at Gunncll last year
by another Yugoslav philosophy
lVIihailo Markovic. ‘
His second paper, “The 01-11e1
of Orders in White-head's pl 1
losophy," was e1-111c1ze11 by 11111 9
Whitehead au‘hm'H’est 13' ’11 1111'1w.a:1m' real 11. D‘Agaslmn’ ‘ JuyL‘ cmnwu1a 111111: 1111111
Charles Hartsburne of the U1 ‘ wcswugimu 11111111 Saunmenlasme 1111111511 .nlhch. $111111 111111111111
site of Te. 5. and Dr. Donald1 ' - . .
perfume of Vanderbilt driver‘
stay. ‘
 
 
Commencemen‘i
Continued El‘om page 1
 
. Anm111.111111 1.11. Em: 1.112111% VinuMPiunnminicmh causes. 11111111111
93 a guy preacher, guest levy 1111111111111 1111111111111. 11111111111. 11111111111
1111-21: and v1s‘11111g professor on‘ ' '
numerous col 1e g E computer!
throughout the united States
He IS a brother n-law of Miss
Evelyn partner, rc111~1ng dean.
of women. ‘
Dr. To 'nbec, 1111a has been on‘ .4 1 . - '
(he Grin’well campus 5mm early‘ - mm swing williams: 1111111111 1111111111111 [11111111 1111112
Feblllﬂl§ recycling before Slll' UshiHDVMDakal] KBMS‘JKC U.DiCm’l"BE|in lﬂUiﬂnaSkﬂE
1112111 groups both normally and‘
1neo1ma11y and delhexmg a 5&1
11es of public various and on
campus lectures, is author o1 [he
macedonia1 “A Study in Hi ‘
way,” which enterprises a11 oil
the civilization: 111 1ho ages 1
1
Dr- 111.1111. 11.1....“ new-1 Coming next fall, . . a new PM GRAND PRIX50 for 1963-64!
who will receive a doctrine OI
laws (gym, has been profit- Add your name to this growing circle of winnersl
501‘ emel’bus of secondary edt-
$113111? ‘gicg““l§;2 ~ game“ 1 Fmal Lap corporation Prize winners! request winners...maps 11 2. 3!
111131
elected lo Phi Beta happy zlml‘ [11111111111111.1111 51111111111111 111111 c. hwy lamexW.Tnﬂ
value 11. mm
was active 1n athletics and mu,1 11.111111111111 LLolﬂalabama 111111111111 — 31111112111.
FIRST LAP "'" 111111111111 THIRD LAP
local groups while a G1-1shell1 mart. 5111111111 11111111 K 121111111111 111111 1121111111 “SW” 5"“
1.1111111111111 km: A X1111“ Gary t. 11111: 11.111111
undo1grades1e He earned 111131 01111111. 1111111111111111. 51111111151111 1m. can“: 111153119411. 191m", 9mg,
PhD de_g1ee at Columbia {1111- s111111st111 1111111, 1 11. 111111. 11111111111111 9
111s11y 1n 1907.111 addition top 1111111311121" 5111111111313”. 1111111111511? "1'” ““3”" ”NV-9"“ WWW“
teaching and ﬂdmlnlstlailvc “1.111111111311111 CnlEa121FaL.) 1111112111111 51.511111111111111u
evidence in cubic “1100]; ml WEiladel cat. I. 111 partner Hymn [Lumif “midlwasszl
Maine, M111also1a and Ne\\' York ‘ cum 119,1,“ 111111 VMI. 111151111 clarksoncnuue
. . 1111301111011 ,1
Guy, D1 Jones has headed 1111 11111111111115 WSW 1.11.111111111111 1.3.11111111111 1111111151111er
education departments a1 Rhode . 111.111.1111: 1..., 1,1 1.11111 11111111111111. 11.111111111111111 “111-.1119”
Island scanners College and the ‘ 4 lsuunpm- Emoryu.
University of Maine and 1111s; . _ 1111111111 11. 111111111111 11. 11111111. 1r. 1.111111111111111
.1 0111. 3111: me.) n. 111 1:111: 111 1 .
served on the 1.1111111, 01 the 1111115515111." W 1 WWFMSM
University 111 Southern 011111111». 111111111111 111111511111 111.111.111.111 1111.11.11.
111:1, 1111111111111 111 11111 me 11 1111111111111 1111111151111
- - 1 1 -. ,r 1 _ 2’ 1 . _ . 11.111111 111111.11. 11,1 511111.11. 11111111111113. 1 . . .
111111?szvlikllQ1-ec211-‘th1n31112101212121 corporation Prize W1users...maps 1, 2, 3! 111111311, y 11111111115111 1111111 11311 21:11:11,111.”
laws (LL.D1, allcndcd (1111111111 m 1111111111 11111 111111 11111111
from 1921 111 1925 111111 111 1.1111. — 1111111111111 51 1.1111 1.111111)
11a1cd 1111111 1111- Univc . 111 Ne- rgif'g‘f-lg'“
111~as1111 111 192 He 1111-11111 1 111w, “” “
degree 111111 11111111- 111 c1c1g111o11 1111111 “1111
university 111 11130 and Ms 1-117 31111111111111.1111” 11111: 1.51111
gagcd 111 111e 111111111111 01 111.1 111 w11111111 1111111 51111115111 11111111 11p
Omaha 1111111 15123. 11111111 he 11 11111111151111, came allowed- 1111 111c [111111117 ummtsmm “""“""”“”’i"’l.
struchon 171111111111» (5111-1111 11111: 111.111. 1" ” ““W‘S 11.111111111111111.
111111111111 111111
In 1935 lm t111c11me 111111
1111: Home O , 7._.
111111 (11.0.1 :11a a11a1 011111 SECONDW’
111 0111111111. 111111 s11t1se111111111y 1111:. 111.111.111.111“ 1.1.1.11. 1.11, “My, 1.1111
w11h the 11.01.C 111 \ lying- 11111111111111 Pannmecminge 11.111111;
11111, 13.0, 111 .11111- 111 11123 ho he.
came secrcuuy and counsel ol
1hc Expur1-1mpor1 Bank 111
Washington 11c 15 1111-1111111 111. Get Wi h the Winners, . .
sector, 0pc1~a11o11s Co1111o1 D1111.
11°11. 1:;1:1-A12:;1.12.131101"1 far ahead in smoking satisfaction!
11111111111111.111 5111111 1111111
5111111111 11111111 5111: 111. 31111 P1111
111111111 111111111121 11111111111111111
5 c w. 111-1111111
 
 
 
