grinnell College
charles @Black
oldest College Newspaper Wesl of the Mississippi
Grinnell, iowa, Friday, February i5. I963
 
Vol. LXX
 
Board of Overseers
Elect nine to planning group
Nine additional members have other, Farmers Mutual neiiisunwice-president, Magnetic Indus-
. . , once Co, Grinnell, tries, Paio Alto. valid,
19°“???‘,°,‘,",°.G”'.‘“e§ C°l . Robert E. Mannheimcr, class w. Earl sales, class oi 1935,
legs °“‘ ° ”‘53“; 5’ ac’ oi 1939, oi Des points, la. part— oi Des points, Ia. president,
”0“ of the Board 0‘ Trustees per in the law . m oi Dickin-coleman ilamiiacturing Co, Des
Gl‘shell President Howard R- son. Throcknioiton, kai~vcr,‘points.
women announced Thul‘saw- ‘Mani‘thermalﬁzliaife, Des games: Joseph L Van Horn of Grin-
No. I8,
Robert L. Pcsliel, class of 1950, well, ILL, president and chief ex ,
l
l
l
l
‘,
l
Their election brings to 31 l
the membership or the Board ‘of Overseers, which was create
ed in year ago by a special resolution of the Board oi Trustees, oﬁlocal governing body of
the college Tile Overseers
function as a planning, consulting, and evaluating body with
particular reference to the
longitude development of the
college.
i
l
Their meetings in' February,l
June and October overall with
those oi the Trustees, and their
ex ﬂicio chairman
label‘tyville, Ill.
The new Overseers. seven of
whom are Grinnell alumni: l
Charles E. Bear, class oi 1939
oi New York, N.Y.. deputy mai 1
adding director, Time-Life intel»
national, New York
Ii Eugene Brcitenbach, class
of 1925, oi Glendale, valid, judge
of the Superior Court for the’
County of Los Angeles and pro
riding judge of that court's juvenile court.
Miss Elizabeth phones Butler,
class oi 1917, of Fort Dodge, 1a.,
retired director of social work
for the Graham School, listings.
on-lrludson, N,Y.
Harold G. Horn, class oi 1933,
oi Portland, are., regional manager, pacific Northwest oniccs,
Business Men‘s Assurance Co.,
Portland.
Lawrence G. Keenev of Gi'inn
well, la, president and *eCulivc
fri teachers
display work<s
al' Scheaf‘her
An exhibition of recent work
by the ﬁve members of the art
department is currently on view
in Scheaii‘er Gallery of the Fine
of Los fotos Hills, Calm, vice-l
president and chief engineer;
precisely Instrument C0,, and‘
By Larry tracker l
5 do )3 state Writer 1
At 11 am today in party
symposium the distinguished
British victorian, Arnold J.
is Trustee Toynbee, delivered the list in topic, and on March 25 will open
Chairman admin s. Hewitt of a series of eleven lectures as a series of three talks open to
[John R. Heath visiting professor general public on content
Soi‘ of History.
Toynbee began a
sequence of talks
History."
According to Fred C. less, director of public relations, Toynr
bee is stated to give a private
interview to the local and nav
signal press \his afternoon.
Toynbee arrived here with his
will on Monday, and since that
time has toured the campus and
has spoken to Wednesday's his!
typical studies class on the “Fall
of Rollie"
pic-hard S
tony).
wins morning
tour—lecture
on “World
Westiali (his-
indoor for the
Toynbee vi t, explained that
Toynbee's appointment items
from correspondence initiated
by the college almost two
years ago. The first Heath
professor, also an Englishman
and an victorian. was John
noble, who came to Grinneil
in 1960.
Singing both folk song‘s
routine officer. General helen
Odetm will appear tonight in
phone Companies oi Iowa, Missouri, and Nebraska, Grlnncll.
“forecast means of br final
Toynbce into contact with students."
, About 15 students each time‘
will line at Grinnell house with‘.
Toynbee. Direct and meaningtull
conversation is the aim, so there‘
will be no faculty present to act
‘as intellectual intermediaries. In
addition to the winners, Westfalll
is entitled “Colonialism in Re- scared that Toynbw would be‘
ll'aspect” Then on April 9 reception to a “limited number”
Toynbcc will discuss “The Probe of invitations to other student
let of Race Feeling" and on meeting,
May 13, “worldwide Social bus—, bag, semester the history de.
ticc: Demands and Possibilities.” cum", prepared an extensive.
Between April 15 and May 6 lbihliography oi Toynbee writTuynhee will deliver four ml» ‘inns, and for those registered
drums on the ﬁphilosophy 0‘ by the provision of availablel
lusloryl wins series M“ be “material Westfall suggested they
highlighted on April 15, when ‘arranged "Study of History,"i
Erie Voegelin. professor or his— :“Reconsiderations,” and "Hellenrl
way at the University of Mu- ,ibm" as possible starting points.
mall engaged Tnynhee in a Tovnbce, who has traveler
caheeehour dialogue on the ,the world almost as exclusively.
illulosophy of history. Voegelini as he has interpreted its historyil
himself a professor of history. ‘lies been in America inanyl
is an old personal friend oi ,things His last visit was in 1961
Toynbec, land took him to eleven colleges,
The informal aspects oi Toyn-‘and universities on the East'
bee’s stay will center around a coast. During the Heath prices-l
series of 17 dinner discussions‘worship he will make a limited
with students. festival said this number or experiences over at;
dinner device would be the widely scattered area. rankings
The journal side oi Toynbee's
proicsscrship is contained in the
lecture series. On February 18,
March 1 and March a he will:
wind up the “World History"
pcrary social problems.
The ﬁrss of these on March 25
and the blues, the popular
party at 8 pm.
ll’cruises of To ynbee processors/lip told
from Washington, DC, to bali<
bosnia.
For thirty years ,ii-om 1925 to
1955, Toynbec held the position
of director 'of studies at the
Royal institute oi international
oil-aids in London. He was born
in London in 1539 and educated
at manchester and million, Ox—
lord ,
During both wars Toynbce
served in a research capacity
with the British Foreign Office,
and during the peace negotiations
other each war _ at Versailles
in 1917 and Paris in 1945 a he
was an official neither oi the
British delegation.
His great livestock the 12—
volume “Study of History," was
concerned during the First World
War Toynbee once said, “It:
struck me that the arabic paper-H
hence we were going through
had already been experienced by
the breaks. It came to me that
it was possible for one society
to have experienced things that
were still in the future for
another society.” The mass'Ve
study of parallels between hiv
locations was begun from this
original idea. Volume twelve
was completed in last.
 
CoiHP takes action
By Dave Baetz
5&3 proof CorEditor
One oi Grinnell's covered true
options was published and anothr
er seriously questioned Tuesday
night at the Council oi House
treatments meeting.
and talks
reshuil‘line” of the male students.
llhe individual student. He cited
"°“°”'5 ”cum‘s “‘ “1° julie lack or interaction between
1) 1' es 9 nt fourryear residence
jconducive to the development oi-
Deba’rers win
‘version first
Four trim-tell delivers Won
lrecognition at a recent debate
tournament at Western Illinois
“iraternity»ty‘pe “system” were
centered around three basic
shortcomings: “appropriate, ri—
nudity, and anti-intellectual—
ibm,"
Arts Center. The exhibition,l
which is open to the public, will
continue through March 5.
Dean oi Men Stephen E. Wood,‘ According to Hweu the prev.
representing the administration. cut men's housing system is in-
;announced that the cumulative COHS’YUOUS hills the CDIIEsE'S aim.
The faculty members are rElJ‘ hall grade point operates “.oulduvhich is to provide a rich, di-j
reserved by 71 works in various not be computed or published verseﬁcd, intellectual atmosphere
1calls and right hall traditions as
‘two of the major adults in the
present system.
. Alter a presented discussion
‘of the advantages and disadvan»
[ages oi both the present and
proposed residence systems, it
was decided that each hall president should discuss the
its members or his hall before
any further action is taken.
 
media, as follows: lion the 1962-63 school year. i,
The dean said, “People take ;
, these operates car too seriouSA l
. iy while in reality they indi l
date nothing oi any const- ,
quence. ‘
.itichard Cerveiie — oils and
’collngcsl
Robert McMillan — oils and
drawings in silvcrpoint and
pen and ink.
smith Sternfeld — \materials
org and travel pllnlugraphs in
color.
"The calls with a greater nuclear oi ireshmcn or physical sci. _ _
,icncc majois will naturally have Tht‘ 50ml Coordmawl‘ John
a lower grade com than those‘Gleysieelh announced top‘ , that
1M”, a higher contents" of'the Friday evening and _5under
lupperclassnieii or social science “Mm”? We“ "00‘“ 1mm" “"”
,-0,.5r Wood added. The ha 1. be continued next semester
serve circle f pottery and ‘title the greatest native ability
. Glenn circle _ silver-smith—
iiig and jewelry.
Social Planning Board announces,
open house policy for semester
l
cards the open house rules.
In a meeting last night the
Board discussed branches in the
drinking rule and sex misconiduct that could possibly bring
an end to the pregnancy open
issue ,
jewelry
The exhibition marks the ﬁrss;
public presentation here oi tlic‘
v-oak oi serve and Glenn circle,_
who Joined the i‘adults in the
tall oi 1951. '
McMillan, chairman oi the art
department, stated. “Both ol' the.
zip-klcs display work oi excel—
signal scsi n and craitsmanship,
visiting a reappraisal oi com,icon misconceptions concerning
the status of ‘crafts' as art."
might easily end up at the not-‘tom oi these his '1
with the conclusion oi the mi,
[in] besides‘ . Com? president
Steve Hot:
ll introduced a Dl’out
lposal im- a new North campus.
unions were noted by Clcystecn ing
:as causes for possible calicellarist‘and on pi‘erplirty program.
mail residence system.
His proposal calls for a one,
year system of hall residence,
modules alter the system pl'e‘-‘
entry in use on South camping
This plan, according to powell
would being about a “desirable
However, the Social Planning,
, University in Macomb.
The students were dance 0p.
persian and Phil Johnson, soph.
colored, and John Black and
click ready, freshmen. Johnson .
‘and Opperman entered the
variety, cross-examination event
and won first place. oopernaan,
was voted the outstanding single
webster for that event. The
two ircshrncn won excellent things in conventional >relating
and were among the top live
variety teams.
Represented at the tournament
were 27 different colleges and
universities from nine states. The
,lGrinnelliaiis related with sin-i
ldcnts from Bradley, Virginia
State, Navy tier, plymouth,
St, Louis, and program Young.
‘ Another Grinncll debate group
attended a tournament at rental‘al College in cells Ann
loclugach, bali Raising, Eric
 
lilacobson, and Ralph Craft re—
Board has reserved the right to
cancel the program at any time
during the semester Gaps in
student responsibility in carry—
ing out the open house regu
tion during the semester
The Social Planning Board
has reserved the right to evaluate the student attitude to-
house program and to the regu—
nearly scheduled program
i The Board Voted temporarily‘
,to approve the r law-ly speed»
rules but did not. take :1
According to Glcystccn, a
closed—door open house policy
was considered but not approved
because oi student violations.
l
limited a certificate for excel~
1 lunch in relating.
sources 7 W
included program under the exist-l
l
l
 
Page Two SCARLET AND BLACK
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, low:
a accily newspaper wubllsllcd cad. i-ridge- hr iii. cnlv-v»
critics, all.
, Represented iii- not not ndiciusing
rising sci» c, lrla.. college i>nlihdicis lies.
. is East soil sci-cut, New rail; N.Y. settled .
id at. tiiiiiiicll, login. siibscimiion rate sun
iiiii norm-i:
l
Cum“. um“ i iiri note: The iollcwiiig ctllumli represents
1
i
piece powell's personal viewpoint to which
the SScB cells‘ its support and does not rep-
. i . ““55 “WW“ recent the views of the not‘all’ of which powell
a 151- s . i . .
ss 1- for- guilty rciciisii . .5 bmw‘ent
devices ismrolls alcdney, l’liil iiiiig l
$333. “10109; - » - - Pagermﬁglﬁ t it is an curious task to rt‘lliedy the preventing
. , . Admit,” icliseidci- of a system haiti within. 1 invision that
. tunisia s which .nc move to english the Mcl' Residence Hall
MM '., “N" it'mar-year system will ever (navigate dolls china
‘35.}. "lit“: .‘put This type of an attempt could be related to
an .xuisiuii -trio rcapportienmcnt struggle in the iowa begins
,iatui-c never will an iowa translator acquiesce
All letters to tile Editor written for publication in the charles .to remove himself and l * i-click italian po '
it Black must be types and double spaces, No unsigned letters :tion from pcwci without tcihui directive. cities
ill be printed. Howﬂver, writers’ names will be mitchell upon l\\'llc, a 103'le Grinncll milf would never consent
request. The 5&3 reserves the right to shorter any letter. {to break the bonds of il'lelidslltl) and tradition
ithat llZlVE establls ed tlieilisclvcs in the hall at
° this college care
Cooperahon ? l But i ask the Giiimcll man to stand aside and
Administrative and student elements fear the charles 351;;5‘23,.:Lf.‘,‘.’l“i.‘§del‘.‘.¥.i iiﬁbuf‘fiiiiiiiiijlooiirehiilalig
and Black. In thosllol‘t time _I'\r'e been Acting Editor I’ve daily knows. to what is close in him. in his hull
l‘- (l the opportunity to question several members ol‘ the lclloivs, and to l’lIS hall tradition. in the sense iii
til-innell hierarchy known “seats 2 t . which this tradition reflects the achievement oi
as the adminisiiuiﬁon mn‘tell m he Studentsithe hall members. And on the other hand, to he
- i . illllidtul at Ll duty to promote a Sense of hospitals
In this title ave continuously heard these men an- its and Openness in his daily life a willingness
XS'tel‘ direct questions \title, “I don’t mean to be massive, to Willie mg"; 10d sqmtetlilihg “if.“a'em‘ alildda
but 1 just can't really say.” patch reply or ic_ in en sons o iusc_oil S) e
_ Or, before I can get ii direct answer on possible cliarlges‘ioéiégC WSW“ Who “want to (cum ms wellll allen(llllll\all% rules: llﬁe nicholas In}? rule and the car rule, Mm“, or the long standing ”women-(S to the
-€ 1“ e” 5“ e085 0 ﬁle lecoir. . you- year tradition have stated that this system
' Last night the Social Planning Board held a meeting represents a compromise between the fraternity
which studied the Open forms situation. The Board was and [he dm‘m'lm’y system. I think that the" an,
to make a recommendation as to the possibility of COntlllll'
ASSISTAZVI news EDXIOI: . iii"? gui
for-r I‘DITDR . .
in. mi.
i,csiu- north-lies.
 
‘wlysis is valid; however. I must say that this
-, . . .~ . .. , , lcompromisc between frame and forms embedded
11 g 01 changing the just semester open form Doll . pilot the benefits but the evans of both systems _
The S&B was not permitted to send a i‘e‘poster, ‘lJE-its‘le humidity and anthintellectualisiii ol' the fri-
cause it was felt a representative of that publication at a $33“: 513139383:ch3:233:03:fylﬁogﬂii‘wu
,silent-taclilty meeting would have a sterling; street upon 3” Hm}. natural order, humidity, nnii,,nleiie'c'mai,
tile uninhibited discussion. ‘ibm. and appropriate.
“e do not Wlsll to stable discussion], “a bush to voting At new.” principal me" are capable of .50,
cdiiipus issues before the students. “a believe meetings rating (henjselvpg in their established residence
alien to l'eln'esentatlves at student government should he fails and of institution twice own personal integer‘eiw ted to the students. We would hope that the admin: tions witch the hall unit This process is initiated
isolation would welcome open discussion 0t controversialuiv a vegetable majority Within a hall which
rules rather than hide behind the ”no comment” pl'OLGCthE‘predict itself to upload the social limitations of
bad her. ‘the hall or to defend the hall against treasures
’ elected bv the college at large Within this half
‘fortrcss the ideals of the majority are regeneratllncensed
Jim Herzog'
Acting Editor
, Davicl high‘ibourné
Forum For percent
standing 01' a number of concepts. issues, methodri ,
origins or problems which are not specsﬁc to any; To the Edit» one discipline but cut across departmental and
Ed. note: David Lightbollrne, :l Grinnell College sophomore majority in American studies,
will alternate writing “Forum For percent"
this semester with Tom Phillips,
intent upon everything the most p~ negative
and significant subject possible (or this first today
into combining, your reporter 1'O\'e(l inlp party
gym last week 101' the essay part of the junior
liberal arts exam He can now report that the
experience was simply marvclous
First 01 all. absolutely nobody complaints
about. the early morning scheduling it was taken
for granted that everyone would get to sleep
later, iii the afternoon. when nothing was happening anyway, Instead, the spirit of integration
was in tlie_air All, over the basketball court people wcrc integrating knowledge as fast as you
can say “lVlol'timer tyler," while in the door -ay
from time to time stood those few whose minds
coupon’t stand the intensive atmosphere and who
tions at dinner have centered around “the nature
or mall.” specifically in terms of the -istcniiai
dilemna, pragmatism, and physical education pro—
nation.
jul assuming that the exam will really b
accused my are
reasons ,
i J
c nouiiccd seven
question. ”What (lid you think of the JLA exam?” l pussy doubt,
union. Ne longer will students feel embarrassed make gamma“:
at filling in the obvious and expected replies on in me “com
simply permit - in January, Just to play it safe. 2) M,"
the syllabus will be memory’ d as cold as the "
Lord's Prayer, and the levels of
“tablet" will be fixed at l-
_ . ‘ing to
Maybe none oi this makes any difference;
bad'passing idEzls"
i Hot/i system anachronism
Last week's editorial on “Grin-l
additional boundaries." Ever since then. conversariiiell, AF." by Alan jefferson
The Ford grant
required for graduation in future years .tlw pic—lGlImmelsOni the“ a
true begins to get obvious, No longer Will the had added on campus I sen
therefore, .
be asked whimsically on Friday nights in the is competent to make such dog—‘
Gummorson’s
“rating i..,trial the odiiiinisiration is tr)-‘
“skills discussion of cm-i
maybe jul’llllg basement never understood theiHCOllL‘Cl'l‘l [01' Gl‘inn’well's
Friday. February l5. I963
piece powell
cd by two methods air inc hull mail 'ty
operates one of its _Vmpathlzr‘rs to the position
01 hall president 7 u ltlllow who will maintain
his sympathy with his supporting group and will
sun eptiiiously pledge h's willingness to support
the ideals of the institution. Second, the civil iii—
lows structure an educational system (wrapping)
to align the infections of the freshmen behind
the iiiaioiiiys idcais. -
Consequently, the hall candidates an inconiestable tradition and a humidity that demands the
adhci-once oi its members. This humidity (cs 1
the second oi the three evans. anti—intellectual
gsm. It happens more often than not that the liltentiolis ot the hall liidjuritv run contrary to
those of the college at large, and more disheartening. these infections generally contrary to the
purposes of the academic community.
Hence. the Grinnell men concerns that. their
hall stands as a governing unit quite apart from
the ci-iimeil Campus, They air quite right A
great abuse extends down the center of rights
avenue separation the mcii's calls from the rest
of the campus, The hall on one side represents
an escape from the general academic life on the
other The hall resistance to the all—campus attitude can bc qualified as a clicllcsthrowing, bridge—
lightning existence.
This haiti-intclloetualism breeds an appropriate,
the fiscal product oi a ri ice tour—year system
This year we have been frequently reminder of
Us range of iiiipippricty extending from the
d grateful buifooricry of shipping to the general
disregard for rules and regulations.
These three evans have been circulation within
the system for many years with recording emv
phases in seven year cycles. Because these_ei-its
have been brought to the lord- so periodically
within the system, i tcci their presence is some7
what 'claim to the SVSlem.
Therefore, 1 ask the Griiiiieli man who is
capable or examination himself tmpomrily from
this situation to consider seriously the oossihir
its of replacing the four—year hall system.
Would this move to english bc a manager for
our ills? No This change in structure would not
date the ideals of a highly respected Grinnell
important the change would more fully Emmi-not
basically alter the face of the campus. but most
college community. The foto'ryezir system is an
anachronism in our’progressive college life, and
now it is time tD l‘eliminate llc system so that
the residence calls can be integrated into the
entire Campus program.
reader degrees editorial;
trouble ‘conference’ of writer
store is not paul Wassom's pets
social property but the college’s; all losses must be all501'de by the college.
ll) The episode. however, is
the taking —- dimensional or
accidental—of books from the
library, Over 1,500 volumes oi
our 135.000-V01use collection
are missing. Students who the
literature take these books
either intentionally steal them
or want to remove the Source
materials (01‘ other students.
Recently it Student made rm
attempt to hide the filtering
of 42 books of “recommended
readings." The reason? Not to
for three good
was an
weeks after‘
freshman
that h
about Griiinell'
days.
choice:
because of a
image”
wanted to compare answers instead
By now. or your . some 01 the aiisii-c have
become legendary When asked to (lo rise any
ideal theory which is still maintained even
though it has been proven to tail in practice.
somebody chose Griimell Cciicgc Anclhci elder
men, diseases by one question. had to admit
that “Madame rotary" is not at all like “The
Declaration of independence "
_ When the cvam was planned iii ilic iii-st place
its infections were made clear, “The essay pop-
read them, but to prevent
classified from writing good
papers. thus keeping down the
class curve.
Of course, the students who
want the books suffer. A stud
sent researchers a paper on
Shakespeare, for instance will
discover that over 20 of his
listed resources are missing.
value oi‘ lnlelduﬂl thinking anyway and Grin-.is elderly ridiculous — but. bed‘
null graduates will go on to bigger and lloltcl"yield that. it is somewhat cow-i
things iii great Book, circus on groups Man ,nrdiv II he thinks his charge‘
picture may be Ll'native: obviously his task iiiu__ is (me, it is his july to cite‘
i
sci be . . . ,
Thcrc is ilic possibility however 7 iusl as 5135“.“ "man“: “he“ special
them is the DOSSlbili_' of eventual inter-est iv 3 “‘t‘"‘jt.‘“‘§" sql’g‘Fmil Law,
the presentations’llllg store cf student publications em” ‘99 M a “"“e ' 5‘5
ithat somebody's going to review-fiber the idea.h“"?.n°”e “I ”“359 value gen'
behind the liberal arts college, This place is erahlmsl
supposed to wider more than online the undo-i 3) jefferson contests act-
tion is designed to measure the student's under-
graduates education.
 
Schmin/t elected at U. Of Penn.
By rentals henderson
5&3 Exchange Editor
Tulane University in New
Orleans. La., recently admitted,
without. incident. ll hello slut
cents, thus breaking a 129 year
old color bar in the school's ads
mission policy, Smell of the students were admitted to the gradltzttc school, one ta the" school at
Social work. one to the undergraduate college, and two it,
‘al students on a part time
The Dean oi Carleton
log’c, Northiield, Minn, in a
recent statement said that
within five years the trading
system as it now exists will
be out at ten oi the leading
jul-
label'nl arts colleges in America," all’ statement was based
, on imports ons he received at
an uiioft'trial meeting tit means
from such schools as Oberlin,
Haveriei-d, Carleton, Grinneil,
Pomona and Occidental. lie
said that he found that the
Harvard business and law
schools, the Columbia Med nl
Sclloul and the University at
Chi ge among others are
willing to at edit students for
graduate we i from leading
liberal arts colleges without
grades. Students would be
ranked on an llotlrSrpaSSrl‘all
. system.
i
l
1",
As a protest against students'bc sen-ct
campus.
government on the
,r lunch at the finite ill oi
‘Pennsyll‘anln elected a fictitious
candidate with the name cl
Schmiiih as their class president,
Schainik received fifty per cent
iii‘ the votes while the "real"
lsccciid place candidate received
vol‘all' iliiiiceii per cent.
oithwcstci-ii Uiiiiei-silk recently sci-cisco a pl'm'lotus der
vision to allow Gccrge Lincoln
.lioclcwcll to speak to n small
inumbci- ct students there, in
icaiicclhng the Nazt leader‘s
scheduled appearance. citiciiils
of the ulii crsity stated alias
touch action iv s being l‘dtmli be-
.Ca in good purpose would
in submitting him to
speak
comic freedom with social free<
idol or course. it would be
;ioleal it all Grinncilians were
jsclfrcniitrolled and continually
mature However, it is becoming increasingly apparent that
while Grinncllians, as a whole.
are quite dramatically iiiaiuvc,
they are, as a whole, quite etllOv
tionally creature
Before jumping to the nasty
conclusion that the only possible
reason for Dr women" refused
to change the chip big and
hours riiics. Guiiiinc .cn should
have considered the possible
reason that Gi-iiiiieilians have
shown that _ l\'e> invisible at
handling then csciit tracked
with responsibility and thus
should not have more freedom
For example.
al Even though the book
store has turnstiles, there is
still some tllicvcry of books
and other items, What the std-
cents don't marine is that llil: ,
We all know other e.
of student fri-esponsibiity
discuss‘test # throwing notices
on the post-office floor. fucking
in lunch line, etc These students
are hunting even one's chances
of performing the administration
we can handle more freedom.
Our rules are the result of student irresponsibility and apatll}
not administration obstinancg.
1, for one. am heartily sick of
student prices against the ad—
registration \\'llel\ the students
themselves have an enormous
amount of untitled potential
power through their formal organizations and informal social
pre ‘ul‘i‘.
in the last analysis. any
changes in student life will ot:our. not by adlllinlstratian flat.
bill only by something our own
shortcomings and seeking to
remedy the situation ourselves.
Ann Lousin
 
Friday, February I5, I963
SCARLET AND BLACK
Grabendorff sees little fashion;
finds few well dressed women
By Wolf Gl‘amendedﬁ
Our transparency used to say
“Winter does not know any
fashion—it knows only warm,»
clothes!" But now we have see—
dial boot designers and a whole,
. industry top- ski and ‘acres-ski’l‘
sessions, just to name the niostt
important winter fashion month'ibm
store
Only principal seems to observe
. the same rule as in our grand—
parents' times, But this is true,
until-tunately, almost the year
around, so that a careful specialty might come to the conclu-;
sign that the Grinnell campus
does not know any tashionsl
After my ﬁrss week at Grinnell I discussed the fashion
issue with some oi my friends.
They only watched and saudi
“Well, it you want to see niger
ly dressed girls, you have to
go to church on Sunday!”
At the time I thought that
was a real good i but have
since discovered that it is the
pure truth, But i just can't see
why the boys should go to
church on Sunday morning just
-to see the inhabitants of south
campus’ in a civilized outﬁt.
1 really wonder it our new
Campus» fashion corresponding
for “Mademoiselle" will report
sessions for church services and
formal cancer, or it she is going
to describe the famous union
output ala uneomhcd hair, a not—
too-clean sweatshirt, lewis of an
unknown age, bobby socks and
tennis shoes?
Almost everyone seems to he
I
l
aware ot the terrible impression‘
he or she makes, but very few
arc willing to change their habits. it would be difficult to ﬁnd
more than a dozen people on
campus, most at their girls, who,
although not always well dressed, at least desire to make a
l recently
“The boys (girls) don’t care
about one's appearance anywayl"
Both statements sound good, but
they are wrong.
The example ot Radcliile girls,
reported in “Life,"
shows that even stralghtrA girls
can look pretty it they want to.
To run around gypsy—like is not
a sign of shooting all file’s time;
to studies, but shows business
and carelessness,
People who think they can
stress their intellectual icon- ‘
contorinity with boards and
jeans may have their place und ;,
der the bridges oi the being, ,
but here in Grinncll it looks i
much more like shall- stentinlisni.
How about the often used or
moment that boys or girls d
not care how their dates are
dressed? 1 have asked man .
people it they really like iii si
let' used in blacks and dirty ten»;
his shoes for a date. or boys
lunshaven and wearing speakers‘
title of holes. Most answers sound
,this way: “It is actually not very
‘impol'land, but, of, course, ill
would be much niger it they ,
s , i ».
would care a little bit more‘ .
about their dress." Arnold J. Toynhee, (fifth from left
That [her exists, even on the: library with several students and his Wife (second front left).
quarter to end ,
presentations ‘
of Beethoven
The last. program in :1 st,
n»
) visiting Heath Professor, posts in But-list,y
 
Grinncll campus, a natural tool—l
ing for good taste is shown by:
the fact that whenever a girl,
enters the union Wearing :tl
greater 0r browse which mitchell
the skirt, quite a few people‘
turn around and say, “What a
l A public administration ad-
Public adminisl'ra’tion advisor 5
coming to Grinnell next' week l
sharp diesel” _ Practical Political Education, dlrl
‘vtsor and consultant to key got-
. . i
i bed'eve that there is not a , needed by 0- Edwm Gilmourl
' ,1 who Would not like content officials, James R. sat. (political science).
Cl son, will be on the Griiinell Col-i
legs campus next contact
, y . through Wednesday, under that
input, it she wanted to It is not1 Sponsmhm of W Murray new
a matter oi much time or icon; _
ey, but simply a matter of good seafood Good Government Fund,
still, good ideas and good master
isingle
’to hear this and who would no
it~e able to deserve the comply—
Watson's schedule includes
attending classes, meeting [Orr
rally :mid Informnlly with concert series completing all
sittdenfs. and student groullsi the Beethoven string quartc
iiiicl giving air all—college leCr lwm be played by the oem
lurc- ﬂle lecture, Careers In >quarter at Griiinell college cn
l
l
l
, i
During his stay. Watson, who,
 
good impression.
The others say either ”We are
here for education and nothing
else, and we have to device all
our time to that," or they argue
Po wet politics in the ne w;
A great task or station-art is
to use national power ‘effective.
1y. More precisely, policy-may
era have resources at their com
many which are useful in attack—
ing policy objectives Thus,
when we speak or using nations
a1 power effectively, we really
mean exploring resources cite a
timely.
chi distinction is far from
being a atlantic one. Power rec
term to a relationship between
given parties where “A" gets
“B” to do s anything “B would
not ordinarily do. II "A” succccds in getting ' to act acc
coicliiig to ‘A's wi. its, then "A"
is said to have powc- over “B".
The means which “A" explore
in tosteriiig conditions [Ur the
exercise or power are tA‘s" resources,
Now let us apply this con.
cent to international attack In
what kind ot circumstances can
our resources, or our instruments or creation and permission. hc used so effectively that
the United States can be said to
Urban Art-aids," is scheduled iT] . o
for 8pm. Tuesday in counter l 13’5“)“ lab “1'
Lounge. This speech is open to , Like the other five, l tel-
)cell, which will be at 8 pr
the public. ,
'in Robert Theatre, will be open
fl'Dm'Lo the public without charge,
1933, oakland no reservation: will be
Well there is no reason to he ,5 mm,” the bomb», , ,
, . e dirty—
lllopeless. The posts call Spring 1 y
.th great palm; may he ipmm top of the Rational civil Sci l
lGrinnellians as charmingly as he "‘09 League, Will be hosted by
shoes natural students in the Program int
‘ Mike HorwaliL
Following graduation
_-Coi-null College in
,son, who was formerly from Wan needed,
lterloc, did graduate work at‘ ,
‘Columbia University Since then. Fealuml “",“ be the Beau“
"his career has embedded the We“ clark“ m C'S‘B‘l’ Min“!lpublic services on the local,‘opus 131, “‘9 13th and la“ "5
title complete Beethoven puerto-s
to be terrorists by the hence
, Prior to morning the National group. The other 15 were p
lcii-il Service League in 1949, presented in the first live concert
was first, founder and director Opening the program will slot the School oi Public Adminis- Schoenberg's String Trio, oops
ti-union at the University of 145, composed in 1946,
Puerto Rico, and then an also»
governments. dam Professor Bf pohhmil As a preliminary to the ThurSscience at Western Reserve Uni—,day concert, the xerox pro
variety He has bean a species which is ouartctin-respective
lectures in public administration the college this year, Will 3
,al New York University and at,a public lecture Monday, Febthc University 01 Pennsylvania. 13. from 2 lo 4 pm, in R0
state. and national levels,
relations Each time the SovlclS‘and impressive
and the United States encounter‘The strength at Castro in Cuba
each other directly, and one oigand the diet long in South l
another must back down, lllc‘vietnam was drawn from al
‘probability of one or another'il sympathetic population chosen
,‘countries building lessons. Thus, members either participated ln,’
when the outcome of events do‘welfare, or had no will to deal 104 of the ANS wedding r'
‘not or cannon since upon super-.,third the casting government, ,Watsoii will he Crinnclrsyms Center, Their Shim-ac} will
iii-its in military resources,l1n both instances, the regimcstt‘depth scanned other, gamma “Schoenherg and Been,“
,shock military creation discusses which the gucrillas have soughthS moms have iiicludccllCrc-alive proceeds'
itself as a liable instrument in and are seeking to impose relief: H _
lthc pursuit or national ublcc» on the use of military supplies “an" lane, Chanmttn uftheAcI Members of the xerox Qua _
llivcs sign made possible by U. S. rechwsu v Commission on into ,act are Peter Marsh and Thccs
‘ since the early 1950 the lies"try5‘1)1”1'ﬂc'l [Iln bothlfases,t wle have environmental Relations, who dora santa. violent; Paul oem,
' problem for for . i iolicwgt vwec \e common 0 (ﬁve opiwas at the cells e last yet ._ , .- , ’ ,_
425$, appears to ho that if, in such a way that we had little, ‘4 3 “ “01% and Donald McCall. media.
categorizing those clicumstanccsibf “0 Cunll‘ul Over the llllllza'l
which are harm), ",thth motion at our own resources Int
imam” [mm those which areltlicse cases. more possession 01'
‘priniarily notre'ulllal‘y, Failurcll'csoulcqs 15 not synonymous:
its make these destinations earlierﬂh ability lo control, at pmvcnzl
enough to pursue an_ allerllauvv Our mistake in both instanccsl WW? “35.00% and _IS Liuslm: us it as to estate military and ecoJTodily
‘nearly- This Is particularly true comic resources with power. Bar, QUEENS ARE WILD
llc Southeast Asia, and daily‘must we hm.e resource, we} he 51mm" career Flam M Pm
america. think we have power We, Comm, Odetta, Darbv art“. 8 DJIL
i
Let us take two timely exams ‘thought we 1le power every _ , . _
plus; South vietnam and Cuba, Cuba. We think we have power‘ D‘my‘mnbv WWW 'W‘W’L‘: 10 P-min both instances, the outcome‘over South Vietnam, The onlySaturrlay
we can have power [0‘ QUEENS ARE WILD
 
alias been untavorablc to the US. away
l Freshman basketball, Cornell, 4 |).mr
have power over country B_ I“ 2,le have lost Cuba, and we are science or pursuant itlicsc count
certain scsi c, the withdrawal ol‘Probably going to lose Vietnam tries to do that which they are,
SOVleL missions and troops from Those two countries P " '5 “0‘ "PW “mg. ‘5 ‘0 “"mhlmci‘
cpha provides such an example three common character stick,significance portions or the topic‘l
or the power of the united‘which are or crucial concern pollution. Such my objective, if llc
states am- the Soviet Union, our discussion. These three werclcmﬂd be obtained, would bcl
Because of our- unequivocal included in pro-Castro Cuba and‘PuI‘ChaScd at enormous costs,l
threat to rise our power micro now included in the pressingﬁhpct;l aggressive would be re:
, , ’Saigon regime: ll tlcnioi-ali-cctllqutrc to achieve such a goal.‘
swim {n “‘9 6‘9“” “‘5“ ”Wimphmmhg g) gamma warren,join-statute in the world court
50V“: ““1 "0‘ “”“fly (““1 °““‘and 3) recipes which owen their multi would sink to 2t disable
terms, the Soviet Union pci: survival solely to 1.7.5. local‘lctallll‘our level,
for-med an act which it woulclland military resources. in the ,future, policy-inakersi
not have performed in the all Thc rehabilitation followed must distinction between re»
since or our threats. ‘Il‘Um “CPI‘CSSM “WOW“ and south s and power, and llelwccni
_ . _ . _ social conditions illustrated by, , . . . ..
Such piecaiious situations alcico up, gourmet Guemla those situations which are iii
tortunatcly 7 rare in the welfare rohowm hm, fx-use-a_‘ll'law'llc military in character anal
conduct ot current illtcl’natlonalitiun with correct, iiicltectiveithosc \\which are not.
Basketball, Cornell. 7:30 pm.
Ice skating, career Plaza. 9 p.m.
south-o dance, Women's gym, 9.15 pm.
Post-game party, Union. 9:45 pm,
Movie, A.R.H,, “400 flows,” 9:45 pm.
Sunday
QUEENS ARE WILD
College church, service Chapel, 1130 am,
Open swimming, 2'30~4:30 pd“,
movie, ARK, '400 flows," 8:30 p.m,
Wednesday
Ice skating to music, career Plaza, 871130 D m.
Thursday
Concert, Len - quarter, Roberts Theatre, 3 pm.
members, service Chapel, 9:45 pm.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February l5, I963
 
7/
crime” Prqis lS&B editorial sports Senate probe
joining seminar"
links scholarship represent policy
Two Grrnnell college faculty
lnembeis will value part in a
‘week-long “Academic Seminar”
to be held
‘cells, Feb 18-23 The theme will
be “contained of Man in the
First Century AD.”
Dr. Arnold J. Toynbee, Heath
marketing pr-windsor of history at
Gi hell this semester, will give
_ ‘leutui‘ed lectures on Wednesday
afternoon and Thursday martin ,
‘ Dr. William T. McKibben,
genetics professor of classical
languages, will be a Monday arts
canyon playlist in a discussion
‘ ‘or the Roman connection of per—
Snow Carnival Queen, Leslie newsletter, posts on a to»
big'can in the first inf lzisi: Saturday’s events.
 
Cooling uni’r her
ps Jack cross
and 3&6 ready ice for sea’rers
By Karen robinson
5&3 Feature Editor
Tire pale winter sun is skills
low in the east. The themometei',
covers above zero. flooring thesystem )just be kept on to m-l
Cold and the early hour. two‘
men hook up a hose and begins
speaking a Concrete slab. Is these
the action or carmen or a site:
oi the winter politics”
Neither, it's merely two Build-l
inns and Grounds man remaining:
the ice on the career Plazal
link, ‘
These men spend tour to iivc_
hours daily shipping the rrnh'
of the previous night's ice chips
and speaking a fine list of hot
water on the link to fill in the,
picks and causes. ‘
The amount or water updated
on must, be carefully month‘older‘
since the optimum depth of ice
is three-quarters of an inch to add extra
an inch. Above this level the lcei
will not stay frozen.
THE RINK uses the air condo»
winning setup of the Fine Arts
Center as its cooling system.‘
The london air conditional
pumps r-etrigcront cooler to 12
degrees through pipes under the
link to keep the ice frozen,
The link is opened when the
itemperaturc is assured oi stay-‘
ing below 40 degrees. Even below timing the air conditioning
sure proper ice conditions.
"Until it gets below 14 or
15 degrees. the cooling system
must be used. This costs $1.50
an hour, so you can see how
expensive keeping the link
frozen is,” stated Evan sale
den, director of the physical
plant. \
career Plaza was built and
opened last year, Three feet of
sand plus a layer of tiles pl'oxide a bad for a prestrossed coin
crctc slab containing ordering
,coins and strengthening cables.
The sand and tiles provide
drainage and a level base which
will not settle, while the cables
insurance that the
slab will not crack under stress.
Specially built Sideboards en—
close the link.
Tlrcse are dispatched and star»
ed at the end of every season,
and this year will receive a
fresh coat or paint to repair the
damage [lying sisters have initiated
local character, “circus. Also on
he panel will be Classics Prof.
William Al'rowsmith of the Uni»
version oi texas; Pror
thumanitierdivision chairman at
;Central College; and two Central
parents.
‘GrOup sponsors
:latin American
education forum
Nancy coleman. President ot
the metropolitan Club,account—
cd today that the club would
sponsor a coffee hour at 2:30
p,m. in Loose lounge on Sunday.
The comics hour features a dr
session with Mr. Joseph
Troxell, Director or the Inter»
American Schools Service The
[discussion will cover those probe
less in education faced by the
Latin American countries.
l The pass is a nonprofit, non—
governmental program roistrengthening a n d assistant
Americansponsored schools in
Latin America. it assists in recruiting administrators a n d
teachers. Those who might be
interested in an interview with
metal regarding a teaching
position in Latin Amoricashould
lcontact philip Thomas (economy
tips).
 
Group» discusses drinking rule‘:
The Student Senate committee as follows:
_ on budgets, nominations and con.‘
situations will hold an open'
meeting Monday at 4:15 in
counter lounge. The topic for
consideration will be the drinking rule.
-Men's
This will be an opportunity
for students and interested faculty and administration mere
bars to state their views Oil the
general topic and on specific
changes already drawn up bye
the Committee.
Opinions of persons at the \
meeting will be used by the r
committee in drawing up its
final recommendations on the ,
question. Those who attend l
are asked to take this copy or
the 5&8 in order to have a
copy or the proposed change.
Proposed revisions in Article
In of the Men‘s house rules find
Article Il-E ol the women's are
Flu shots available
of health can’her
Eva D, Buys (head resident‘
noise) has announced that flu
booste are available for stud
cents \\ 0 failed to get them in
January. Any student wishing
the flu Shot may get it at the
Health Center (during online
PATRONlZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS
 
Paragraph 1. Consumption of
alcoholic beverages is prohibited outside student rooms on
the property of the college.
Penalties imposed by the
(Women’s) Primary
court will range hour a fine
or $10.00 to recommendation
or suspension from the college.
Paragraph 2, Disorderly conduct on the college property
or at college functions resulting from the consumption of
alcoholic beverages shall be
subject to penalties in Article
VI, Section 10 of the Men’s
l house rules (Article 11, section F of the ‘women's house
, rules)
‘ Article VI, Section all, ol the
Men's house rules and Article
‘11, Section F, of the women‘s
are as follows:
l Disorderly conduct is pro—
l oriented on college property or
y at college functions. Penalties
en's) Primary Court will
to recommended
from the college.
Article III, Section D, of the
Women’s house rules would be
completed.
suspension
l
l
at Control colleges
Wing,
M,,
imposed by the Men's (com— ,
range room it ﬁne or $10.00 ,
l By Richard Olrlerncyer
s & 15 Stuff wi-itcr
It was announced Wednesday
in the accident Senate that
rdnyonc wishing to become a
:candidate in the approaching
race for Student Government Association president may secure
a petition from SGA President
Al Boston beginning tomorrow.
conditions should be returned by‘
iSatui-day, Feb, 23. Boston asked
that no campaigning take place‘
,until all positions have been approved.
: The i'uleemaking election board
“All consist of the following per-
‘sons. Phil further, chairman;
Larry cartoon, ci-big Henderson,‘
honda Bi‘aymaii and Toni Koloskl, ‘
ing rule will be held Monday at,
:4 pin. in counter lounge by}
lthe budgets, nominations. andy
contributions Committee of they
lstudent senate. :
started to action by an edit‘.
total appearing in last week's
charles and Black, the student
senate, acting through its adsl
admissions committee, will nutrition the college administration
‘about its policy ct recording
,scholarship money to be repair
Rather than containing this i
inquiry until later as terminals
ly planned, the SGA decided to ,
take advantage of 5&3 pub- l
liclty find begin its interviews. l
Associated Women students‘
Board President Donna Jo Brrlcyl
told of a questionnaire that will,
be calculated on south camping
:soon and announced the latest
ot the Aws election proceeds
inns, She also spoke of a six-,
premier AWS sophomore Come}
admission that would assist the
AWS in room drawings and bye
acting as a publicity committees
for the AWS elections, the Inter-l
collective AWS and the open'1
‘meetings of the Aws. Women
wishing to be on the sophomorc=
commission should apply in wait-l
ing to Donna Jo Bi'iley by tD-l
cricket. l
A delaware to
Govcrnnrcnt v How
lconrerence being held April 376.,
his now bemg sought by the SGA.‘
r
The senate agreed that the SGA‘
,would pay travel expressed of al
Crrrrnoll delaware or high ace-l
“The Federal,
Much?” a.
> 7
V Wanted.
 
12-1 P.M.
Exf.
l
COMPANIONSHIP
Contact Loose Basement
dcmrc character to the conference at the Massachusetts Institute 01 Technology. Qualinctl
persons should contact Boston
before chncsdoy, Feb. 20.
The nirtioiml student com.
little, headed by Jack sherman, will undertake a study or
the controversial McCar-rare
Act, also known as the inter-—
natioiinl Security Act or 1950.
Chairman Paul soul‘tl'lght of
the international affairs committee Called attention to the
bulletin boat‘dan the Alumni res
citation Hall containing information on summer abroad pro-
grams He expressed concern ov-
er the decline in income to our
foreign student program due to
class 01 soma bottles. Claims of
An open hearing on the drink. persons who have lost money in-
the soma machines will be settled by John Harlan at the next
senate meeting. '
in other senate business the
appointment of Dave larger to
the men's primary court was
rateﬁed and information on cape—
tax punishment in lou-a was hiv—
en to senators A resolution on
capital punishment is expected
next week. ‘
before a student may transfer. ‘_
GLASSES
Mode and impaired in
our Laboratory.
Con'l'act Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTlONS
rates
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. 0.0.
O ptcmetris’f
Across from Post Office
 
5:30-7:30 P.M.
565
 
 
 
Christ
 
New» Albums 01'
to celebrate
batteries
Peter. Paul 8( Mary
Pele seeker
y Minstreis
Limelifevs
lEEPER’S MUSIC
forge clearing
l’eggs Lee
Lou Ruwls
Jimmy Rowles
 
 
 
Friday. February I5, I963
SCARLET AND BLACK
wellington College dean discussesé
problems of education in Liberia
By John \Voli
5&1} Asst. News Editor
The Liberian government is
attempting to raise that corn—
try's literacy rate from 10% to
50% in the next ten years, according to belkin J. Mason,
dean oi huntington
Liberia, West africa. Dean Mason made this remark during a
slideqllustrated talk on fiber—
ia last Monday in the science
lecture room.
The present low literacy rate,
Dean Mason noted, is due to
several factors. First, there are
College in .
Dean Mason admitted their
there was such a problem but
that it is being overcome. He
cited indigenous representation ‘
in national government as one
i sign oi the
sioiis. l
Concerning ciittington, Dean
‘Mason stated that it is a small
liberal arts college situated 120
miles island from mongolia, the
capital oi Liberia. The student
body is made up of low
and 40 women Although it is,
principal related, huntington
has students oi many religions,
relating oi ten- . ‘
men ‘
l
, _
l t
not enough teachers in primary
li.s d,th ' de' k _
i33°§entered°ﬁinbox raiiieiii’rss.ar§i°i-ea.l mg i0 Spea ‘.
there has been much resistance!
an the pan or parents to sanaiin chapel Sunday 1
their children to school; most,
parents would like to see their‘
children married as soon as {305— com], services
bible. l
Questioned about tension be.
green former states and the
native population of Liberia,
person entitled,
Klein: sand and sun make the subjective fun ‘in C
Ed. note: The following article is one oi the
series by fifthsyear abroad Grinnelt graduates. This
one is from Philip Klein, who is currently teach
ing at the Colegio dc los upgrades magazines in
connection, Chile,
At present ta Monday earnings, rm aware oi several sounds while sitting in the bedroom of my
boolean home. a photograph is playing likely cuccas
in the next room, some children arc mounting on some
kind of a drum out on the firewall. blades is moving
around upstairs, changing clothes to go to the keith—
for's birthday party tonight, and any time now Carlos
’will come back from an expand he had to run. and
german. his coupon who is visiting ii-om Valparaiso,
will ring the football, l should also be getting ready
for this fiesta soon, which will be starting in about
ten minutes
This after-noon we took advantage ot the heaiitirul
boolean summer to go to a nearby beach, located a
parameter out or town and in a little fishing village
which must be the same as it has been for 100 years.
The ocean, it perhaps a bit cold, is very peaceful;
there's not much wind and plenty ol sand and sun. It
you get bored just running and relating, you can are
ways sit up, look around, and spot a friend you haven't
seen for a while not too car away, This afternoon i
ran into several oi my students from the cologne, also
enthusiastically enjoying the attractions oi a nice
beach in a russia atmosphere during their summer va~
College Chapel Will resume
this Sunday
1! 11:30. Dean of the Chapel
Winston L King will give the
“To Be, or
Not Tn Be — an Island."
In all tried
move quickly past the Union.
nations
Going to the beach during the day and getting to.
gather with friends in the neighborhood in the eve—
king are a couple ol the principal and favorite activities of the latin with which rm living, in a lower
middle—class housing development just outside oi
connection. Also popular as agreements are commerce»
tion at any hour and taking walks. for those people
have no televisions, bowling always or other toys of
ready-made entertainment.
Since there’s no place to go and no Way to get '
there, they have perfectly the line art oi enjoying
themselves with whatever they happen to have on
hand at the moment. For example. the other day
we spent the greater part ot the afternoon discover—
ing, as a kind oi game. now and novel plays to seat
{lies in the living room, Since there was an abundnnt
supply oi the posts and they had begun to history
the normal course oi practical conversation.
A little later, we took a wall: up the hill to the
big water reservoir. with no particular purpose and
thus were dedicated to find, on the way back, a big
spider in the path, whom we spent over an hour killed with previous tortuscs, finally bringing it home
with us as a trophy.
In other words, liic during summer vacation is
pretty easy and lazy, For me, especially, it represents
many opportunities to pet to know better the family
rm living with. my students, the folks oi the keith-
ztlirl competitive excitement, the toboggan races of last Saturday
.I
hormone, and by means of little extensions. the eur-are
zone. Of Course, things fire a bit different during the
school year. when there i a result schedule of work,
My duties include teaching English in the classroom
and in extra, voluntary sessions of informal longer»
nation, teaching baseball and modeling somewhat in
musical activities.
The Classroom work is made considerable similar
for me by the fact that the main English teacher Eili‘lady has a course plan of what is to be taught; You fly speaking, I follow it, giving more emphasis to oral
drill and automatic usage,
My students (all boys, grades seven through
twelve) are certainly friendly enough and have accepted me very well, perhaps even more as it friend
than as n teacher
Outside of class they speak to me in the familiar
“tu” form of address (I'm the only teacher enjoying
that distinction!) and many have invited me to their
homes to meet their pacific Likewise, they ask me
to according them on class trips and on small camp—ing ratings, etc, rm only too happy to accept. and as
a result have defined i-many close ti-iendships, especially
among the older boys,
in fact. the close contact with the boys outside of
class has been more rcwai ing for me than the more
formal insclass work. chi plus my experiences in
living with a boolean family, enables me to mix to
the greatest extent into the authentic life of the region.
Philip W. Klein
 
 
Revision of women's rules
on identical‘ion discussed .
Legislation
concerning minor—tier until next week,
derby conduct was the local‘
point of Monday’s AWS Boni'd‘elections in March
meeting. Donna Jo bailey say—,distributed to all the women in
tested that the Women’s house order to encourage some thought‘lrJ By The
rules be revised to include pro-lecture election. Miss
Schedules for the AWS Boai‘dl
 
tDireclor names l
members of cast
for play ‘J.B.', ,
have been; Richard D Meyer tspeechli
,announced Wednesday the cast‘
Iior the Grinncll performance of
play, written by
valley leSO‘Archibald MaeLeisli, won the
and is
SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL'
* Smiili - Corona
* Olivetti
* series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* * * *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
visiting disorderly conduct. re-lannounccd that applications for Pulitzer Prize in 1959
setting from notification Pres-‘the sophomore commission would‘based on “The Book of Job" in
entry there is a penalty {or thislbe open from Feb. ll to 15. The
misconduct, but there is no specialties and responsibilities of the
tion of its illegality, The Board‘commission were inimeographccll‘Brooks
the Old Testament,
included in the cast
Boston, Ken ri-cayman,
Barbara deals.
are A1 1
Steve
Karen l
discussed the phrase “from homeland distributed to each sopho-isimsgcp‘ Robin Komkow, point
medication" as a possible loops more woman. i
hole in the disorderly ruling. Next week the committee one
After a healthy discussion, the college procedures changes will
Board decided to table the mat-:report on their recent ﬁthings.
Lamb, Scliiff, paxil. Bill;
picks taken by Sigma cells Chi ‘
Five men were initiated intel Grinncll, l
the Grinnell chapter oi Sigma, Joseph Wall (history) spoke
Delta Chi, national Journalismiiollowing the dinner on methsocicty, in a special ceremony ads oi biography.
on campus Tuesday.
The five are Curl. Lamb, Keri
Schiii', James Moxniin, David
Baetz and Bill picks,
The initiative ceremony was
followed by a joint dinner
with the Grinnell chapter of .
Theta Sigma Phi, Women’s
national journalism society, at
the Longhorn restaurant in
Wall, a member of sox, has
written a biography ol Henry
Wattcrson, southern journalist
who founded the Louisville, Ky,
Couric .Journal. Wall is current.
ly writing a biography oi steel,
inagnatc Andrew Carnegie. l
 
Craig Henderson is president
ol Grinnell SDa. marilyn Suhs
,is president ol Grlnnell Theta
Sigma Phi. i
na Jo Brilcy, Rebecca
Gretchen Koeclrcr,
Pam Dryden, Barbara Shirleyi
Johnnie Ruth Edmondson, 5am,
Schuman, ski During,
Hill,
panel
Grosslnan, Bob Shepherd, Bruce‘
McConachie and Barbara loop.
er, .
The technical crew will his
slide Moi-cl, the director. Keith‘
King, assistant director Williziml
Clis, stage manager; John
Howard, lighting; Tom Somere,
villa, sound; Margaret prayer,i
properties; and Ann Van Guild.
or, costumes. l
Dates for the performances
have been set at March 20—23.
appointed Match Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeoqruphinq
GRINNELL OFFECE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
 
 
 
 
Besf Pizza in Town and Best- Service Too
AHRVANO'S
Open Till 12:00 PM. Da'y
10:30 P.M. Sunday
Free Delivery '6:00—l2:00
 
 
 
WHO IS YOUR HALL SALESMAN?
CYCLONE 1963
 
 
Page Six' SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. February .I5' I96
Hockey clubwlnds upfirsl seasonal swingers lose to 36/0,}; edge
lakes one of two contests on road;
The Grinnoll hockey rluh slide The one goal was an unassist— C “
ed its first season last weekend ed one by Langliain, Russ kai— .
with two games at Nerthheldlden played an excellent game al.[ I as wo w en '
Minn, losing to st. Olaf and‘right defense for Gl'lonely anti I
heating the Carleton ri-esliiucii.1l3ai't Dunningi the goalie, model
The Pioneers, who had note‘ZS games» l . By 1. Eric Jacobson itougher for the markers. Carlo the same team to Northlield .
been on the ice for over a weeks “”5 PIONEERS .bmmCEd S& 3 Sim Writer lion has conference champions in spam last weekend, with on
due to warm weather and the‘b'de Sunday from “is” Sam-I Grinncll's swimming team lost six events and winners—up in‘possible exce “on
consistent wet link ,demonstl‘at-lday defeat 10 1°!) the Ca“ ”051‘.58r36 to Beloit last Friday angle’our more. l p '
ed their lack of conditioning inn5-4i ._ ‘ lthell came back to edge outi Clark nancy, coiilcrenec joe.
the st. Olai game on Saturday} Th0 “151 goal “'35 “med byiLawl’once 48—46 on fatal'day.‘old holder in the 220 and 440
losing laez. Iggffﬂconcluded“xi/3:533:31?“$3“,Both meets were in the Gl'in- yard lifestyle, leads carletonis P NN Y.
i - ’ S "l . i- » - l - , E E S
. Gnnncll looked good in tlic lion ended M 24‘ garden made,ricky pool impressive 13L Of Champions‘
first period as Dave [mon he- . . - In another double meet week ‘Alio DD the list di‘C Scot M63
can the scoring with a goal '2°???“feelings‘féghgogs‘; :5 tell'z‘end the swingers Will meet,Condehie diedﬁt’dn prefers reno; JUST RECEIVED
assisted by Jeri Langhamt The assists by mm and one by Mike Carleton today and St. Olaf to-‘Dd‘d holders m the backstroke NEW SHIPMENT
god ending the first third at cocks idol'l'ow in Northiield, Mlnneswland bi'cdslsu‘ch» 1
Ole: scored two in that per. L Carlegon Supp“ one pack‘ta. l Carleton is ~unbeaten this 3-QUARTER SLEEVE
2'1' M‘” “"5 0“““0” f?“ ‘past running in this period. uni Except for Beloll’s strength in‘ ms?"- Amm‘g “.5 "cm“: a” l BUTTON DOWN
apart and st. Olai’s superior lee mm ”mm cocks scored the 5mm oem: the cum of Belolt and Winona _state. PRINT
conditioning showed through one rm. Gmneli WWI. was unlthc two meets are very similar 1 30‘“ teams de‘eamd Gr‘m‘c,” '
The second period saw St. OlaEi assisted and the parts scored The Pioneer team or Jim Cross.l $.01“ 010% {wt have as ll‘nr‘ SPORT SHIRTS
store six goals to none for Grin-l one. standards for Grinnell were Palmer party, Jim Adelinan and ‘P’ESSJVC 2* lead as Callclo‘h
hell and the imal third saw the garden and running. who made Ralph Pray won the 400 yard 3"“ “0“” 1mm “’“gh {0“ ”mi 2 98 ‘
Pioneers go down five to one. .2 saves, conditional wesley in both meets» 30mm Like Gd‘inneui “imam
g . , is small, but ll. does have several
’ ’i' g”” " ' " HOWaNI 501m“ and Pray not guy] performing. Among may
. . i
first and second res ectlvel in
Cowles roses In Saga finally the in m mar. m in“. {dim aud iiid Mike Did: . sec on. yet. & that
sheets. sherman won the 20mm “hwy“? "vems' mug sm'u‘l 0 Button ﬂown collar
The Quad employees opened the Cowles men a chance for butterfly and Pray the 500 ii-ee- "“ #113552“: a.“ Em L‘mm'l
up a 13 point spread early in‘l‘events lifetime in the next style both days. Jim Cross was gay, “‘11 “.151“°‘Se'b bl . l
the ii t half and maintained few weeks. ’second in the 200 yard back-i ””“E ‘V‘ P” a Y bend
their lead to take a 76-70 die- COWLES lstroke twice. l
zoo-y over the Cowles worker ‘Playcl' PG 1" 0,, “may, Hm." was third in ‘
in the SAGA finally connection-ohardt 3 me 160 ”m antivirus, med. I
played last Sunday in party Frank * let and second in the 200 yard ‘
gym. _ smaller breaststroke. On Saturday he I
Both teams hit 35% of (hell‘iMarshall was second In me individual .
shots and 30% of their ri-efeigo; wesley and third inthehrcast. .
throws, but the Qua got o e ioei stroke. require expert care.
more shots and more charity Buck 1‘ Beloll. showed a marked dom-‘ Specify sharp Pharmacy allen
- » . ' ~— vol .. . .
$3505 ‘0‘ ”‘9” 5“ PW” W“ ‘ T3551: 5 refinance in the lifestyle spa‘lots,i you need a prescription
. . . i l
. 1:33“?;fi' div THAR-P PHARMACY
31 points to pace the winners. delayed- plmngc but 5;: aeagis 3th l
Kirk Von Rooyan hit for 14, Aldrich llBelon mm ‘ 59m“ m 19.
IBoh Chuiirich got 11, and Bare Front; 1. ~ 1
ry Travis added 9 to account Chuhiich 2i Schein and reset gained m. .77. . , W W ,
for most or the Quad more- Van Reoyan blond mid third against Lawrence
era Travis, Ban-y 4 but third and fourth against;
For» the movies squad) Tonylgvang o Beloit: Gl‘shell’s 400 yard tree.‘
starter was high with 19, plate‘Russell I style‘delay team of Cross, reset,‘
Fox. Mme MM“, and retailers 1 Schema and Adelinan lost to
rank (who was injured near'Bahl . 1 13010” and real Lawrence- k h
in and of the first half) scored Travis, since or 0‘ _Pray and Adellnan that-ed. ma 3 t 9 mOSt
14, 13, and lo points respective- Totals 14715 13 time off two of their own rcoi ~
ly. . , l Score/all half: Quad 37, Cowlcs‘odds in both meets. Adelinam f
The Quad unit plans to give 36 answered his 200 butterfly l'score 0 your Summer
__ ,WWWV 7 7 to 2:218 while Pray got. the
salmon split; travel to Norlhfield'm
I Zip Front Slipover
 
 
iii
inav
iaoomusoeomo
HookanMo
H]
H
(Where Drugs are not fl pipeline)
 
ooo=~omqm
OHQONGinA
5:57.51.
TlllS weekend will be event
By newton Clymer iCoach Terry Moore stated that ‘ THE
,
5&3 star: Writer ‘factory against either certainly
liquid would be an uphill ﬁget. For Your ,3 UNIVERSITY
The Grinneil varsit wrestl‘big. , i
y i ‘stores hopes are signed on i OF '
team stretched its findings Pioneer stars Morgan nickel, stream to four straight lastwcekr‘Lan-y cum and Van Home? . HG" akaﬂng I WISCONSIN
 
 
 
 
 
 
end with a 20—14 win over‘ Law. muwgmmw
hence. Last year’s charts, the m 7 Lou 7c oiiiieyv tue (leusmtlcd - - '
ratings would only field four E“ LCE'DmIeth R . b‘ Par‘l‘les NEX‘I‘ 1'wrestling this year. lloi ‘ ‘ ) “““ y . ‘
The bikes carefully decided‘t ' . Weekend ,_,\
the Pioneers stronger weighted . ' n r- -
and won an few. matches ‘ . U m M M . [ill/M force Sldldx)amlml[urls/zz
which they participated. fri , Order your dildo/6wMiii'nmlwrmI/i' 115 MM-
‘ ti'aims i'nrii'iii/i'our well/standing nth‘see
well accepted four forfeits: ne r k' k
they team had a greatly- ‘n the \ ’ has "it iiidiidi‘ Nike too les . . .
‘ ‘ ' c“ 9‘ too nudiiylnoicc. T/lt Uiiiecoioi of
and tracks from Wuwnriii ir one Q/l/HJI.”
Mlllct' (a) bullet! Side
130 lb. did-union. "ﬁll” ° (it) tires-toner
On Saturday a strong alien 5"" ‘ 3
team edges the fighting Pioelmm. india‘cj “““c' “"
i l i i .
gig? iciimgmililgilhgguiggi(my). W W. ml . . :ldvanccyourcreditstandingatoncol'lhcmost
cart rim m in division 1”de hawk WW I AS I ' distinguished tiniycrsities in the United States
crucial. Undeieoied lieoivywcigiitimi Ai iiiiii'iiiiiii is» iii‘ . choose iron. among85designs, so institutes, and
Koggzesi ‘lttri‘aliécleinneld/“louis iiianimliir‘, \\'all win Home (G) “on by PASTRY . 500 courses in 80 departments
in 6127' ‘ ‘ “”y ‘ “ “°" iii » and. Liiiiiioiv (Li iiiiiiieii :inn . . combinelakeshoreliringuithnlullrangeoraca..
Other winners in ’ . u Miller (Gt by too SHOP ‘ demieorlcringyandleisurotimeleorningacthities
exciting matches w are 123i m 7 Bill series tL) doeisianoil Mike . i . t i
founder. Len Calodney. wliolY-‘E‘V‘Uv s DcanL.l-I.Adolrsoii,Extciision buildings,Madison G,
lﬂl ’ (L) (decisions > , I . _ , .
won 5-1. and 147 founder. will sun iiie . 923 Br°°d 5’- WlSCOnSln: cam interested in the 1%: summer pro-
( - i _‘ Hdew —~ .ol'ﬂn M‘ill (G) .
§;;;y“gauge ﬁggngogg‘ edit out non. f ““ gremstMadeonso
simon also managed tn,O rings _ l:l Please send me your 1953 galleries on summer
These along with two decisions study, including course catalogs aiidguides lo strand the perfect save simon they dcntscrviccs and accommodations.
match. ‘ .
This weekend ﬁads the variety D scan’tcomc to the campus this summer, so please
matter in Nortliheld, Minn, for‘ GUESS who is going +0 send me your catalog describing Wisconsin’s
matches a g a i n st potentially famous correspondence instruction program with
strong Carleton and St. Olaf , . . , - r'
Grinnell will once again be mi‘l nEoltcélion 400 learn-at-home courses in .30 ﬁends
0 s u yl
us the services of H7—1funded'i t . .
Ken Clymcr, still out smith and El Please send file any special information on offer-
infection A1 overnight, Pioneer} ‘ ' 137-founder, will also not make‘ PL”. ”WV “Ma's under “‘gsm‘
t e trip due to a similar ailmenti
IHowcvel'. will Van Home has
come down from 157 to 147 lbs.
 
 
and is doing very Well at the 1963 SUMMER SESSIONS
power- . limit. Jim Hatﬁend hash ‘l‘he ‘l‘able. THE UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN
men wrestling at 157 lbs. The‘ , . ,. ‘
130‘”). 5‘0.” located by John i (It i‘IHIIIJUII on the Allan/ala
Gaarde. is small open. i
Wllh the necessity ol default-I
ing in two weight divisions.i
 
 
 
Friday. February l5. I963
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
computers known Knox, Mo‘north; late Cornell
By John Moore
5 & B 5th Writer
.Grinnell's variety rage' will
be out for revenge Saturday‘
night when they single w h the,
conference leader, Cornell, one
thehomecourt. Having stlflerodl
an cmbarrassing 81-62 defeat at
Mt Vernon earlier this season,
the Pioneers should not only hotel
the home court advantage butt
should also possess an important
:7
advantage in the term at desire, ,
which could be a defining facts l
No team unions geltmg real,‘
particularly by such a consider
score, and Grlnnell will deﬁnilc1y be out to avenue the ins
TO Wlh', the Pioneers
have to display the same sol't'
oi responding- and general ﬂour'l
play which was preliminary ml
the win over plymouth last;
Saturday. However, the c‘-cum-l
stanley will be different, Cornell;
boards a well balanced team
i rich includes eight letter'menu
from last year’s squad. l
Rick women.
'll
allrconference ‘,
guard last year, operating 20 l
points a game and the MCAC’S l
leading scores this year, will
send the attack. In the ﬁrss an i
counter between these two l
teams, women, a 6-1 senior, l
,scored only 12 points. Since ‘
then he has scored more cons l
instantly and is always a threat 1
to split any game wide open. 1
planning women will be senior
guard Ron Schnnaels. sopohomre
forward Jack Grams, and line
for forward Dick Calbow, who
all held scoring operates in double ﬁgames. In the responding
department, the cams have big
Ed Truelson, who sat out much‘
oi last year with a broken arm.t
If the Pioneers expect to win;
they must not only control they
l
defensive boards but must. also
secure a better than average
Share of the oﬁenSlVe l‘grounds,‘
cult'h'
r
him‘ln
Asby
. search-ll
0.3mm
b deleted
Bilcllholtz
ho» isbn
enemy—om,
2 i2
une scol‘emGl'lnllell
Mom/law}!
all
cnlsnnl. _
lilw\ 3
Gilllland
Bucllhvlh
. r smith
| l9 Ulrich
Antlelsou
\
a:e-e.asset—_.>e
 
not s
liability some rGlillllell I‘
John russell reaches Iiiglt, pulling ill it big‘
Number 13, Jim Mifflin, looks on.
By Mike Tin-an
5&3 Staff Writer
The Grinnell College basket-
, ‘ball team won two games this
past weekend to improve their
conference standing to 7 wins
and 6 losses. friday night the
Pioneers detected a tough Kno»
College team, 79777,
today evening they easily over
came the last place plymouth
team, 7043:),
Friday night's contest went
down to the final buffer with
Jim leﬂln getting the winning
basket with li seconds remain—
ing The lead see—saved back
and north 22 times throughout
the game.
Gl‘illness, led by John russell
Wlth 14 points and Dave Seller—
gl’on with 9 points, tool: a slim
41-37 first hall lead
1 With 12 minutes to clay in
the second half. the Pioneers
had a 59—43 lead. Then Knox,
led by the shooting of Brandon
paper, stated a quick comeback
to tie the score at 651769 with
4:24 left on the clock At this
point, sophomore center Jim
Jcpson toilet out
The next budget was titled
in by russell and Grinnell
took the lead, but George
Vlaisavljevich hit a long jump
shot to lie the game at 71—71.
Ed l-levels and gifﬁln trades
baskets with 3:22 left; then
russell and human specially
put the Pinneers
with a minute remaining.
But two long numbers by
And cal I
home free l
Vlaisaylicvich euencd the score
topic more. This set the chniaV
{that saw Miiilin score the trim
ing basket with seconds to go.
Sundcll and Mitlhn shared high
point honors with 23 points
each; paper led Knox with 17.
Saturday, the printers rated
out to an early lead over last
; place plymouth. Asby. Mitt
. win. sirndell, car Smith, and
Sellergrcn combined to overwhelm the cold shooting scott
in the ﬁrss hall. Coach John
deutsch constitutes his second
, team before the maritime
' break, and they increased the
. lead to «meal at the buffer.
l In the second hall, plymouth
stated a show'deliver comeback
against a loose Grinnell defense,
but good shooting by Kent
‘anderson and Tom Buchholtz
enabled the Pioneers to keep
their lead. The game ended with
Grinnell 1ending.70-60. anderson
led Grinnell with 19 points and
Terry Wilkison led all showers
with 21 points.
‘ "Ml lloyd Jolm (I :Inlmu'usa form
[mm mnom no burnﬁux peru'its,
. pcro twutlo (12:01 no porn, [afoutrre‘ mi esﬂm'd que 105 m J?
{lulu/aka ta mixed in» call-cal:
cum t‘oxatrox. r album‘x [2 41,;—
aa r5 dreams», me an :blind:
erpwmliqne ups qm‘ quiet! m
mail/rule comment hljo :2 Indie
an m from ala/1m de la; for/real»,
. :IuImI/rt/l'i/ In Inn-ea moral pm 110
"b-"V'eau‘l‘le 2" Far lite (lines! issn-
la [rlmyui LU olNAllONALREVlEW
“jump write for new copy.
150 E. :5 Sit, NEW
York 16, mt.
 
basket,
‘as Gl‘innell moves towards its two-point victory over Knox.‘
l
 
, S Paul's S'ludert'l' men'her
EPISCOPAL
O SUNDAYS—7:30 a.m., 5 tue and 4:30 [but
0 WEDNESDAYS—7:00 (1.11].V mechanism
I DAILY OFFICES ~< 7:30 2L1“, [0 4:30 13.11),
Continental breakfast alter all morning services
Fr, Pl'able, Chaplain
Loss ii now open at in new unslli
Fr. william, oscar
 
u lot-lioniauou train the Strand.
 
Old location
X
UNITED
FOOD
STQRE al' our
 
Broad Sf.
5 HI Ave.
Main St.
one bio
West St.
new store
ck west of
our old location.
 
 
 
Page high’r
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February 15, I963
 
Fresh p
The Gl'innell rreslnnan basket—
ball team will meet the Cornell,
fl'ash tumor w
p.111. in party Gy
provides the 1. ty encounter
n1t11 the cams that evening I
JeII' giants and Gordon Km-l
head combined ro1 a total at 96,
ay corner
Pioneers
beach add powers said. K"The
afternoon at. 4 offense has been working much
. The contest ‘more smoothly, because the boys
have gotten the idea or how to
mine the ball around they are
working for the mod shots now
The businesses cl the team
points in the 91 83 loss to I{no\ which have contributed to it's
Friday and me Monday 8618
Victory over C02; several 0th r
Pioneers also h1t in double r
uses. Tetl livesex, called by Bow»;
er: ”the most Improved starter
on the team." collected 35
markers 1n the two contests. Al
Peterson hit [or 20 over the
weekend to further the balanced
scoring attack of the neophyte
_norman, Barnes
lead cross lo
wrestling win
John norman (147 lbs) anal
Bill Barnes (123 lbs.) recorded‘
quick pins as the Pioneer r1-est1.i
men detected 51epson 1649. P0]-_
man took only 59 seconds to pm:
l11s opponent while Barnes won
in 1:17. ,
Other Grinnell winners 111.;
eluded 130 founder Ken smaller who won 3—1, and Gary oil-l
son, 5.1. In exhibition matches,
Jim Holzingel‘ or Grilmell 1pm.,
new his Simpson opponent i111l
3.212 while Kris cash t177 ibsll
was selected.
Sp lawyers lake l
Knox Cornell
With balanced hearing in all,
events Grinnell ‘s ireshmen‘
swimming team won a triangular meet with Cornell and Knox
.in the Grinnell pool last Wed-
 
nasdaq The score was Grinnell ,
51, Cornell 53 and Knox ~15,
Grinnell scored at least 3
points 1n each event and captured a first or second 111 all but
two events.
The lreshman’s greatest
strength lay in the [I'eerstyle
with Jeri Lewis winning the
100. Eric Jacobson was second
in the zoo and third in the
son.
John iraqi picked tip the
fresh's other tu-st with a 233.5
performance in the 200 breaststroke He also was second in
the 160 yard individual wesley.
Other platinum for Grinllell
were Dave Lundberg second in1
the 200 yard barkstroke and‘
fourth in the individual med
let, Hugh wellington third in
the 200 yard butterfly, RogelAbendroth second in the digital
and fourth in the 60 lifestyle
and Tom center fourth in the
diving and title in the 200
backstroke '
Gl'innell's 400 wesley relay
team (wellington, iraqi, Lnnd
berg, Lewis) and 100 lifestyle
relay team (Lewis, spend1oth
wellington, Barry) were both,
second .
 
MIDW CONFERENCE
STANDINGS 1
iv Pct.
.833 1
.769
.615
.583
.533
.462 ,
.4l7
simon
Cornell
COG
Carleton
Grinnell
Beloll
Lawrence
St, OlaI
Knox
ll’lonmoulll
wm~1<~1c>ulovwl~7 r
Friday
Grinnell 79, Knox 77.
Cornell 91. Monmotllll cs.
too 82, St. Olal 71;.
Carleton so. Beloit 139.
Saturday
Crinnell 7o, Vlanmmllll 60.
Cornell 62, Knox 61.
Carleton 1:5, joe 75,
St. 01.11 66, Belotl as.
simon 66, Lawrence (is.
The top store1s:
..~2 leculd are an organic de-
 
 
 
 
 
ASHTON a. BURKE
U. OF KENTUCKY
America's hottest new
spank conventional
after. will
name, lack or bench strength,l
‘and unaggl'esslveness under they
boards Reboulldmg has improv—
ed 1n the last two games due to
competition between A J. canon
and Bill Landsbelg for the lists
spot on the team
powers feels the square de-I
sense has not kept pace with
the improvement 1n offense,
request Winners... . Lap .11.!
ROGER F. BLACKER
N. v. U.
10
“”Ill
IMPORTANT! If you hold any of the 10 winning
numbers, claim your Pontiac request LeMans Convertible in accordance with the rules on the reverse
of your license plate.
 
 
tiairns tar Taupms and Consulat n Prizes
sent via register‘sd mail. '
23.119339“
3! .arﬁed by
judges‘no, .
If you hold a corporation Prize number, you win a
4-speed Portable Hi-Fi,Stereo Set, “The malta" by
RCA Victor. Or, you may still win a request! (See
official charming rules on reverse of your license
plate, and observe charming dates given above.)
N. BIERER
THE CITADEL
Did egg win in Lap
 
DANISH MAID
BAKERY
HOME or
QUALITY
 
WILLIAM F MARTZ.
KENT STATE U.
LUCY LEE sAssETT
EMORY U.
LAP 2...
WINNING
NUMBERS.
l5 CONSOLATIDN PRIZES TOO!
1. 3981859
2. 6002912
3. 3638354
4. 0426638
6. A304475
7. C518660
8. B350692
9. 3151360
5. 3291597 10. 3203340
CONSOLATION PRIZE NUMBERS!
1. AS10436
2. 0608361
3. A010713
4. A182549
5. A534015
6. 0111663
7. 6162385
8. 3415169
9. (3624148
10. 3018030
11. 3869885
12. c2031“
13. A039949
14. cssasu
15 3234101
E‘M GRAND PRIX 50
Sweepstakes (or colleges only
More than 50 times the chance to win than il open to me general public.
35 requests to go!
Get set for the next lap . . . 15 more Tempesis and 20
more corporation Prizes! It's never been easier to win
. no essays, no singles, no elegant. Just pick up an
entry blank where you buy yourcigareilesl Enter now . l .
enter given. Any entry received by March let, can win
one oi 35 Tempesls still to go! 0! course, entries you've
already submitted are still in the running!
EXCLUSIVE FOR THE GIRLS!
If you win a request you may
choose instead a traveling experienced 2-week Holiday in Europe—for
two} Plus 5500 in cash!
Get with the winners..
far ahead in smoking satisfaction!
see we PONTIAC rzmpzsr AT YOUR NEARBY PONTIAC DEALERI
nu: MIRACLE 1...
mxmcmmuxamz
mom . mm roluctom
 
