Marilyn brake
Seven Grinnell needs have
been nominated for telecom»
iiig queen by the Men‘s llonoiG.
The candidates include Mari—
lan brake, sophomore, three
yoga, valid.; Dianne nikon, junior, Columbus Junction; Geor—
via Gi-smith, senior. mac City;
timothy teacher, jllniur, Hope
kids, giant: Dori camp, lens
for. Charlotte, N.C.; Barbara
peterson, senior, Waterloo;
and cleaners Smith. .junior, St.
Louis, illo.
The queen was elected in
voting by all Grinnell men on
Wednesday,
To be created at maritime
of the Grinnell-Cnrleion roots
ball game which will begin
tomorrow at 2 pin. on Ward
Field, the queen will align
over the weekend's activities,
By David Buclz
“Unless we can secure the
right of negotiation and vote at
the containing table, the rules
change procedure at Grinnell is
la spam, student government is
‘ no more than a Joke,“ SGA
president Jack sherman said
Monday night at the
corporation.
Calling lOI'
lvoicc in the decision making
process on college rule changes,
before 425 students in licrrick
‘chapel, sherman took
with the procedure low-
‘glory and apartment ot rule
lchanccs as stated in the Student
lllandboo , (below)
I “1, The student legislative
body shall have power. upon
. convergence of two—things ol
1 its members, to indicate china—
 
Student‘
l
a stronger student‘
issue'
lnltlar|
; es in the colleges basic social
i rules anti penalties,
l 2. Any proposal for modify—
nation adopted by this body
shall be reviewed within 30
days by the Faculty Commit-
, toe on Student affairs, which
t shall make a recommendation
to the President.
3. The President shall Will)in 30 days make a recommend
nation to the Board oi cells»
, teen. which shall take final
)union at its next regularly
scheduled meeting, provided
that notice of the proposals
‘ modification is received by its
‘ members at least 30 days prior
to that meeting
SGA Head: Student GoV't
Without Change Is Sham'
hand the trustees make a decision
by simple majority v,one a twolthlrds vote of the student sen<
ate is necessary before the pro-
‘secure can even be initiated.
,The structure is also set up so
.that once student government
.leglslaies a change, whatever
,happens next is completely respond our control, The Executive
‘Cabinet serves only as a con<
shipping body to the faculty Come
cities,"
sherman's proposed amend.
ve procedure is,
once proposed rule changes
‘have been adopted by student
senate the Executive Cabinet
itSGA pi~,evident AWS acid
‘This protective puts studentipreSldent, and the CofHF prefix
lgoveinmcnt at a tremendous dis
advantage," C h a p in a n
t“Whereas the faculty
said i
committee continued to page 5
t
sherman
 
‘9russell College
ca r1617 @black
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
‘vol. LXX]
Georgia friﬂitlt
 
football, Selection of Queen
Top Tomorrow'
A heated football finally bee
green Giinnell College and
Carleton College of Noi-thtield
films, »will be. resumes as the
major attraction ot Grinnell
College homecoming destination
here lOmOZTOW.
A coffee hour in
lounge for alumni, faculty, and
students following the game and
an incorrect dance in the Student
Union Saturday night are other
features.
Student activities will b'egin
friday night when developing‘
generations are prepared accomr
wanted by lounge parties in the
residence calls
generations will be judges
Saturday morning and winners
announced at maritime ceiemo l
men all. the football game.
The Gl‘innell Honor G, variety
batteries's club. will also announce the identity of their‘
homecoming queen at the portal
ball intervention.
She will be selected item
among seven Cal)d!d3ie$ phases)
by Honor G members a week
ago.
counter {
daughters
5 Homecoming
Jim limit. senior and pi
sent ot Honor G, will pie de
over the maritime ceienioi es,
gpl'spending the queen and giving
her the traditional kiss and hour
‘quiet of res
A ray ty cross country run
sitting Gi-shell carriers chains .
,Carleton will precise the footlball game. Grinnell will enie
main Lake Forest till.) College
inn a variety soccer match on,
the soccer ﬁend at 10 am, to—‘
imorrow. i
Other events ot the homecoming program will include an
Honor G com'ee heni in counters
Lounge Saturday nioiniiig, two";—
‘coalition iecitals hy albert horse: D 6% ff T t”:
Smith (language) a Satuldayi all 0 it!
night charcoal speak dinner in
‘curious dining rooms, and
‘allowing of the movie. “The nav.
lender Hill job," starring Alec
in ARI-l auditorium.
The charles and Black will
not be published next Friday
Nov. 8. it will resume public
nation the following Friday.
Midrsemester break begins
tomorrow and continues
through Tuesday. An estimate
by Fred logging, Saga Food
Service, reveals that approve
linately 550 students will
leave Grlhiiell College over
the tour—day break.
Gulnnﬁs.
The Grinnell Chamber oi Commerce will serve cod‘ee
to visitors
north campus Saturday morning‘
lrlg bell e the hours of 7 and
,il o’clock,
 
Grinnell,
Iowa. Friday. November VI. l963
Not 8
Board of Trustees Again Raises
Fees During Meeting This Week
i
l
The principal College Board
i of Trustees. meeting on Came
. put this week, took action to
increase the 1964 complex website changes b 5150 The
. i increase, according to the are »
i tournament by President How
1 aid R. touch, is necessar
cheap meet continually
1 costs or operation.
‘ In the cu ent year the total
i charge per student is 52.350,
but the college's actual e lenses per student are apps-o liiiately $3,660. This means,
president women said, that
i
l
prince/I vol/t Festival to offers
Hootenanny, lecture, wonderful
Grinnell students are paintings
a folk festival to be held the
weekend ot Nov. 15-16. weather-l
log concerns by field knownl
guest perroirncrs as well ask
guitar wo shops, a student.
~ a l qtuirep and racing-t
g house‘nancy.
Opening the yes vol will be
a concert by am e gibson and
Ian and.Sylvia at a p.ni., Friday.
in party symposium
the concert,
may participate in
inter workshops with the enacri'users.
’ At 1 pin. Saturday. Nov. 16.
in Robert Theatre, Mike beer
or of the New Lost City i
man of the student
committee,
Ramblers will lecture on folk
music, followed by a 2:1 pin.
informal context in party
symposium by students and
by guest entertaining
Chicago. The Chicago group
include blues fingers Mike
Bloomﬁend. money Sam spain.
Big walker norton. St. Louis
Jimmy, and Big Joe Williams.
Tile Second formal concert. at
a pm. Saturday in party. will
or cut the va Lost City Rainbler and Reverend Gary Da ,
followed by the sing-along
lloolemntly for everyone pros
edit.
media Rciiizy, junior.
? (Students from other colleges
from ‘lmay attend the festival; . for
'which a limited number of tie
for all three .Rcservabons ad
.dressed to Folk Festival. Grinnell College, printer. low
should be made by Nov, 12,
to the Grinnell College Concerts
Committee, and the tickets'may
'be picked up at
‘ ' main
upon
is click arrival 1
concerts,
elS are available at $150 for
beach of the three Concerts or $4 . .
Checks should be made payable ’
the Student ,
l-call, Women's
Barbara level‘sen
l each student is receiving a
l hidden" scholarship of more
than $1,300. The reference between charges to students and
. actual expenses. of operation
must be made up by gifts ’top
the college and earnings from
its equipment funds.
lPIans Begin for
New Men's Hall.
Reports Ludwig
Preliminary planning for a
new men's residence hall has
been authorized by the Board of
Trustees, according to announcement this week by permits c.
Ludwig. Vice President.
The new residence hall would
be designed to house approve~
. lately low men. The earliest date
; by which the new building might
be completed would be the tall
of 1965.
Prior to his departure on image_
.President Howard B. women ap—
pointed a committee to develop
preliminary plans. Members in.
crude Dean of Men Stephen E.
Wood Dean oi women Jean M
~, Slocum, Evan garden (Physical
Plant Director), Robert coleman
(Economics), and Ludwig. Chairman.
 
Elsinore Smith
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November l, I963
 
[moments ana’ authorities for Meditation
 
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, Iowa
newspaper published em). rriiiav nl the for
c niisll ('nmmlttui- isuiileut whether i l
nihilism ii for not iii a . u
line Sci- set 1115., College dubai less luv-
New York , 11.1. Second
Iowa. Subscription rate than
i s
. iii iii .
. ltiiiliri,
rules vs. is
class postage until nt originally
per school year.
‘Nuts to ‘ Nuts' declared Gilmour
in Supporting PPPE Lectureship
To the Editor: lsrt w s most interesting and
It appear that all 5&3 edt- district Student leaders of
toys are likeablc chips iianieil‘the Campus political clubs, who
“-Jymyl' who mm m, “Mm. I upcrinlendedthc President's one
Grinneii Gives $l94
.io Alabama Church
l , On a Sunday morning in made
September a bomb explorer in
the Sixteenth Street Baptist
Church oi Birmingham, Alabama,
leaving four metro girls lyingdead in their Sunday school
rooms
Among the concentrations at
protest and sympathy which
posted in to Rev. J. H. Cross,
pastor, li-own concerned citizens
tthroughout the nation was a
lcheck [or $194.48 collected from
EDITOR
notices
Jim Benoit
ciiiiiail niiiiiii
DAV: But:
John walt
run nukiiiiinii
.money i-Nntsp {jumping and, ti o schedule. estimate that too'Grmnen done e , d T
lannual porn Political Lecture 0.350 of our students web- 'all)l|3:collector wingtips; “1:5,; til:
lship. it also appears that tri c —o a class, over coffee in llwiBoard or'Rehgiori, was taken in
‘capable Your”, Esmers are ap,.lliiioii. at a meal, or in a con—m,e Quad and Comes jump
Len ciloilnsy
.L title .laciiiisoii
. To... iiiii-in
.lolr liiiiiliiiiiii
miss hint-k"
Mac lliiirsliiill
Cori
numbers ASSKS'IABTa Leilis irish mi,
 
Speakers, Speakers . . .
A liai'l'ic—lt editor in Gl'innell’s Information Service 1' gently estimated that at least 140 guest speakers will be
ten campus this year? For a small college this figure is
staggering,
We believe that this number is excessive, that quantity
dress't mean quality, that tile overwhelming totals disciplines attendance at any of the programs.
Gl'ilincll’s year long “Seminar on Order and Person
:city," the Program in Practical Political Education, the
Student Symposium, the International Relations Club, and,
several other campus organizations are responsible for
bringing the magnitude of speakers here.
Unfortunately, many of the speakers who have come
there thus or were not l'providing' to listen to, and quite
1.3 'buy miles who are yet to come will be equally poor.
The symposium, for example, failed to obtain known
speaker's for its pi'og‘ am; so, virtual unknowns in the field
(-5 communications will be here in less than two weeks.
Next year we suggest that campus in locations as
.. unit plan how many and when speakers “'Ill be invited
i) spell’ at Gl-iunell. We believe that by cutting down the
number of speakers and by an increase in the quality of
the who do come, campus interest would increase substantially.
 
zip Wanted With
metro Registration
To the editor:
During June 1952, joe ColIn answer to the two gentle- legs sent a small group of SEPicn, Kcn Schiff and Te'm pull—,wants to Toulgaloo Southern
l.ps. i would like to say that 1,;christian College for two and
()0, enjoyed barnes‘Hall's dance‘one half weeks to observe racial
IM,’S tremendously, I thought. relations in Jackson, 'Mississippi.
let's Follow Rules; 7*"
they're Necessary
To the editor:
to miss the primary objective,tel'paths‘lite visit with Mr, Tru-
‘or the Lectureship, and, hpnnp),rlr_ian in an intimate and union
to miss the mark in then ovalue I‘red fashion Thus, close 10 one-
alien of it.
Assuming “n, ”m evenmgdiad the opportunity to observe
,public address were the uvlielc,“f'5‘ hand. die strengths and the
rat the Political Lectureship, alien.“eat‘nE§SPs of onion the great
3,, ms, be “ﬁneed ma, Hmmg‘est political decisicnrmzikci‘s oi
land Hatﬁend coupon't be more‘m‘S ”Fm”-
ton point in assessing this PPPE student
drama n red a ﬂher!
treated-e as more front than eupithat Gi-inneil had made the posts
‘sldncc, and moic show than go ‘imagination use of his Him
But the fact is that the Follii enter and observations of any
cat Lecture is but a small partial the more than 100 colleges
ot the total Political Lectureship anal universities he has visited
Though “My “temp, is ,sleep 1946. Usually, he said, he
made, short ol' arm-existing, to ‘W'i‘s asked 1° Speﬂk m an all~
‘ have the lectures, in his pub
‘college corporation and, then.
‘ llc iiiilrcss, present an original, ”0 Spend ”‘C "65‘ 0‘ his “me
' getting, and similarly niinl- ,
illolmnobblng with the faculty
‘, ”is 0,. me American new”, land administration. llcrc. proc.
system, there can he no cm- i
finally the entire two days oi
plate assurance that a rciiowu— ““ “5” was “" ”‘9 CDmPZ‘m' 0‘
ed post al ﬁguie will
‘Gi-timely students And the for take, the time to prepare
have, i ,
mount of time taken for the
such a lllanllscripLAnzl if such pull‘c and the Press was “0
a presentation were the sole. "‘0” ”‘5‘“ dt‘e “mmor oven the main, purpose or
The extensive student “com
the Lectureship, then olllstnml- iaCtS-ln-depth" \Vlth the PPPE
ing political scientists (i.e., bit:-
tPoliticans inrResidcnce are the
. atlciiiieinnsi would be invited, |prime Objective oi the Political
i'other than outstanding point— iLecumsmp u ,5 here ma, “,6
real practitioners
' - a d martin inn act is made,
‘3“ch may argue that neithr let! " g p
er the lruman press Lonfcl'encciand “ ‘5 he” ”‘3‘ “‘9 “me
nor his evening address was ship should be evaluated
regarding, but it is still not diiriI C. admin Gilmour ipuli.sci)
ﬁcult to inside that the total: PPPE Director
SGA Will Need More Active
Student Support 'For Change
leo the Editor: i
 
leave that a large portion of the
As the concern for rule change‘studio body could not he mo-
iincreases and student leaders blmﬂd 0" a new car “119 0“
iconsider the destiny of student more open rooms" You bet! Does
'govlemtmelplcutlfrlnntelé, lttlsimx- the administration know this?
or an ia i n as:
[themselves what lshgire given‘neiyou be‘ may d“!
,ment should be. More specsﬁvol— Nevertheless,
its, we should examine the role:have no chem wc bus, up.
oi student government in rules
Change with respect to the all‘uC-iprqaCh the admlfustmuon . on
in,re of Gums” College other‘ terms and \\'in conclusions
I maintain we
is:
ithird of the entire student body'
place kitchen when
iaey ed, and all of us in
Read left names would be a
"tough act is follow."
But they received fourth place.‘
mostly or industry, Everyone is
entitled to h-s own opinion—you
d the longer included. The
_edges based their opinion on
certain established criteria such
cs a specified
the 1)arts(plants in Dance
1 M's were a red to sphere sun-
(anti and hill: annual as these
criteria may apply to the more
synthetic and esoteric thinking in
our first. they do Exist and
riusi be recognized by the para
icipants involved,
Schili and Phillips are most
certainly entitled to their opinion
at classes should have been
in Dance clubs, And, for—
spondingly, the judges are enrolled to then , But i think it a
‘ei‘y unsportsmau-like and childr
t
1
‘1 was a member or this group.
Last summer i worked with the
Northern Student Movement in
*w'wellington, D, c.
I am Very interested in l ,
turning to Mississippi next sum .
mm to begin a votes registry
‘tion project. This task is not an
easy one to say the least, A
me limit to whichici-inncll men who are interested change it requires “ml “‘0 slot-i
in such work, Contact me at the
following address
I’his wesley
Grcou Hall
ice College
Cork Rapids, ioivn
tS&B's Mistake
iflatters years
l The key question
Should‘non their terms To do this we
‘lies on September 24,
t‘ In a letter to Rev. Cross, board
Ipresidcnt Paul Courtrighl wrote,
“The sending of money neither
holmes your problems nor re—
solved our built as Amer' and
who have permitted such input—
time to e ist in our society
“It is important that you know
lthat we at Grinnetl College are
committed to this struggle; we
want justice morE than tranquiliiy, recommendation more than tr A
action, density more than 1- _
Stramt."
In a return letter from Rev.
Cross, thinking Gi-innell students
for their contribution and concern, the pastor wrote, “We have
been strengthened in the way
that persons of both racialgroups
have pleased their support, and
have offered prayers in our behalf."
SU! Discussion
Promotes Asia
Three Grinnell faculty mem—
‘bars will be among some 25
Iowa college and univerSIty see—
consists in the ﬁend of Far Eastern studies who will meet at the
estate University of Iowa tumors
row to discuss plans and proc—
less in the promotion of Asian
studies in the college curriculum.
Attending iii-u Grinncll will
be Mrs something Huang-Hung,
visiting professor of speech and
theatre, Dr. Howard B. purple,
associate professor of poll sorry
and religion, and Dr. William S.
‘Vanderpool. professor of speech
and theatre.
Included on the program are
various reports, discussions. and
a tour of the Oriental calls tion Room in the university's library.
Bezanson toﬁliver
‘Fine Arts Lecture
Dr. Philip Bezanson. Profes-
iso attitude not to accept the fact; ‘
that your “team” didn't win and' To the editor:
that another ”team" who vol‘kedl ., . ,
as hard and we judges “my, Although Meals Hall was flat-
. viewed with the charles and
were rated N , one. ,
.black's report that years won
t
The opinion of Scliiff and Phi l . >
lips as exams in last weekiglsecond place in_the lanes william‘
think that
seen was, in my opinion, a doing metals we
right result to the judges involve‘shoultl be given where credit is
ed. “Shel: division hand been all] ,ldue. We congratulate Main Hall.
please a ri e css oglna ice y a ,- .
and ofﬁreally m looked like out the real sseend place dinner or
official attraction) there wouldlDaMe W =have been no reason on my part,
to reply lo them in this way,
Ellen Brodsky
credit,
l
t
l‘Ictu's Hall Girls:
laid, note: We agreed i
tstudent government not for thelneed a reverse of direction lili‘for in charge of composite a,
imam: ‘3‘ “mu” “l9 55" Willie philosophy of student gOV-Jthe State University of Iowa,
$336 ‘thjcjtu‘lm's ‘"‘° a" government, not a desk in Burlingtwill be the guest lectures at
' 101' an elected few. Wednesday's regular ll am. dna
Robin universe :production to the one Arts classics in Roberts Theatre.
Speaking on "Music: Public or
‘ivatcT’ Di'. Bezanson will
l Before answering this, we music
take into account the view all
rule changes held by the daily=
authority in our community. the;
ladiiiinisiration. Before the part?! 9,0'000 separated ialsqappearet a coffee-hour dl»'
registration considers u l’tllcterinne“ {red Goal wsswn period at 4:13 that an-
l Ci'noon in counter Hall during l
thcl Gunmen €0,1ng ”Wm thisllaoth the lecture and the optics
a week were told that the college 1‘0“" “e We“ 1° the p“bl.’°'
lsuons dos e for that rulciis u-iihin $190.000 or meeting click .A, “Mm“ 0‘ Ya.” ”mm"
counts- Although they mQYlFOI‘d Foundation Matching funds 5”“ 50W“ “ MW“ Dr- 38’
grant that student government‘challenge ““5“"!{3‘5 his “”1 degree in
,Yemesems (he mmmn of 5mg. composition from iowa, where
sent opinion, the mlminisnnnonl John R, McFarland Jr.. video he has been a member of the
is much more respondent tn log‘pi‘evident (developiiientl, said stud since 1954. He studied
,aggi‘eg‘dec intensity oi [his open. that area campaigns are now composition with David Stone
.men, taking conducted in florida and, let Smith, Richard Donovan.
ithc southern states, and in llie‘ and Philip bradley Clapp.
In the Past passive student OmnhanounCil Blulis area, as Composer of numerous pieces,
,support of Spokesman by \‘Dlingithe real steps in the iiatiomvidelDr. Bezanson’s commissions in-_,
‘01‘ Sismns a Petition has not personal notification sites. ‘crude one by DimitriMiti-epoulos
.pi'over soil‘ieiciit in this council— _ > rm, ,, piano concern, “,th was
‘not_ A new form or student - l Grinucll has until June 30, ﬁrss performed bv me Nchork
lpressioii must be initiated sun-11964, to complete me $4,900,000 pnilnnmnnic synwnany opens _
fully because the adminlsl dllunleﬁo” W'“““,“.'“‘ ”5“" m ”‘9 try in garbage Hall with plan.
ii-expires documented evidence collegE'S I'eecwmg all of the 35,, John 55.1mm in 1953_
’of the degree of individual six-lDDOﬂDO incentive gift offered bye Among his arm. works are
item concern. [the Ford Foundation in Sﬁplans-‘iiirrhe word of Love,"
addition to
leaders, demonstrate
sent
‘ SGA
body, in
 
i the above question
i
insider to 5
Student i
government must operate \vital
the philosophy that it is an are i
can asian to coordinate and l
mobility student concern, Until i
the students are monitored. we
will not see rule change.
is there good
This leaves one
her of 1861.
McFarland also reported that
activation of the Annual hiv—
ing Program including the parents' Fund are now underway
sites a two~year status,
Milton google or, president of
title ToollerEnright National Bank , hell
inf Si, Joseph. Mu, is Chairman‘val in 1961. His son Tom is a’
reason to below the Parents" Fund this year. irosliiiiaii .Ji Grinnell.
green song by _
iknown minor David Lloyd. and
,a piano senate which received
limit promo Foundation award
‘iu 1953.
Member of numerous projects onat asset trans. Dr, Bezanson
iu' the guest composer at Gr‘
Contemporary ‘Am Pcs
 
1963
Friday. November
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
engagement: Promote 'Image
By Ellen search l
Gi-iniiclls reputation
should be an area of concern he 1
cause it determines the qualityl
of faculty that it draws. the
quality of students it attempts,
and the future of its graduates
The following is a summary ,
of the engagement report by
the Committee on the Grinnell
Image, and all or its ideas and
implications should he consist
fred in the following context.
“We decided that it was nec- ,
essays to put ourselves into
an historical context or changing niorcs. Thus, in areas relating to the progress in academic freedom at Grinncll,
where there is deﬁsite criteria
by which to judge, giant
strikes can be made without
fear of generating our ‘sublime.’
However, in original or ques- ,
tionable areas, such as social
discrimination, there was some
disagreement over the relative
experience oi proceeding care
fully, to maintain our regular
tion versus a continuous striking to maintain a program
consistent with our liberal and
progressive ideas and philips
split."
The image was deﬁnew by:
such synopsis as reﬂaction, r-ep-.
reservation and reputation, anal
the “Public's” formation ot ours
image was deﬁnew as hearsayi
or. by, and about students, par-‘
ends, friends, alumni; the college
itself; its sports, awards. grants.
publications; and national ratings and surveys.
Grinnell’s status as a private
ly enjoyed institution also was
thought to give the school a
“great deal more independence"
but at the same time “a more
diverseﬁed public to serve and
satisfy,"
In
l
considering Gl‘innell’s l
reputation in Iowa, the com. '
little presented a picture of
a school with an “eastern na—
for" oi progressivencss set in
a conservative interest atmosphere resulting in “an extreme
institution that is normally law.n 1‘
The committee reported the
alumni receives as ”overhead-d lntellectually, w i t h o u t
enough emphasis on char-actor
building " This then concerns ad,
missions standards and alpha—
his on academic achievement on
campus.
Our
“parental public" is a
little worried about metals old‘
campus, feeling that too much‘
social freedom may exist,”
Thc students reflected three
areas of concern. The ﬁrss was
the view that the Grrnncll cams.
put is unreal and isolated. The
problem tests in creating a sense
or community conducted to intellectual pursuant and character‘i
 
sons at (he Students’ disposal, and
‘Monday; and “The Stratiﬁnation
l
l
building without becoming superiwcclicnds, dec to sports tickets
rim to the outside not it] not and the need to transport prairie,.
“creating an cloth in socmty that and that the college bus was.
will pic devoid of undatstanduigltoo large to transport a tcrv‘
and tolerance row those otllellpcople at a time who dcslledt
members of society without ad! to go in various directions,"
vanccd education 1 Tlic third concern involved
Another problem raised by the question of the student‘s
the students was \\'l'letter std. indmdual privacy and its “mil
cents should have more 0pm., diet WlLl‘l the “sense or comes
moms m get on campus u dirty” “Due to facilities anti
was suggested m much on. regulations beyond student consumers activity would hurt cant— truly we were unable to suggest
put activities and could destroy any reasonable solution to thesethc sense of community. problems. _ l
H > . g “In conclusion . . . we multi
Q“ ”m 0th“ “andy “9 WE‘E be sensitive to our image to at»
reminder that there is a cold
. _ a ill'all. outside support and conﬁles‘“ bus 3"“ a f” 5““0“ “av dance that result in drawing
high quality faculty and stud
cents to Grinnell. Consequently,‘
instead of building up a results
merit on campus toward that
part public image plays in our
“However, the students also,lite at triangle we must gain
pointed out that the station a greater understanding 0[ its
wagons are rarely available on inn locations , .
l
Dr Nathaniel [absence Will spent
sales Lecture Series November 10
“An Anatomy at Time is (119' Y'allrlliel’ Hall lounge The Sun—
general theme lot the annual day session is scheduled for 830
notes Memorial Lecture Seriesi1)m and the other two ﬁll it 15
which begins Sunday, Nov. 10, pm
and runs thiougrli Tuesday, No\. , DL Lawrence .ccewad his
12 at Grinnell Canada The se- BS degree horn Stanford and
lies is open to the public. rm 5ng MA, and min as.
Guest speaker ‘fw the selicsiigices front Harvard before get‘
that, possibly, lack of initiative
on the part or the student is a
problem in this sense of conﬁne
merit.
im'md ‘01 ”he ReV- Gamma A. line to Williams College in 1960‘
Gates, Glinnells Second press- he taught. at Yale. UCLA,l
.sent, W 1 be 131- NﬂlhﬂmclLﬂW iLouisialiu State university, Unl-
~ - v — ’j'let‘Slty of illinois acid Wellcslcy ‘
l Author of numerous papers
land articles and active in nav
1digital philosophical societies, Dr.
,Laurcncc is married to the for-r
‘lnei Mary Elizabeth Wood at
lGrinncll daughter of the later
Paul Spencer Wood professor of
leriglish at Gllnnell from 15223
t) 1917. Mrs Lawrence “as
graduated front Grrniicll in 1934.
Jb'r liestauiaur
 
TUES. 8r WED.
NOV. 5 8r 6
florists.”
-N. Y. ’th
H
Simply
“Spreading
empirical minority
all over the
screen."
mt
“A brilliant
comedy.”
in: 21'
Alan?» i i wit
t “Devastating in the
well-pulled funny
PETER m”
SELLERS in
HEAVEN S ABOVE!
.N. Y timer
 
Grinnell
Dr. Nathaniel Lawrence
and lo counter's
Welcome To
College Homecoming
 
l
l
acc professor of philosophy ati
Williams College, Williamstown
M” or Not
Lawrence’s Grinnellschedr
llc includes three lectures in,
royal'er's real-are Such Fine Brand Names
finally advert'used Prices
 
service Chapel. “Consciousness
and Time," at 7:30 pm. Sunday;
“The Shape 01 Time.” at 11 am.
Dresses
Lunx
R & K terminals
laura Dean
of Time," at 11 3.111. Tuesday.
All three lectures will be Eels
lower by discussion periods in
 
Jonathan Logan
 
DENO'S
PIZZA
DELIVERY
BEVERAGES
FREE DELIVERY
All combinations
Cheese
Onion
massage
Beef
.Peperoni
Feperoni Bacon
reno's Special
Johnnye hrs.
robbie Brooks
yorkshire devices
powell's
Berkshires
you'l's
Sycamore
murder Modes
kerry Jean
share seniors
human
North Shore
White Stag
Gloveshire
AN COLD
/
House Special
Friday Special
Green Pepper
bathroom
Shrimp
4TH
Grinnell’s
us
anthony
Tuna
 
 
 
POYN'I'ER'S
Sporfswear
White Stag
oakland
Tami
Jack Winter
henderson
Country Ser
classes
Alice StuartShip.'n Shore
White Sing
New Era
Lingerie 84 underwear
harrison
Van Raulfe
Lady Berkleigh
Gilead
Accessories
Justin & party Bags
rural years
Van RaulIe-Townes rules
charles
 
AVE. FASHIONS
Complete Style Shop for Women
emerging New Every Day"
 
 
 
Page Four
Adrian W. De Wind
Named as Trustee
Election of Adrian W. De» School, he has since 1943 been
Wind of New York City to the associated as a partner in the
Grinncll College Board of Trus-INcw York law find of Paul,
teen was announCed today bylWeiss, linking, charter & care
Board Chairman admin s. He-prison.
Witt of label‘tyville, all/
A 1934 graduate of Gi‘lol‘well '
who later studied at the SOT—
bonus in Paris and earned an
An nlllhority on taxation,
url behind is a member oi
the Committee on Federal Tax
Procedure 01 the American
SCARLET AND BLACK
lBowen remarks .
,on World Tour ;
I President Howard R. BowenlW
decades today on a four—month e
:leslie of absence during which,
he will travel exclusively inn
lEurope, India, East lyric, anal
lthe For East. I
Mr. women, accompanied by
;his rule, Will be visiting col-
,pages and universities and receiving ecoiioinic affairs in de-
,allowing nations, The tour dsl
hunter the auspices of the chi»
‘newly Foundation I
In Fresidellt women's zlbseucetl
Friday, November
LLB, degree from Harvard st‘
Cornell Conven‘lion'
cisco55eco by AWS
By Jean henderson‘t
charles
en meyer reported the
'euhaus and french-'
improve
Bar Foundation, the Tax Aﬂvisory Group of the American
' Law Institute, the Section on
Taxation of the American Bar
clean er the College James H
Stauss will assume the duties off
1acting president. I
I
1 Michael Howard, (right), n wear-old student at
HUItman placed lCillllllrldge University and Phil John. ll. 2| Gl'innell junior,
to Appear Here iplzln ski‘alex’y, us opponents as (art that ,the New Frontier
Ihhs not lost its way. The debate, held Tuesday in counter
illnlnge, featured (we Cambridge University law students.
signs of the Intercollegiate AsVI Auol'new.geneva1 Evan Hu1t.;colin\ he the s il'items debate. Howard and John Toullnin
societies Women's Service Corl-I
mention at Cornell College to the!
AWS Board last Monday The
two attended the convention held
on October 26 with Six other
Grinnell women‘
nail, Sue Taylor, Kristi williams,
Nina merger, Carol Yenawlne,
and true Noui-se.
The Grinncll delegation found
that Glinnell had few pl'ublcms
in common with the 15 other
schools represented by about 60%
women at the convention. Mi
meyer- and Miss perhaps agreed
that Grinnell Seems to have pro»
dressed further with student
hotel‘nmcnl. than the other
schools represented.
Other Aws Board business included a discussion of quiet
hour attractions in the logged
and recent violations of late
hours t barnes door. Marie Martin i ruefed the Sopohmore
Commission to post quiet hour
warning signs in the Ioggi
Young, magistrate of the W07
mall's Primary Court, announced
Donna page. ,
 
adrian w. Damn
I associations the Association of
‘ the Bnr‘bf the City oi New
. York. and the New York
l County Lawyers Association.
I At one time behind served
as tax legislative counsel for
the U 5, Treasury Department
I
a_ Am, and chief counsel for the House‘w
Committee’s
Administrar
lWayS and Means
lsubscommittee on
. .next Thursday,
 
,man, a possible Republican
romance for Governor of iowa,
great year, will be on Campus[
November 7.
Bob Savage, President of the
lYoung Republicans announced
this week.
I At a coffee—hour in counter
Lounge at 400 pin, coleman,
lan able playboy-m performer, will‘
speak on the topic “1964 Will
’ joe A republican Year.” He will
assess the electoral strength of"
both political parties in the Mid
‘delivered questions from the audience.
 
simon to Appear,
on College Bowl '
By Jeff Kohlmzm ‘
On Sunday four simon College}
tuclcnts will represent that
school on a nation-wide
Day in Divine Love
A public lectu on the nature
and power of divine love will
be given here Monday, Nov 4.
at a p.m.,‘by James Walt, a
incmbcr of The Christian Science Board of Lectureship.
Mr, Walt will speak in Her
rick Chapel at the invitation of
the christian Science organize~
,west and the Nation, going into,ulmz WOW“ ”he C0110“ Bowl'pilot at Grinnell College.
ithc 1964 campaign.
l Hiiltmoii, new as, was elected
iCounLy Attorney of Black Hawk
win the Waterloo and Iowa nuclear Chamber or Commerce, he
lives stated for President of the
National Chamber. before an-
,mounting his candidate for At.
‘corner»general in 1960. During
lcd War 11, he advanced from
‘p state to Captain, containing
an Infantry situation overseas.
Cnunly at the age of 30. Active CT
The team will be made up of,
three seniors: Sandra hills
Stephen meters. and David Stanhow and a senior, Bob Schneid,
Last Spring approximately IOU
simon students began trying out‘
for these four positions. They_
were given written and oral
tests, which quickly eliminated
many. By the end or the year
16 names remained on the list
of participants
‘States
that a three minute warning bell‘ . .
is to be installed in the union to “0" ”f the Imam“ Ram“
facilitate Clearance of it on time. Laws, and as a lectures at the
d Since the beginning of this
, an academic year, the College Bowl
Young democrats alike Shouldlcandldates and their Coach, Dr.
"Y o u n g Republicans
Frequent delay in locking the
.union has presented the night—
walchman from locking the
games door on time.
JOB OPPORTUNITIES for sen<
iors. Executive training pro.
grams—sales, management, )‘64
Search. intervention January,
February, and March. See Director al Placement, Carnegie
102.
MINOLTA 161! Camera with
case. New. Reg $44 is $30. Jim
Young. 559.
FOR SALE.
printer, beach, $25.
550-1600 kc, $25,
recorder,
5186.
FOR SALE' 1940 Chevrolet, runs
smoothly. Has been in Same family 20 years, The first $100 takes
it. Call Nick Ryan. Admissions
Office, 421. '
TENNIS RACKETS restrict, $4.
Ken Clymer, ext, 476.
FOR SAEE: New smith-Corons
portable typewriter.
_Pasquale, ext 467.
AM tuner,
Stereo tape
WILL DO TYPING in my home,
1627 7th Avenue. Call 236-5381.
Miss jason.
WANTED TO BUY' Used guitar,
cheap. Jon person, ext. 506.
erwatt HkFi am-,
$80. Gene Smith 2367
John De-
‘New York University School of
tLaw.
In recent years DcWind has
false served Grinnell College as
member of the Advisory
iCouneil and, since 1962, of the
IBoard of Overseers.
Help
(ACP) — Of the 1,035 freshmen at Duke University, our—
,him, N. C., 34 per cent are re»
:ceiling financial old from Uni—
.version funds, says THE DUKE
jCHRONTCLE.
profit from Mr. coleman‘s re—
marks," Savage observed “He
-is perhaps the most popular po-,
william speaker in the state, and
we are tortunote to have him
appear at Crinnell"
At 11:00 a.m.. the same any,
Hultmnn will participate in C,
admin Gilmuul"s class in Amerlican Political Parties and have
lunch with the class members.
He will visit with the Political
Discussion Group at 6.00 pm,
for dinner and discussion in the
Private Dining Room.
 
 
COMPLET
Look For The
Classical - Po
harry
Capitol
~ $59.95 a
Diamond 1:
 
 
reasons
”Menag-
ALBUM DEPT.
Jun - Big Bands
Religious - Vocals
whereas
peoples V2 Pride '0
Record Customers.
Emma’s:
W' n...”—
E RECORD
Bonus Coupon
p - Folk Songs
Records
Portable
nd $79.95
nd Sapphire
 
 
Robert mandatory, philosophy
professor, have met four times
a week to practice and become
familiarized With the conditions
and stresses they will meet in,
New York.
i
I
1
Two weeks ago In this column
we reported the failure of Ihc‘
Corletonian to become a bi-l
weekly paper. However in (or
day's world not even failure
comes easy. postposted current
H. loss has ordered the Carlelollilln to show a twice weekly
publication frequency until the‘
paper is officially changed back.‘
Thus, in theory we can look
forward to two Carletonians
every week.
The palestinian‘s editorial explaining this situation is cons,
eluded with the phrase: “so
much for theory."
Ml'. Watt speed as a United
Army Chaplain during
World War II, and since 1942,
has devoted his full time to the
practice of Ch still Science
I
James Walt
healing and served in various
church facilities. He besides in
Washington, D. (3., but is currently on an extensive Christ—
inn Science lecture tour. He is
a graduate of the illinois insti—
cute of Technology, and was
ordered associated with various engineering companies both
in the united places and abroad.
 
 
A STEAK
ATMOSPHERE
 
MAKE A‘ DATE WITH
TONIGHT
ENJOY THE FINEST FOOD AND
IN GRINNELL
LONGHORN
 
> Friday. November l. l963
Topic of Mass Communications
SCARLET AND BLACK Page Five
lThursday, from 6:30 p.m. to 12
‘midnight Friday, and brown 11.30
Saturday to l2:30 EL)“. Sunday),
and the revised for rule (Stu—
cents on ﬁspecial aid are not
event) as representatives or tkc‘eligible to have motor vehicles
,student box. should sit down island seniors driving other senthc containing table with law-lions' cars is prohibited)
‘ulty and administration to iron ,
out the differences, to associate T0 5”?“ ”‘5 ““PO‘TEMC m"
and mmpmnﬂw lstudent governllllellt ot the aclleSE
lcmltinucd l'roni page 1
Set for Symposium lectures
The second see 'oi‘i of the 15163 mint from Harvard in 1948, Slllco‘ "The Picsigcnl‘s
Student Symposium “The Demo-1 that lime he has been seriously providence
gratis Process in an Era of:
Crisis" will feature Dr, Charles
Lcrchc, J and James Green-
employed by the Voice of Am
ice. line—Life and the Dcicnsc
department. He has held assign»
Role in the
seminar one
scheduled for
l
The
, “The Executive
november 19.20.
t The Symposium will be cold-‘
field in a d' session oi the qucs-. month both in this country anal New by a 50mm“ on “The
tion oi Mass Communications.
We want to throw the whole
question oi'managed news wide
open," Paul Reichs, Chairman of
this session, said, “Each side is
competition represented, we;
should have a good debate”
Greenfield will speak at B 0
abroad.
Dr. Lerche will Speak at 1
am. November l5 in Her
Chapel on “The Need [of an I
formed Public in the Democratic
Process" Ht: is currently Prof
for of International Relations in
the School of International SC
ice at the american university
Ck
lLeglslalive” on November 25—26.;
This session will feature Thomasl
Curtis (House oi Rap) stockings
'r on “The Influences of Party vol—l
click and constitutes Pressure on
Congressional Elfectii'cncs " and,
Richard Stl'out speaking on “Con ‘
.are
“in l'econlmcnding' changes
to the Trustees, the Executive l
Cabinet and facility commit
tee should join together as one
council, \tits power of vote
granted to student representatives, and make recommends»
tions as a joint body on rules
change. specsﬁcalls, this pro—
local would mean that. the
Executive cabinet plus the
Speaker oi the Senate, as rep. l
reservations oi the student legs
islatirc body, would join with
the existing faculty committee
local leads acres a in l»
in Washington, DC. pitch 1 Vi q A m m) l
, em up his PhD hour the Unlr
1‘ sci-slty oi North Carolina in 194i,,‘
‘ kc has lectures widely and has
held several positions as visit,
‘ mg professor lie is the author oi
. five books. with four more being .
‘ prepared for print in 19m and ‘65
‘and of some thirty articles
Both Lcrche and Greenfield
, will participate in a panel d ct .‘
sign with two Grinncll f ulty1i
members at 4:00 pin. November‘,‘
15 in Roberts Theater. The panel i
will discuss the addresses leads“;
by the two speakers. H
The student coordination of‘l
this session of the Symposium,
are Paul pieces and Nancy Fe .1
jason, Students interested inn
Ipeisonal contact with either
‘speaker should contact one o
these coordination
Marilyn Alt, Symposium Comrl
little Chairman, has also an-
‘founded that Chesly daily oi
. , . the which 0 Tribune has been .
Egigvelvsiigu;Ailiénigelzii‘aug‘iingic;l mmEd as Ea speaker [0,. the sam_ less oi Congressional reform.“
. , links on “The Executive." daily Miss Alt also announced that
He ’5 currently Deputy ASS‘S‘all will speak on "The providence during the first week oi Not-em»
5mm” “f 5‘3” “’1' News ml in the Democratic Republic,” her, background material for all
the Bureau of Public Affairst cal Bryan matter, the other speak- three sessions will be placed on
received his degree in cover -l er for this session, will speak on open reserve in the library.
was} F
and the President oi the College as a council to (-insider
rules changes, talking recorder
innovations directly to the
Board oi Trustees.
"This is no intended to subEvcrt the procedure as stated in
the handbook, but to make it
\ignore portable, to consultants
«at one point the independent eur
ports of these groups. This body
‘ would function after the facility committee and administrd
‘tion had considered the proposed
changes on their own,"
in support oi his case for
l
‘er, sherman listed a number at
‘tliE originally proposed
changes appearing in last spring's
James Greenﬁend
Charles Lei'chi
pm. November 14 in Her ck
cents, and compared them with
the ﬁnfl actions taken on them
laS reported in the “Faculty
fails,”
The resulting Changes were,
he Said, "an conscious albert»
(ion in the drinking rule. the
Call for Uncensored press
professor teacher said the C017
(ACPl—professor belkin Menu that is, that they are concerned; ‘ _
char of the Graduate School off about good taste and label. ,lcgc's moral obligation to tale‘
Journalism at Columbia drive — “Th sin”, is not so Thosestudent press is the same as its
site said that colleges and um— who {jam “1) {mm me student‘obligation to faculty members,
varieties are “totally dedicated” mess do 50 m. far better reasons freedom of expression and the
to guarantee full freedom of ex- and they debian themselvcslsanctily of_ the Classroom, 1
Pressm ‘0 ‘1'” “011935” Press- when they talk such nonsense) “The university recognized thats
Professor Mcnchcr addressed about the sorcallcd irc sponsored— one of its major directions is top
student newspapermen at the did} its oi the student pr s, They encourage the expression of ideasl
dual convention of the association really want to keep students login‘and the testing of theories," he,
 
 
Jack sherman
greater student negotiation now-J;
ruicsl
petition, Signed by over 700 std-‘
JCouncil report on Student cfr:
lccptunce (if his,
tChapman said, “our acc
assuming office has been to welcome a reasonable rule structure
and a reasonable series or pin—
cities; rules that when broken
would be endorsed, taken to student courts and village-- judiciously finished. Our shorts to
date have been in main, The car
‘rule and lounge rule have been
‘expressions, steps [hat are 017
,density to student sensibllit.es.
When the power of student government tests solely in the dc-
‘grce oi laxity with which we
lenlOlCe rules, the name‘student
procurement' becomes ludici-tue.
‘ “Unless the
Pl'OP
coat
right oi nigeria—
.tion Can be achieved. student
‘government must change its
:france, its self-image. it must be
laden as nothing more than a
lpressul'e group, a student un.on
‘with its oniccrs responsible only
to students, In this role, stud’nt
courts are unnecessary, the
nlarole \\2 go through super-
ﬂuous.”
l
Loose Hall
is
wild about
Smith men.
GLASSES
Mode and impaired in
our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
CASES A'Nn
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist-
Aéross from Past Office
 
 
PENNEYS
ALWAVI win-7 QUALITY
Make Pen
 
SALES—REPAIR—RENTAL
underwear—Olivetti
Franchised Dealer
See Us For Party goods
GRINNELL
OFFICE SUPPLY
Across From The Post. Ofﬁce
In our New Store Building
r
r
l
l
l
l .
STOCKING CAPS.
‘ WEATHER COATS A
Collegiate Press in New for ‘eVamltlaLlon at some politicallsald. This recognition, he went,
He said too many school ad land social issues that might em—non, should be applied to the Stu—l
ministrators do not believe the,bad‘l‘ass the univ site,“ he said.event press.
college press can serve any ace—l . g . 7
l
added, ”officials constitute the‘ - ' Cl
major-obstacletoaceaomoincEighl' model‘s Receive Awar s .
student press." 1 »
He listed tlllee “basic truth
which are ignored by those dlSrl
Promo“; At an AFROTC military clan— year, was presented to Cadets
1, Most college publications are‘ihgdh 09t- 24 the follows: 63- Robert A. Patrick, Donald D.
not free. Despite adlnillislrnturslde: mmfd aim?“ if: U‘est‘districts, and John E, jersey limitation on men's lounge hours
who content otherwise most M movement “In": e pas who _ . ,d ,, ,d 1, . time“, a 9,, [mm 5.30 .m. to
. ' . - . i y receive a Do ,SI\CI, all p in
college papers “are subject to re.clear. Chicago Tnbune ROTC 10:30 pm Sunday through
. r
modifications limit areas interests Richard A. eye. stephen' in add n to the above, the
which the college press can go.‘D- Rockwoodrp-john E» KelseyrsOns of the American Revoiu2. Most administrators do noticed ”h“ J- Wm"- no“ Medal was presented to
want [all freedom oi student ex- The critical Academic Medal,‘janet Donald D, Potter for his
pressing. “These people are did- which is presented to the catch'demonstrated of ability and
but they are. concerned wilhtavcroge of his class during onclpast year.
placement temperatures and don—1
ms. The student press is intent‘
enter in issues. not sailing.“ ,‘
3, The argument that freedom
mobility is “spurious.” There is no
“definition of freedom ot expression which makes freedom de—
pendant on responsible her
having." “Actually,” he said, “the
but looks into issues which the
minority might not want exams
ined.
"The point administrators make
is that they seek i students on the
memory cook from being licensed
and to prevent some disappointed.
student actor il-one making broad‘
hints in a play review about the
personal his of the head of the
7. v-
 
 
new's Your
Headquarters for
Cold Weather Needs
GLOVES AND ALL
ND HEAVY JACKETS.
Good Luck Saturday
 
deals function. Furthermore, he
0|. D. I 0
al' AFROTC Mi i+are using in
, nursing freedom of student cx-:
students prior to publication.” Ad-lMedals were presented 10 Ca- mm” ““131 ”specify'
ice-led and hard working men. receiving the highest grade pointlloadershlp potential during the
oi the press depends on region-
student press acts responsible
campus press to protect the for-‘
drama department. They say,‘
 
Page Six SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. November I, l963.
,Homecomin'g Headache:
Pioneer printers to Face A r-linked Carleton
By Jim Fish ‘14 Victory over Knox, explorer,Ai-atlo interpreted two Ole post— Practice this week has enipha- men or party bingo at iullhaek.
_ for 21 points in the third near—‘es and ran a hunt hack 80 ends sized pass defense in attempt to Dick are card has been showed
Grtnnell's variety football tar, Equally tough is the Car for a touchdown, The thin field strengthen what is stalilstlcdiiy down by a charles horse but
team will “7 to get back "“0 ton defense which recovered xlalso features captain great the wrist pass defense in the,will be available for some ace
the win column 10mm“! 35 Knox numbers and three tilnestSmith at halioaek. and societyﬂvalue. The squad has also been tion.
other host the Knights Oflcallle-istopped the Siwash inside thermal‘e Jaek destroy at itillhaek. working on improving play eye-‘ effectively Coach powers
ion College in cornell's Knight IOryal'd line. Carleton Smith currently ranks sixth in when which was a key factor has been “mi-win, MM Dewm
il963 Hmnewmins game. Kielollns currently 3.2.1 in the oontriuttlie conference in individual ‘in the Pioneer’s sputtering ot in the backﬁend in an 0mm ,0
time is_2:00 p-m- 9n Ward ledlcnee and is tied with Beloit torlseoring With 26 points sense last week. com. Carleton-5 his» ends. om.
“9 ““9?” W1“ be m“ “ll-ml place 1 Leading the Carleton line will‘ Scheduled to dial‘t for the players in the del‘casio: secondary
avenue ”‘9" 52'0 “MW suffer" Leading the nghis’ vauntedbe Craig jason, an AllerOnlel'r‘needs are Dave Gaugcr and Jiiniwnl he Chip Clarke, penny
ed 3‘ ”‘5 ‘planets 0‘ C99 1:“? passing attack is sophomor knee linebacker last year as alMcKlvecn at the ends, John Hanssen, Paul Thurston, and
legend' Ham‘me swimmue‘ quarerhaek John manchester. sophomore. jason, n 175 pounds Montgomery and Rein rural at Pete Heinzelman. Moving into
WI“ feature “‘9 ?“°Wm“g 0fsun-king at tight end for themes, operated more than 20 talk- tickets, Steve patrick and Pete De Wltt's defensive end spot
the l963 Homecoming Queen calls will be kai- Hoorsehgen,‘les a game last yea. other- Hoinzelman or Larry Miller at 'WlH be Jon Langdell.
card‘da‘es. ‘nfl‘de carb P949“ a 225 pound senior. A split end‘standards in the Carl‘s line "1- guards, and Morgan Michel at interior lincoln stated for allen Dcdl numbers Marilyn w,“ be speeds Dave Dem a‘slide 220 pound John chief and center. l-ieinzelman, recently re. ”on are Steve Waka pete
brake, Dlam?” DU." sms 190 pound senior, The planner‘ﬂm pound sophomore tackle‘covered from a had tee, is now seven and Morgan Mi'cm at
153ml?“ \Kc‘ml‘gba Gmm- andtbacl: will be either Scott Rein-1Jchn hilton- traveling a bad knee anal may tickets; and tax-:3! Miller Jeit
fri-ie amp 19,150,] or sophomm‘c stondotitl The human will be Wing see only limited action In the Lewis, and Art Weyl'but‘h at
Carleton boards a pro—type of- Jack trade, in the Carleton-‘10 Map a held on second place fairfield, coach add powers guards
:l‘else which in last week's 21—‘St, Olaf game two weeks agent the M‘dam Conference “HQ‘WIH probably go With penny Other games this week Rip”
-race, Grinnell is currently 4-2 Hmssc“ 3‘ ‘lW‘F‘error Elm“ at Cornell, joe at plymouth,
'in the eoiiierenee With losses to powers and John Sllterholz at Knox at St. flat, and Lawrence
iRipon (34-0) and to joe (oi oi. the trackbacks, and Joel Gold- at Beloit.
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
OUR BREAD TASTES GOOD
LIKE A LOAF OF BREAD SHOULD
 
 
 
 
road Luck 'l'o ﬁle Men from
perth -- From 'l'he Nor‘l'h trade i / ‘ , : . r
of ma 1- ‘ ' ‘ .’ a. i
llie Pioneer [outbztllel's had their profiles both on offense and defense lost Sat—
today. ('th inc S Hill around them (left) l follows tlefel. 'e allen stopped their offense told. At 11::
       
  
 
lit John Shierholtz is brought drawn after a p ‘5 reception.
3 Animal life
 
 
 
By Clark l Clark brought a specially 111*
i On Wednesday under partly sun-mountains 12. pink lead into
cloudy skins. the Clark Halllthe iottrth quarter only to see it
weight earned a rocky Gates danish before e 14—point enlarge
,Hall team ln a really ot their by Gates
protected tie. and thereby planets., Home”, with “We routes
led the Grinnell College entry-il'amazing on the clock, Clark
rural [netball title with an ls-l Animal Life , ,, ,, , i
14 viciul'y lContinucd to page 8
 
 
Do your Christmas shopping
‘ \\ II
The sex'l One's S I T T I N G
On Me. 'the easy way - - - Give 'l'he
Gi l- thai only YOU can give
    
 
 
 
 
 
fruit- for the boy or
 
We remind you it: girl send
 
 
 
 
 
1 5x7 Goldrone Portrait for Mom and
Dad
drive carefully on
your way home.
6 Application prints
(A $l5.50 value)
_ , , ALL FOR
- * ONLY $10.95. ,
MICHAEL SCHULHOF
Phone 236-4267 for your appointment TODAY.
This offer expires November lSrh
WELLHOUSE STUDIO
Across from Post Office
Award winning portraits of Grinnell College
Students since 1949
el
We will appreciate'e
your conﬁneed
puironqge.
GRINNELL FEDERAL
Savings '& Loan association
825 Broad Where You Save . . .Does Make a Difference 236-3121
 
 
 
a
'- friday. November I, 1963 SCARLET AND BLACK Page Seven
FINAL 1M FOOTBALL
iKit/cars Win! journey; Meet la/te Forest ,.
liable 5!
Gates ‘ The Grinncll variety Soccer sure on for the entire :amctCallvorsc with one and Ankll his right inside position.
Smith team won the Carleton touring This was in contrast to the‘with two goals announced for the .. _ , _
COMES tncnt last wcckona, boating face other iii’step’stand contest. wlichlscoring. Salvaggw‘zlmmgg 211231110020an:
Squlh cluster 12-1 and morning the av; Cailclon loan to an easy. Sumnc rated out Special forﬁhw Opponent of mg WM
‘watson host team 3-1. ml congress 01 SL Olaf. .praise for Sophomuie Fred lthl-.in ”Lake' Forest College} Lake
East . , , > . , , r. . , ,_ _
, n ri-idar the Pioneer tickets The following nutrition Mac .iii and senior captain Daic _ .1 ,
”“9”“ founded Machlistcr no Imatch aStAllchl’ look the corporation tiltlScott "the force that makes the PM?“ hello TCAA phd'f‘pm" 51"
we“ ‘since Anku and Fred miller‘from st, Olaf Then Grinnell team go." and noted that scott Lm‘fs Un‘Ye‘S‘lY ‘0 ““9“ E035
cum‘ v‘each posted home two markers bottles Carleton Hi what Coach.handles the ball ﬁve times as ‘either ““5 season- and beat
GAMES wins WEEK .to pace the non. Anku's goals Simone turned “the roughestlmuch as any other player, from tough MacMui-ray.
(November 2) brought his season total to 22,leave of the war" Simone beam-r
which breaks the previous i-eo..cd law initiative for the un.
upon (42) at Cornell (13) word by two, which was also held Necessary southwest and smell
One (36) at plymouth (6) by the while channel. Miller's the contest looked more like: , BATES
Knox to) at St. Olaf (10) ﬁve goals tips Anku's singlErzruS’by than society Carleton put!
Lawrence (20) at Beloit t6) 1game mark. i“ two—man coverage on Anku.
Carleton (9) at Grilulell t13). Coach by Simone Subslllulcdinnd ”gathered him all over the . .
(Last year's score in parenthesis) frequently but kept the pics-.Plﬂce whenever he got the balls - FLOWERS
The coach said, however. that ,
the team “held up pretty well”
7 of "I V ‘ n .
tender the adverse conditions. . ‘ Member FlO'ISI‘ s
AHer declined miami packs . T... ham... 1.1,. . y. . . .
G o ’ ” N + D T but Griilnell reached home tool '- paragraph Delivery
markers m the second half ‘
”one I 0 re amel exam while the green Pioneer defense‘ ' Phone 236-3191
By Lcn Calodncy their hamilton awareness. Robin:
shopping a little last week, the tallyboard read 17.7 when.‘ ‘
the final results were in, a 71% mark. This caused little tluctua—t
tion In the composite standings which now stand at 72-31-7 for“‘
70%,
GRINNELL CARLETON lﬁiThe Pioneers will work one
pass defense an eat the girls at their own game 1
NOTRE DAME 19, NAVY 13 7 Navy is in the same position . *7 Magazines * Tobacco * Carry-out Beverages
Pitt was last week, ready to be dropped. with Stauhach having
a bad day.
TEXAS 31, SMU [U 7 The Longhorns still he the first Soutll—‘
West Conference team ever to go undcicetcd. .
Missouri 14, Nebraska 13 . UCLA 25. California 13 I»
lcwa State 112, Oklahoma St. 3 Northwestern 22, Michigan 19 t
idaho St. 33, brake l7 Dartmouth 20, Yalc 6 ‘
l
 
 
 
 
 
Mississippi 7, LSU 3 Southern Cal 29, VVasliinglon 15
Minnesota 12, indiana 7 Air Force 14, Army 10
joe 33, plymouth 8 321011 8, Lawrence 0
Pitt 24, Syracuse 17
Wyoming 9, Arizona 0
3t. flat 37, Knox 3
:ornell 23, simon 21
Ohio State 23. iowa 5
taylor 13. TCU 0
Wisconsin 15, rich St. 11
South Dakota St v1 SCI 16
WWM The Democratic Process
TierlowaSlale
I T ' 33 i
H ﬁlos, ' . o o
Grinnelt women won three . ' ‘.
matches and lost three in an air ‘ ,
version of tennis against teams
l
 
from Iowa State diversity of
Ames. The meet was held here.
last Sunday.
singles matches recorded the
following scores:
marilyn Nelson (15'!) vs, El-
len Thompson (5.) 6-4, 845. ' .
“cum as... .5. Cm. . * Mass communication and Democracy
Yenawine (G) 6-4. 3-6. H. [
Judy 1‘05ch (1;) vs. marilyn t
.
how. (15!!) 6-0, 9-7. . Nov. 14 -- James Greenfield
Ann Van builder (G) Vs. Ro—
birth discussed (ISU) 6-». 6‘2, l
neEESif‘big‘éﬁ'sfﬁ’Glf- 5“" Nov. 15 -- Dr. C. O. Lerche. Jr.
in a douglas match played at:
disk, an eight game set fathers
than a match was played. The
score was:
marilyn Nelson and an ea. . it The Execuﬁve Branch of Democracy
let (15!!) vs. Yennwiue and
Van builder <6) cal.
cfé‘naiSTL‘SFYt'..VE°§'§"Xﬁ;S 11:31. Nov. 19 -- Mr. Bryan Bailey
Nov. 20 —- Mr. Chesly daily
a return match.
D _ R. MCEGS . ‘k The legislative Branch and Democracy
gpl'one'brief Nov. 25 -= Mrs Richard S'hrou'l-
Phone 235.4002 ‘ Nov.‘ 25 -- compression Thomas Curl-is
719 5th Avenue
rﬂfyAUniI-e-d Food store V SPONSORED BY THE STUDENT
comics LENSES SYMPOSIUM COMMITTEE
COMPLETE OPTICAL '
input-our
 
 
 
 
/
Page right
Rod Brown Se'ls Course Mark;
Pioneers sweet Quadrangular
By
, half t: u i ii and the he s
with Rod Brown setting a ham :0 Km" -"
around the same
“‘3’ ”WWW“ 0mm” cal’"rates three times which made it
terms the list tour places. tractor monotonous {or memo
variety carriers sweet a quad—
cingular meet at too last week, The top four places in last
in prep; union for tomorrow'sweet‘s meet, Brown. Langham,
tough meet here with Carleton. batteries and keyword, along
Rod Brown was nearly 15 villa Andy Goldstem, pete case
seconds under the old record . i, and John button will go
with a time of 15:54.3 Jeillagainst Carleton tomorrow. The
Langham also finished under girls haven't lost a dual meet
the previous record or 1611\i‘its since being better by Grinnell
2 time oi 16.07. Paul walter'suniin lists- They won the comics»
and Bruce keyword twisted cncc last year, while Grinnoll
third and fourth respectively. finished second.
Lawrence placed second in the}
. "The have a 'un'or-domlnmeet \\'ll‘h a score of 40. Saint;3th squad. also, lsald Cum]
improve was third with ex acid‘YOung_ no“). mm” ,havcnrt
C09 ‘°““”‘ “"1”" 106' ,, ,been able to beat them even
“U “'85 a mug“ “mm: sms,though were real close in skill
lOur may problem is getting a
loan to replace ‘Mac Wmholtz
who has been out a new weeks.
All in all we are probably the
two best teams the league has
ever had and the team which
.wants it the most will win."
The starting gun will sound
lat 1:50 p.nl
Ed Atkins 1Co‘civil‘i Dick Young, “The first
PATRONIZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS
 
 
VlSIT
HARRY'S SPORT SHOP
 
 
Pharmacy.
"For Friendly
Service"
 
 
‘TASTYﬁ PASTRY
923 Broad
 
FREE DELIVERY
If Grinnell Wins!
(ALSO IF THEY LOSE
FOR THAT MATTER)
AHRVANO'S
In the Bowladrome
 
236-6222
 
long
 
CRUNCH
CARLETON!
SIGNS
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November i, |963
1daily w/(s Shoe/t crime/l, 52-0
l By Len Calodney l the root. One maui would miss
too ﬁreed by Gmnc“ mi- a block causing the passed to
Saturday term? an placed home, bc'soon‘et‘l under when his re
coming crowd in Cedar Rapids, “Mrs were 0110"to hand the Pioneers their <CL i exclusively, he said
long defeat oi the season ag not‘line was not giving
,your wins. The Kollztwks shipped enough i against the K0-
;hy eight times, in fact, and hawk pa. er, and trained too
‘L‘onvaricd on tour oi these toiquarterhaek Dick Tosi on the
amounts out the 52—0 score may he was able to slide the
l Not wi ing to dominant onlylonrushing Pioneer depending to
1one phase oi the contest, thought his pass oil. handling was
iKohawk license was equally probably the nearest pioneer
effective in the air as on isle‘s 0L since Koh‘ask mail ear—
ground with their 527 yard to— 'let's e often able to remain
tax split almost events betwoonlon that fact after apparently
green the two joe ran for Me being stopped,
land three for three or their log 5“,er mice in [he ﬁrss
trouble quarter of touchdowns ,liver on sustained drives of three
l “The thing inst snowboard for tour yards per carry, Toward
on uslj talented} crime}! jthc end of the second period
Coarhisdtllsuwcrs, but I dont me“. Passing game began to
Think we In ed as bad! as ,
‘ the mm 'i’noticed_.. rooms click with T051 matching a long
bomb to end lab Bruckner all
that the
a strong
felt (list it was mistakes in l
illndlnncnlfils which u it n s c (1
alone downeficld Kohawk pass—
es almost nested a fourth score
‘in the hall with a receiver has
,log joined on the two yard
line as the gun founded.
When joe opened the sent and half with a quick score,
the Gl-innell spirit completely
finished, and along ot wait—
t ing for the final gun logan.
l “’glen Bruckner scored his sell and touchdown on a pass from
‘ Tom Brandon, the pioneer de-
; gender seemed to dance into
l the end zone with him arm in
; :u-m.
joe‘s final score came on an;
other pass alter the Pioneers
tumhlcd on a kiekott return,
,harry ericsson, was on the re—
eei ing end at this 57 yard play
with Brandon again doing the
throwing,
‘(ir‘install
l url.
 
il‘roses pride l
close Lasl Till
‘ By Jack Iliu'rm‘l
Closing out their three game
lebanon, title Pioneer threshold
‘football squad dropped a mad
decision to mae's {rush on Oc~
,tower 25 The game was played.
lat the factors’ their before a;
large Homecoming crowd.
Although the score indicates
rolling‘else, the game was one oil
:the best the headlines have
updated this year. The Gl'lonely‘
ideiense held the Kohawk ground,
image in check for the entire‘
=contest, Only one ‘joe rally,
came by way oi the buildings
matthew, that on a long drive to
login the second half.
l However, the charles seven-
, dairy was unable to stop the
‘ joe passing attack and the
l Kohawk quarterback three
i three long strikes to account
1
l
 
THURS. OCT: 31‘ slim NOV.
hunt I...
a:
2/«70:
Battle at ion Kahlzlst lion
miller mail.
llxnll POLYMULSIDN
m 2 for 3. 90
item."
children‘: liquid multi.
Vlhmiils.
RD-BALL Deodorant
”'i- 2hr 70:
6v:
RelizhchttIlrersuiunt
Run-all [AVENDER AEROSOL
SHAVE CREAM
2hr 99:
for the other scores.
Bob Watt applied the lone Plo-
,need touchdown on a 907i
board weather with the luekoit.
itollowing a joe marker. watts
‘also tan {or the two extra;
points, Otherwise. the sporadic
tr license was ineapahie oi‘
putting together a sustained,
drive. i
‘ For the season as a whole:
title Young printers, led by Co»;
‘contains Watt and Rick under-'
lion, compiled a mark of threat
losses without a win in both}
»the Cornell and doc gamesl
lhoweyer, the fresh were never:
,out of the running until they
final minutes, Watt scored alll
iH of the Grinneil points whilst
llhe opponents ran up a total or;
57, The defensive line play and,
Antleison's hunting were also
highlights of the campaign. All
in all, Coaches Dick eye and
Bill Henry headed a squad with
good potential for adding the
variety ln the run for another,
Midwest conference crown ne t,
season
Animal Life
continued fl'um page B
i r:-
Rzg.
n:
recall l
RUBBlNG ALCDHDL
g min. 2m80c
Finest quality, cuillulll!
glycetln.
 
 
— stuff
li‘rlr‘ri'url‘i‘luwu 2 not .99
2 pcs. .25
25: “ill? NElSi
Cl Per NC
2 pralrzﬂ
k
itttss cum
’il'lr‘o‘t‘l’m
r
YRHEEXPRIDE UF1—PLUS A PINNV
550 REX FILM, 120,127,520.
25: GIFT WRAP PAPER
HAIR
BRITE SET our
5th ZlarZSI
can Aernsnl.
mail haiihack Frank- wait‘ pull
Clark back in the 'lead to stay]
with a lOOeyai'd kickoil return. l
‘ Lamtan has taken a lead in
the 1M tennis journey Thc
flashing team of Mike Fox and‘
Bill Sichenschuh sent a Bdetze
King combination carrying back
,to East in the douglas ﬁnfl.
With two meniRandy H- s
and Stew fansﬁend» i the sin.
goes seililel‘ilmls, Clark still least
a chance for a title in that spent; 7 CHRISTMASYRHHW
also.
. l REX-RAY VAPDRIZIR
South IM chairman level MARKlNG PEN SET
further \x \ overjoyed about 1 sl 1001”UU|K~EANDS. .
thank‘e suit lo noted that it,‘ LIPSTIEKSCMﬂl'ganDolM53 or 125
w the best for the hall in; AmugoLDUanﬁpowi-‘ER
years "It “as the \\‘lil‘l sweetﬂ‘Lavtlyu .98
met North that made it for ll ,
h.
7 ‘R'full SUP!“ PuNAMlNS
America's iatzesl Selling
uitamltt-miami product.
 
w
want
4.97
’MATH EWS
RExALL DRUGS.
2 [or Me price of /
PIE! PEI/”7.,
IG DAYS
9
MWTHWASN, m,
, his snacitltltltt 1
VA tn, lWD's,
an an
55D FUNEI-REXiGrenselb .
95c BUFFERED ASPIII
$303in .. t
: K575:
Luzengt: .. Truth»: or
sq: MILK til it}
ill: ml?"
. r
25‘: MAS CARDS,
ANYISEHIC
Alter-all Mi-El Mdummsii
ne'g'l'true 2hr 90"
italic contacted um.
sex-d Sl'ATlDNERY
‘lfi’i 2 ones 1. 0]
' billy iUlBS to cllbnsn "om.
CARA
NOME HAND UNION
_.r.'g.°h. 2 far 99:
Km: hands mount.
49:: KLENZU TUDTHBRUSHES
Ray.
m 2 [or 2. 99
Wall vllamlli table“, MW!
3;an mm 3?
Huh-Perk Tami PASTE
’ ”’r‘f‘°‘lué*'"”
awaken”:
SNUGFULD SYRINGL
PEPPY l2 POUCH
BATE SCAlES.
REX WATDHES,
iicn's. tables'
SOAP,
Sweet ‘1! Well. nnx 0112 a.
12—min»
Swim items alt” rules-i 1|!
 
lib explained
 
 
