Vol. LXX Grinnell, iowa. Friday. Feb. |
 
By John Woli
5&1; Asst. News Editor
_ The crucial struggle between
lindia and Red China for leads
l‘ﬂ‘shop in Southeastern A 'a was
lthe main topic of the in R0»
ieriiclol lecture, “Democracy vs
communist in Asia.” given by
lDaiby gym last today night.
l According to Douglas, Red
Justice William 0. Douglas inn
China will have a nuclear Cap-z
mobility by the End of this deC-l
countries.
l Red China is admittedly
‘ having trouble, but, said tough was, she has made more pro—
; press total we have been led
l to believe. A large problem to
i the Chinese leaders is the [and
Had this problem
been solved, douglas claimed,
r Red China would have been
1 the third greatest industrial
power by 1967.
()n the plus side [or Red China
: problem.
Douglas: leadership struggle
in Southeastern Asia cruz'al
branches war.
Douglas indicated that this
split might not be surely idea—
logical. He mentioned that liberia, just to the north or Red
China, could easily take in one
hair oi had China's population
oi 500,000,000 and still be less
[density regulated than the
United States, p >
“You don’t have to tell Mr.
Khrushchev that inch. It's‘l‘he
last thing he thinks oi each
are, Because of this (not, helps the fact that She is presently
sees no way of avoiding. classes graduation 40,000 engineers each
l'.\'l]l('l\ would lcdtl to inn atomic year. The Country is also rich
l night," Douglas remained.
l On the topic of India, Doug‘las assisted that that country
‘wtti‘ unless all nations, cspcc»
valid Red China, are members
at some tribunal before which
"hey can be made to account iii
their actions, The only such collective tribunal at this time is
belle printed Nations.
I In the lecture, Justice Doug—
‘ las emphasized that while in—
did has followed a pattern oi
relating the country by po—
optical methods, Red China has
been streaming army might. By
attending India recently, Red
china has forced trivia to pour
money intended for peaceful
projects into the building of
a more effective army.
The American policy toward
formula was customized by Douglas, He alleged that the government oi Chiang K- '.suck is for—
rupt and that United States and
lie being wanted there. He full thai- continued that this country
,ought to recognize the cover
event oi Red China, root because
it is representative or the ma.
,i‘o ty of Chinese but because it
is firmly established and can no
.longer be ignored.
l Douglas observed that Red
,China is trying to rcasse t help
1 Self as the greatest now n the
Lwoi-ld and to re—establish the
l ‘niollici-third," Our Southeastern
l Asian countries i-eaiize:terms and
therefore late the Chinese who
are in the countries, This dis.
Dougia emphasized that we like is heightened by the fact
must res ze thin we are in a, that the Chinese always manage
 
JUSTICE WILLIAM 0. DOUGLAS speaks with print
well students after his final lecture in service Chapel.
Cold war competition
discussed by Douglas
The relative positions 01' the tions.
Soviet Union and the United
States to the underdeveloped nav
(sons of the world were (discuss- (ti take over
tin natural resources such adidas made great progress since
coal. iron and kingston ,it became independent even
commentary on the theology-through the policies oi Prime
cal split between Red China andlMimster Nehru have often been
Russia. Douglas stated that inlulijustly critiCizcd in this corn—
ill 100,000 Russian engiiiecrsltry The per capita income in
[w -c withdrawn from Rerlliiidia is $60 per year as corn»
‘China alter completing only nominated wto $35 per year in Red
vol the promised 475 batteries. China.
inat year marked the begin-l India has been helped great.
living of the split. Unable holly through Ford Foundation
icompcte with Russia on the m- party Lecture
industrial level, Red China now Continued to page 3
Winter Carnival set for next week;
plans include snow events, dance
compete in the snow sculpturing contest to be y'added at
noon. As last year, the carnival events feature an afternoon ice skating snow put on
by students and a toboggan
race. Also on mid-campus will
be a cross country race by the
ski club members and a ski
white demonstration with
‘tale second annual Winter Car—
animal according to John Gle
steel. ciiairrrian oi the
,coordination committee.
lsnow—time festival, which starts:
‘on Feb, 8, lists for two days:
land features outdoor and andorra
seventh. Tire program will be ay
:con‘population of winter sports,
.events and regular see end jumping contest.
‘activities. .‘ A shuttle service will run
Friday-s even“ (cum seat__throughout the afternoon from
ing and skiing along with tlietlhe Union to the college ski hill
W y basketball game agamsiiThere will be special'events at
Knox Dmmg the ban-Um ofithe hill with prizes awarded to
like game. the Snow Queen williwmnel‘s
the presented. A special ski film,l ﬁrather basketséll game highlight Skis," will be shown anmllghts _ the_ evening activities.
or the Game “‘Am‘endanAnlligans"; will he the
g . or . u >.
Saturday will be a day for m ”a m ‘ w “a the S“
ed by Justice William 0. Doug»
los in the second womenﬁend lecture, “Russia Today,” given last
Saturday in service chapel.
According to Justice Douglasl
Americans often give credit for
.gale for the minds or all
men. We must install our deny»
organic traditions into the world
revolution‘ rather than promote
the status que.
If we help the underdeveloped
businesses
which iInn” dance in Main lounge
much money
in these! run in the snow. calls will ‘draws the carnival to a close.
,Violinlsi Ricci +0 play cancer+s {Cook announces
control
resolutions to columnists when nations in largest, we will win
in authority they occur house a battle which our boobs and
thE people of a nation maple pockets are invisible oi lighting,
‘sonic'n’r. tomorrow in Roberts
Vv'ideas explained violation Ruggiero Ricci will present c0ice1 .
world. A 1951 performance
was called by one New York
lDavid Brown as
that they can no longer live inIE‘uquﬂS predicted
poverty and misery. The Soviet;
Union “has become the symbol:
Justice Douglas concluded with
a plea for students, independent
of the: State Department, to go
into the underdeveloped corn—
tries. tell the passes what we
stand for, and wage an “all»out
theoretical war” for the hearts
Vof works by Hindemith, Haven: reviewer “One of the most
Beethoven, pop-para, and Pink-on extraordinary musical experienced here tonight and tomorrow enter of this season." .
night. Ricct will play lincoln Por- 1"?“ F001“ “"50“ SW39!“
The concerts are scheduled for pop‘a’s "donate in G Major,” built‘“, may “.funded "‘9
3 pin, in Roberts Theatre. nicci Paul lilnderrtith’s “donate, 0p, “PW“‘mom °f DaV‘d R» FWW“
will play the same program both 31, No. 2." Ludwig van Bee-' “5 “l9 “,5‘” SM?” ““0“ The
nights, lthoven's “donate in A Major, 0p. “°“““‘”‘“°“ “'35 made by the
student auditor
and minds of men.
The conference will be held
Feb 22-24 at the' Overseas Press
Club in New York. The comic
once will serve two purposes: to
broader
rent international events and to
develop a greater interest in
having student newspapers report foreign news Expert journa . i. 11 provide first-hand
investigation about many trouble
spots in the lz'ol‘ld.
Five group descriptions will
deal with the most important
"problem areas" oi today. Grit»
bendoril' was selected by the
United States Student Press As-
in the world. The United States‘
stop communist by coming re-,
The need in~ 5&3 will send
early emphasized by Douglasl
war, we must reach the passes Studying at Gl‘inncllr will were:
Editor's Contcicncc on internablueprint for the industrializainaintained. Mongolia, for ins
Russian building and training
“Ru i really and truly wants
rather than boobs will be the
growth, universal educational ”mm“ ““1 give“ “ gm"
oi report against the status qtlo"l
has relief on the military rather than on ideas in the battle,
for men's minds. We attempt to‘
astronomy and correct recipes
while often skiﬂing those who
are searching for democracy. l
communication ;
with the people ot the world in‘
their native tongue was particle Grabendorff
We tail to on] th u er two‘
to ﬁve (per cement 318 {form Ht roll' Grabendorn, a rulbripiit
we are to win ”10 theoretical scholar from Germany currently
.‘u m. ideals of deals,“ sent the charles and Black and
;;:[1‘1-|.:edom y the German National accident
' Association at the title Student
The Soviet Union has a
signal Anaiis,
tion or any underdeveloped
country whenever a country
asks for such help, Douglas
france, now has a higher
standard oi living than the
Soviet Union because of a
program in that country.
America, claimed Douglas, has
no such overall plan.
a world oi consistency.” Doug-j
las stated, “They feel that their
‘Capzlcxiy to serve the \world'
decision factor in their ultimate
victory." Douglas has round that
the SoVict Union's amazing
opportunities, irce medical care, "hf“ ‘3‘“! 50"?" a“ h Fxl’ené’
and other social geneﬁt; have es in New York and \ iicli Wlll
become a goal for slruggling na» partly cover his travel expenses.
veteran oi more than 2,000
concerts given throughout the
Ricci, although only 33, is a 47," merge promotion‘s ’ewtm cabin“: and was ’3"
in E Minor, Op. 30" and patrick
level's “Tzigane.”
 
iso‘url’men’ scheduled to receive ’
lB.A. degrees between computers
i courtesy Grinnell students arc
,receiving their Bachelor ol' Arts
degrees at mid-year,
l THEY ARE B var-d L. matt-on,
philosophy; Martha Cooper,
fallen seller Fairbanks.
lcholo ; Ruth Giuenwakl.
tony .nd Norman L.
American studies.
V Also, Laura L, McColium,
mathematics; Craig E McMah—
P5.
his-
understanding or my. us, political science; Melissa A.‘
Miller, sociology and anthropoliogy; and francis r O'really,
iFrc-nch.
Also,
psychology;
Sara german
substance
Rowe,
Ki’um A
later Smith, psychology; Nancy,
liﬁlilﬁill‘since
win service Sunday
l Winston King tdearr oi the
Chapeli will conduct a doors motion service Sunday at
l nations topic will be “You: My
Bondage. My Freedom.
K‘table,
11:3!) in service chapel. Medi- ?
A. start, English; David
Steinicbe, philosophy; and Carl
‘0. Trindic, chemistry,
i
i
Today
“donate :
V» nation.
Ed by the Student Senate on
Wednesday, Brown has worked
‘since January 1962 in the cainacity oi assistant Student Audtitol‘.
. Announced at the same time
-was the opening oi applications
i‘or assistant Student Auditor.
:Pei‘runs interested in the job
should contact BmWn for inforApplications should be
returned to him by February 5.
‘Thc job is salaries.
"unatrwllen il’ where»
Ice skating workshops, career Plaza, 3r6, 778230 p.n"l.
Wrestling—Monmoutl 4
since'liﬂuggiero niger, via
inn-i.
finish, Roberts Theatre, 3 pm.
Reserved hall skating, career Plaza, 3:30-10:30.
l Lounge par-tips, North Campus, 9:30 p.ni.
Saturday
SwimiiiingsKnox, 1:30 pm,
Wrestling—too i 0 p.ni.
Free bowling~ _ p.ni.
ConcertiRuggiero nicci. violation, Roberts Theatre. 8 pm.
MovleA‘katrina,“ ARE 3:
will—campus lounge par y,
‘sunday
, College Church—community
Open swimming 07 o p.
MoviFHSnbrin-i"
‘Wednesday
30 pm.
Why‘.’"—counter Lounge. 9:30 p.ni.
. service Chapeli 11:30 am.
in.
A.R,H,, 9:00 pci.
‘ Ice skating i0 music—career Plaza—841 p.m,
‘ Thursday
1 'I‘oboggllnlng every day.
Odette—joining Feb. 15.
Vesperselterrick Chapel, 9:45 pm
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, February.
 
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell. Iowa
A wsrtiv newspaper nuniiumii
' - lo- the (. initial ctuumiucc on
a. horn,
in of in. co"‘ve
'iuduol public-such wu,
(lime’mall, penis‘suited for in midi add inc
shirts, “in, Chile i'uhlloilei) amp
isau 9, Now rock N izmcrui us
a miller at the post om. ' our, "multi
i or stuck 3. mg. cubic'stick {Me 3 or bar school
' fully roll
ituu Lu
inn worried
)iileii trunk
. iiar Martin."
 
. All letters to the Editor written for publication in the charles
and Black must be types and double spaces. No unsigned letters
will be printed. However, \printers' names will he mitchell upon
request. The 5&3 reserves the right to shorter any letter,
Exi'l Haifield
“Hat "eltl‘s scanner sheet” (The charles & Black) is no
long-cl- Jim Hutl'held‘s. This issue, us will the following 29,
SEA president
Al los‘l'on - — -
Reports rise of committees
civil community will
‘from the reading and examines
nylon period. Although the 1017‘
‘losing two months will be a l’c-j.
iturn to “normally" for the Stu-l,
”left body, these two months:
sure traditionally busy once Iorl
{student government. In the past,year i have watched student"
‘novel'nmcnt slowly assume the
lolm oi a committeestypc on}
‘navigation. 1
Last year student government,
,thsjvcd upon that one explosivcl
‘issilc (I do not intend a sun) oil
lnucleai‘ testing, Ou ide of “115‘
tissue and the larger ssue oi ha,
digital affairs, student modern-l
mcut did not attempt through its
Scllatc or through its committees,
to make any lasting impl‘essionl
upon Grinnell lite except in incl
realm oi rules, which is a try—
Two committees especially
arc oi importance this year,
the curriculum committee and
the admissions committee.
Earlier this year, when i ask»
cd Bob ncnowicz to chair the
curriculum committee, my
concern was to develop a
permanent separate through
which student opinion could
be directed to the faculty and
administration. following has
organized such a committee
and it is presently functioning
to develop certain student re.
sponsor to questions which
arise from Dr. women‘s corporations address.
Naturally, the committee this
year can only make a start in
this held, but the very terms—
l in one more work the Gilliwdevelopllig an approach to flu-‘sized composition of the Grin—
emcrgc,dont problems, i.c., the commit» well student body and the math—
ltec.
ads or recruiting its students.
This committee, too, will be presenting reports to the Student
Senate and to the student body
through the coffee hour tech-
‘l’llun. _
As can be seen from the interests of these two committees.
the implications of their reports
'will be closely associated with
[one another. indeed, it is in»
invisible to discuss the future
,academic program or Grinneii
land not discuss what type at
’student will be enrolled at Grin-
,well. .
These committees will not
only have great impact on each
other's findings. but i invision
that such student investigation
will have application [or cv ~y
(acct oi Crinnell life, including
d1} 1 ‘ r 1' ‘ ‘ .
belongs to the 3&3 staff for 1963. The above masthead “m” “m ° “mm"
which lists me as acting editor s temporary. The editor- lortunaia that student modern-i
elect, Toni Fullmei', has had temporarily to relinquish his mm“ “0" that "18““? “"Y Cam-i
,\ , - ,, . _ ._ . put organization) has not
post \while conidlosClllg lion an illness. ‘SMh an important and million-lee brougm
As editor', Hatfield made it lot of people angry. His , .
_ . , issue helps mvolvc the camping
iigl'umellt 101' less statement women s llOlll'S starting many, with slides
The how-dili'mayor—s‘dy-small-resulting reaction was immediate. student EOVEI‘nmcnt
Hatfield and his managing editor, mail'l'y Smucliet', opposed,
The admin
this
hence ol the structure will
in many ways it has been un-laura further cticctivc work in
this area. The student body may
‘look for-ward to future
had'from this coinmittcc which will
before
al cause to champion. Such anfbclore spring vacation.
cds committee im- 2 scripts
government. Butfdel‘ Ed hobbies also is under
year taking an investigation al' the
has taken a dclimtc step toward important questions oi the de-
the problems of enforcement.
Last December Dr. women
asked the students to take a
close look at Grinnell and decide
what type of school they would
the Scnatcllike Grinnell to be, Through
[such committee work as that deserve, we can expect
that we will ha’ve at least partial answers to this question by
spring.
in-
reports
 
 
full-out theaters. trusted aside the Spring- Riot as “not so
Se ious,” amd called for a “plastic modification of the college drinking rule.”
Tom Phillips
Hatfield's pzlpcl‘ didn't leave much room for l'places.
post sql'toddler's. There was usually it reaction to his editorial;
policy, and it was by no means always favorites. ‘
Some of the sub'acts mked over on the S&B editorial
page have been customized by the college administration as h'l I td , d (h L H ll
, . , at n a
being- dangerous-to the reputation of the college. file 201- 31,1322“, based \§;:}?C,V,x$°2mw:wm; gbeneam
legs newspaper is not wrong, however, to discuss lolita‘os quotes Howard R. women to the effect that col-
. . -_ - t, r, - , legs students should lead a “somewhat Spartan
\visual- topics. Students should be ieee media-cuts any phase ”key-n as this we best hats the pursue of “W"
of their college llle or to express any feeling toward nil, D1; women sections the use m- alcoholic
tionnl 01‘ international politics—no matter how reactionary level‘goes “" “‘5 5‘9‘0‘l‘0‘1‘v With a strong mu
. . ~. plicatmn that such indulgence is fundamental to
05‘ radical their new may be. true scholarship So today i should like to dna
‘ . hate the question OI whether or not alcohol is
‘ Students must try to understand and lllold the society conducted to the pic‘soil of truth, and naturally,
iii which they live. They cannon keep Silent on regulations I will prove that it is.
and practices they believe to lie wrong. The voice of the Most people think that drunkenness is a
, cents at Gl'fnilell is the charles & Bliic _ confusion ol' the normal state of awareness. that
, ‘it implies the societies lo the extent that any—
Open discussion of the values and regulations which (lime you may think may be pleasant. but Dl‘ob‘
modern the college and society is a highly valued freedom. ‘31:!"efzggmlx‘ii'eihgugctglﬁ‘s ﬁljfegﬁﬁnﬁg}3;,ggj”mg{
it is El Ji'eedom which should enhance rather than be ' H
. _ it sobriety arc alternate states of awareness, and
determine to the reputation of the college. as Iiir as the pursuit of truth is concerned, eat-h
_ _ has certain advantages over the other i will
Hatfield gave voice to student problems. He generally‘now proceed to list these advantages.
reﬂenter the trend of student thought. He will 2i good Job. People are capable of learning certain
I _ things better when they arc power than when
Acting; Editor they are drunk. They tend to be more lucia,
Jim Hop-mg» rational, and order-L, and they are better
able to put l'acts together, excluding what is
irrelevant. In the power state, then, we are
best suited to western things like the put-
terms oi history, or the meaning of a poem.
ALCOHOL TENDS to destroy humidity, rzr
liability. and order But llc drunk h 5 other
ways of learning things. and as a r still he
leaves different things, Whereas the power man
is almost always harassed by’ the silly notion
,that people are: 1qu ng at him, the drunkard
enjoys the dangerous knowledge that it dress't
matter even it they are.
Most important, the board very often
realized that people are all right, and he realized
A recent article in the Chicago Dnil News,
independent‘ s‘lady
“There will be no classes or assignments did-innthe interim session but rather the opportunity to learn
independently through reading, lectures, and discussions," said James H. Staiiss, dean 'of the college.
_ Are the students at Gi'initial taking advantage of this
interim session? Is it going- to be classified as ll success or
Forum For percent
Phillips
this with all intenSity no power man can match.
When you're power, you walk down the
hall wondering whether or not you ou'get to say
hello to some guy walking the other way; when
you get right down to it, your basic edition is
a betty kind ol tear. But when you're .drunk,
you clip him on the shoulder without thinking
at all, and well friendly things at him. And
your basic edition is love, brother; you‘ve porn
down all those ridiculous power walls between
you and everybody else. trucks area't betty,
and they're not afraid either. And i ask you.
air't this the right way to look at things? win't
lhrs a truth?
The statements We made about the spiritual
clients of liquid are congratulations. and i know
they don't hold for everybody. Some people get
mean when they drink, others Just get sick;
it usually depends on how much and when, as
well as who.
But damn me if I don‘t speak foul
trucks: the power man leaves certain things,
usually through rational process, and the
drunk lcarns other things by joyiul intention. And any scholar who never hung one
on inn't worth his cats, because there's more
than one Gate to the City.
As a matter of fact, i hate to say it but
drunkenness and sobriety are by no means the
only states in which knowledge can be truitlully
pursuit. But for information about certain dangerous drugs and anesthetics which help to
reveal things otherwise uiiknowable, I think I'd
better refer you to two similarly works. “The
Doors ot Perception" by Aldous Hu,
the chapter on criticism in "The Va clips or
Religious Experience" by William James. 1 must
add that the only reason i lecl like writing
about all this is that i recently turned twenty
me, and Just last week enjoyed my list beer.
Downtown. of course.
 
a failure? These are the questions the Gi-initial ildl’nllllstl‘lk
lion will be asking. ‘
The program is the' far not 21 total success. nursing
llbl‘all‘y and Cowles dining hall have suffered a sudden (ll’Ol)
in popularity. The 1|\’Bl"°‘€ number of students eating in
Cowles dropped at times during the past week by one
quarter. jul'line‘ looks like a ghost town ill comparison to
its exainrtime glory.
Millly students are leaving the college, and the ones
who his building‘ don't zippe- l' to be end'llptui'ed by independent study. Students are doing what they want to do willing‘ this interim session. The exam period closed Juli. ,,
Since then at least a mlljoi'it of the students have been
studying' only the treasures of creativity.
Seniors iii-e studying fill‘ their comprehensive eVaminiltions. JillliOis zip'e pi'still'liig‘ for their junior liberal arts
exams The sopllomoles and freshmen are attending the
presci bed lectures, but they are not responding €lltllllslastically.
The students have no i'e soil to respond entllu
:illy. They just i \iSllCd ii (iii adult semester at ii (iii
school. In ii week and it lillll' another difficult semester
will begin.
Right
computers.
pic-
ntlw, students are enjoying the break between
cal", _’
initiatives
iicndnll henderson
5&3 exchange Editor
Hours i'cr women at basic—
Eton College, in Northlicid. Min-
'iesotii. have bcca limit ilizcu
Thc new rules \\Ill allow san.
iii' women to come in every
night at too. 'ind will give
iunloi ucmcu 1.;00 hours on
Fl play mghr as null as inc pro
,vi . ly allowed lyric twchc
o’ locks per term.
hc tourism senate at Czll'los
to will hold a debate on the
dev union ol lcmmlllllg m lb;new prev sons of the Nzttioliill‘
srhol hip pl'oil'alll umicr the
cal .c Education Act. The,
present position at [he sttideiil‘
l'l'om the‘
money can,
the loans“
llilldcl‘align
vi. this to withdraw
,program it' enough
die l‘ought to match
without suliollsly
,present progress.
Cornell College has ah-l
slide'rality rules Car/s
founded its plan, to switch to
a new 4-4 [il'cgi'him beginning
with the c1 ss oi 1967. The
student, under this new plan,
will car your four—hour
courses rather than the five
three-hour courses he now carries.
graduation requirements have
been c anscd from 120 hours
to 30 con cs This now plan has
been designed to encourage m7
dependent study on the butt ol
the student.
cc.
Till: Cornell occupational Des
alt Senate is thai it would be ad- halo Tournament \\i\5 held rc-
ceiling on the Cornell College
campus. The topic "Resolved:
that l‘iOnACOlnlnuniSt naliolls
should establish an
community was dcbalcd by
students l'com Grluncll. joe.
Luther. Simpson and other
economic
Iowa colleges.
A new coliinilliee incl at
‘Rlpoli College for the first time
.this month, The Educational
Committee oi the Board oi Tru-
.ties met to fiscal<s the problem
‘oi the speaker ban on the miami
campus. ,
Earlier in the year’inc college
refused the usc of its facilities
to bus Hall. who had been in;
cited by a group of students, or
to any speaker accounting the
violent overthrow oi the govcrlimcnt.
Thc Ripoll paper had this to
say. ‘th5 Hall is no longer the
line drawn between two tacissuc Tha issue now is a thin
tions a one accounting that
which is practical and proper,
and the other accounting that
iwhich may be rctcrrcd lo is ellis'enie liberalism."
 
Friday, February I, |963
_requiring reporter_‘nearby LeCI’are
The In‘realm i Continued brown page 1
l
Period?
By Bob Savage it
t ion,
Question: What is your )inn- event,
pressing ol the interim per—
,grants which have been pro
led to help indian development
at the Village level. These grants
education, lo il govciand agriculture. Justice
Douglas stated that it was ho —
cd that all the remaining via
god?
, . _ ‘. pages in India could be reached
Jim Fleischikcr. senior 7 It‘ in a few cam.
gives everybody an oppul‘busty‘
to do work on their own with—l
out the usual pressure. Most of handed” Wing W PM“ 1.1“
the people I know are standings Snulhe 16 n Asmn countries
time reading and studying. .Was dccx ed by Douglas. He dcCl‘ll'ed that it we had instead
Emily Home, senior —— I think- tried to build the strength oi
it's fine for seniors. It gives met these countries, the situation notice to organize all the dissonanti clay would have been mud]
elements in my mind. i more stable.
Jay henderson, senior Il "The ”mag“ 430"“ 10
think the interim period is and have n Rudyard willing comexcellent innovation because it: Plexi” completed tough“provides time to study for the} Justice Douglas concluded his
vegetable 21 texts. l would sllg»‘ lecture by appearing for greater
best departmental faculty»std-:individual effort by Aniciicans
sent round table discussions top as the best means at improving
break the ice for the couple-‘ these underdeveloped nations.
massive examinations, He arrested that the American
lpolicy or touring money in on
the top and never having it
reach the people who really
lnccd it only serves to advance
Russ speaker, audio —l don’t the cause oi communist. I
don’t things the post 'nfl period
is conducted to study.
Bob Glass, sophomore 7 The
interim session gives an except‘
left opportunity for studying in‘e
a more related atmosphere. It.
also presents an opportunity 1
reading works not assigned in
class.
somalia McCanner, sophomore
,— 1 am enjoying the lectures
because they are in my field of
interest, and I‘m also matching
up on some back reading.
John Dichl, junior — I think it
is an excellent idea. it provides
time for relating study.
Herzog named
did'or pro ibm
Jim terms has been named
acting editor of the charles and
Black. He will serve in the ab.
since ot Tom Fulhner, 1963 editor, who is currently hospitalizcd.
Fullmcr was named ’63 editor
‘in November
ymi Johnson, heshmah _ A1. Student Publications. The Board
though the period is perhaps also selected canon; .as
too long, the idea is excellent managing editor
and tits well with the concept. A ﬁnfl decision as to Wh0
tion ot a liberal education by. Wm assume the editorials
providing time for independent; MW win he mm when Fun.
study ﬁnative-king. As a fresh her’s condition is iullyknown,
man. Im Just trying to do_5°reel Board Chairman William Ne»
extra reading and I‘m enjoying. vi“ (chemistry) said.
the relating tune. l
, This week’s issue oi the S&B
. A. J. Hand. iresliman — The was published by Herzog and
steam session brings a nice 1963 business manager Conrad
college atmosphere without Daum and members at their
twenty work. estates.
kathy ltziu, ireshman — The?
principle behind the readings
and lecture period is excellent,‘
but it comes at the wrong time.‘
The drop out in motivation at‘
the end of exams receives the‘ Calling the [men of “help
reading period 0[ some of its‘tjonal law nthn only way
value to students. avoid (he holocaust of it nu-
SEASONAL
CLEARANCE
NOW ON SALE AT
POYNTER'S
 
DRESSES FOR
THE ORIGINAL
PRICE OF
 
 
arc aimed all. improving sallltar
The American policy oi single
SCARLET AND BLACK
1.5,;
 
Health Research institute of
ANATOL RAPOPORT,
Pa ge three
professor and senior l'essay ‘Il nlzltllenizlii ian at the album!
isle anniversary 0f Michigan, is pictures abOVe featuring~
Grinncll Sophomores and seniors in roberts Theatre. His lectures, on the general topic
‘01' the "methods and problems of input y,
are one phase of Grinnell’s interim session.
 
SGA content and is March 2
By Richard onlemeyer
5&1; Staff Writer
Student level'event Association president A1 Boston rec
linked the student. senate beds
by the Board 0" nasdaq night of a policy state-l
ment on the student responsible—l . _ 5&E hy tom where. rule‘s which, The sensitive date ol the SGAI‘” ”mere '“ ”‘6 53“"3 he
*he had promised to have the
executive cabinet draw up.
l His decision was that the Associated Women Students Board
and the Council ot House Pres
events should each submit a
statement on the subject because
‘these governing bodies are closer
to the students than the execuA
‘time cabinet,
The leadership or “lemon- ‘
i may in it Time of Crisis"Y a
Doug/as sites, world Ia w manager la,
0.
‘Clear war," Justice William
[O‘Douglas travel the growth of‘
lthc concept ot world law in his
lilill‘d Roscnneld lecture, “The
:Rule of Law in World Allah-s,"
‘last Saturday in service chapel.
‘ JUSTICE DOUGLAS stated
lthat the United Nations had
‘rainbow a tar greater practice
‘than it could have been expected to acquire in the short pe—
‘l‘low since its for-nation.
2 Atomic energy will have to be
lcontrolled by an international
in ncy, Douglas claimed. The
‘ local of atomic wanted will
lbecnme a great problem in lu—
SPECIAL
SALE
$ngﬂrl‘y
Beauty corporations
$1.5» Pills
financing Cream Tax
Skin Freshener $1.10 I’los
Tux
S .10 Plus
Tux
motion
Skill farming
motion
THARP
PHARMACY
 
 
. symposium being planned for {soon by the ColHP. according
l next year, has been given to ‘to soil-1P president Steve
. Dan Friedlander. Boston and ll—cornell, the study will invest
l Friedlander have outlined the lgatc such areas as: studio
l structure oi this program and g‘placement in residence
will be asking various faculty brandon or planned; resident
members to participate. ,changes each year vs. tour ye
, . . i ' '
convention is March 2. idlectioiiiz‘cz'dw}C ”WSW“ m ‘h? r .
Board members will be account-‘dencesl ”‘e mm “adam”, ”F
‘non-functional roles ot the hall:
led 0" oem“? 13- Any"““orientation; the directory ti"
fashion to amend the constant . . . .
t . a . . ‘student and administrative rules;
station should contact either thciand the ”upcoming, 01 ”e
executive cabinet or the com.lComp
‘cities on Budgets, Nominations: .' . .
‘and contributions. so that a red-i NBL‘xml S‘Hdem ASSOM‘IW
committee chairman Jack Ch »
‘el‘ended ma be lcld lilore
l y ‘ “ links discussed the question o
“amp“: e‘ed‘m‘s- ‘in logo partners which was can
A STUDY OF north campuslsidered at the tall regional e
-residence calls is to be initiated:defence- sherman also menﬁ .
ed a conference on the pOSSlh‘
;its of a Domestic Peace Corps
which will be held at the Ame.»
mean University in washington,
Do, on the weekend oi Fr:—
article 1] section A73 (pt 45)
was deleted from the women's
house rules. The deleted article required women to sign
in and sign olit upon entering and leaving the quadrangle between Loggia closing
hours and final hours
, The only other iegislati e
;change was the addition of
lrocrcatlon director to the soc
{planning board.
in re
l
years. l
l "Wlll the concrete containers)
that are now being bumper inn
the ocean last as long as the
they can-i
lradioactive material
main?” asked Douglas
America will have to give
‘l up national rights in order to
‘ allow international law to be—
‘COme creative, according to
‘ Douglas.
1 Justice Douglas continued;
an at can-a path... or in . o sponsor
‘clay is the prevention or w -, ’
; artist enlargement is topless .
‘except that it leads to a pl‘use-‘t pro can U" et’
.durc for complete disarlndinent.l
‘complete enlargement controllers The Iowamchhagha region (V
‘by an mlematmnal agenwvlSithc National Student Assoc
.necesszu'y. Even the death'explanation is sponsoring, during tie
‘ol atomic weapons is not enoughjsnn.her of 1963, a charter i
ltor new that the knowledge oI‘plane (light from Chicago
their construction is known, they‘ London 9nd "die Weeks W
‘ ld uicl-l be request for usemom Pa“: m Ch'cz'g0'
3°“. ‘1 ‘y . . Students attending colleges
terms a conventional war- !affiliated with the south
, . . . 'bl'asia NSA are among the
l P‘e‘enim‘ M “a" ““1 lung'religious for this charter flight.
3135, is a Job for world law. julﬁ The funds in mm is $237 50.
miller, this law already has a start! Full information on the Eurc.
in the United Nations and in inc pearl flight may be obtained 1%]
computing Gi-angeles NSA co-oi indoor, Jack sherman
(cl’nalionzll treating.
 
DANISH MAlD
BAKERY
HOME OF
QUALITY
 
 
Page Four
 
 
president women advice‘les
Spar’random in campus living
By Barbara Hunt
5&1: Staff Writer clone to the level ot' other inicolnes.
In a speech entitled "The all’,
\limlment in \Vlllch We plan,"i Non-academic personnel. conPrcsldelit Howard B. women sql’ucllon Costs, books. equipouillned for the Association of merit, and the rising American
American Colleges various assstandard or living he mentionedi
posts ot longrrange planning and as other expenditure factors 5
expansion. calculated by the women encouraged that less em~1
Ford Foundation grant. He pleased be placed on expcllsivel
spoke nature. the group Jan. 15 housing and other facilities form
in Atlantic City. [college students. ‘
i
i
may increases will gradually do.
i
i
i
President women emphasizedi “Sometimes I think that our
the role played in the planning major opportunity for icon—
process by social factors such“ amy lies in the introduction
as the number oi students who: or more spartaoism into the
will desire college level educa-l, way at life of our students.
tion and the ability oi schoolsi This is so alien to modern
to meet their needs. “There is, thinking, however, that it is
little reason to assume tllziti proc lily iruitlcss even to
higher education has lost its ex-, mention it," he said.
pension power," he said. New]
and growing institutions, he bevi
pieces, will be able to accommodate the increasing numbers
or students.
i
i
concerning h i s statement,
women warned against the dan-
‘gets in planning, such as pro-,l
il‘eating present trends too tar,
links the future, He also cartoons:
red against the sentence to f -i
low a plan "too slavishly with
the possibility of obtaining .a resulting loss of the images-,
needed funds from increasing ‘alive flexibility needed to grass
student fees, concerning that, junior seen opportunities as they
regardless of the increased de- happens.“
mar-id for college education, it i
will be impossible to continue ‘
indeiinitely the raising of fees. G - II C H
mm o age .
. o a ,
oman low-cost 5
- i
.
meets are another source,‘ "lance program
though they are affected by
national and international icon crime], Conege has lmomc
mm” Changes- ‘associated with United Student
_old (USA) Funds, Inc., a non~
profit organization established
input, women gamma the :to enable students to obtain lo
cost loans to finance college c A
problem _nl faculty salaries. ,
“'In recent years average ia- causes.
multi salaries throughout the I
country have been andreas-
He reviewed the positive
and negative factor-s affecting
Creation of an enjoyed semi
for honor scholar-ship at Gl‘inri
null College in memory at a Des;
notices couples son was an-i
founded by Dr. Winston L,
King, chairman oi the faculty. i,
To be known as the Jamesj
Walter Roseuiield Fund, the‘
scholarship equipment is a mo~
Regarding sources of iinanc-iV
ing, he noted the possibility
that gifts to the college will
continue, though he recognized
that each institution has its own
ability to attract gifts. Endow~
Turning to the expenditure
Side of the planning environs
By Doug McCorniac
5&8 state Writer
has tired every.
has kept songs of
it tried,” said Dr.
 
, "Hinduism
“Cooperation with USA,thing and
‘Funds," Mei-r t c. Ludwig, viceigvepyihing
,______ president of Grinnell, said, “will kingdom L, King (phhlosophyercrl
Editor’s note: This article {increase sources of loans for‘liglon) in demonstration the
was taken from the, chicago iGrlnnell students by $37,500.” complexities of that religion at
Daily News, The basic function of USA lthe third of a series ot lectures
“I happen to believe in some- Funds is to guarantee redﬂY- i33,,03‘eby‘wfgg‘S,g,§,¥_g;;‘;fh 5303;:
what Spar-ran living [or std- men! of loans 10 college std- Ehh"ee of the Board or he“ _
cents, and I think it is a nxlstalie‘ cents Onerhalf ‘05 "‘8 funds inn the lecture was we, ”it
for the colleges of this corn-i “009.553” m ““5. 35°F“ 3” ‘SLlIiday in the sciences pleasure
try to compete like Florida lion] {windeddbymparttlfrpatuig ‘30:; “.00,“ '
tell on the basis of lexus hour~ eyes an e o her one» a i .' ,
mg... President iowaﬁd R, by contributions or American ‘ D’- Km expltnntej‘lstlmhige
women of Grinnell College has busmessfums I g
l ‘word “Hinduism”
‘ 1 ‘about the religion" itself, but
““1““ All of the operating expenses
«1 help that relatively stay oi the loan program are image—[Valley where it is the dominant
W “W”; becomes the scholar. ed by mph-man?“ to usAtreligion. Most of the religions at
In many hmhmhons, ,he accept, Funds from the williams_Volhei-sandra are
eco style of his _ Which sets Fund at burlington, valid, iduism. _ _ _
the tone and to which most std- Under the USA Funds Pl‘O’latlilxidt“S‘§pulled its Eerglnnlnlgs
cents empire — mclyiclc authors gray. students may obtain loansicwﬁf n . ”ESL ,6 “d“ ‘19
files. liquid, {watershed or ligX- of up to $1,000 per year promo ‘55 5‘ ,e‘a‘ ab". ’h has °V°i
names directories expenses their hometown banks at six per line m pda 1“,“,ch sysmm’
hardcover: night clubs. and ex- cent simple interest, with re-- “t ‘3‘” ‘ 9;“ 1”“? 195.31!
tender ski trips" payment extended up to lilreei::;;?e::r;5 a? ag‘aatb‘e‘gmt‘
. . . late
years after graduation. Lrie rn- 5°. - .
If students can afford these surface sufficient to cover the! Nearly everyone in India
outlaysY women said, the should _ 4 . . takes the absolute for granted,
be.paying higher tuition, reduce,ﬁgﬂ‘logﬂdi‘off °;,32‘,§2§,‘:f‘§,; said Dr. King. but it cannon
ing the but-den oi fundraisingicharge to the swap"; ‘
that college trustees and admin- '
intl'at‘long assume in Order to!
keep tuition low.
the
be described; in one sense, it is
a part ol anything you can
name, but it also is nothing
you can name. This absolute is
beyond all meetings, yet in all
meetings, and it is beginning
less, endless, ubiquitous, sanyo
less, pure and good; the term
for this cost-opt is “grammar.”
Although grammar is underm—
table, one or the goals oi the Hill—
due is to define this absolute,
PATRONIZE
YOUR
ADVERTISERS
ing at the rate oi live or six
percent a year. . We have
all been caught up in a kind ,
of race in which each iiisti- ,
action is trying to more lists l
i
l
l
l
l i
i i
i
er than its neighbors. . ."
 
Clal‘flying the point that he
did not recent the recent in.
creates iu salary, he expressed
the opinion that pitch- the ac—
corporation of the i)out»tvul"
babies in colleges, faculty say-
 
SALES . REPAIR . RENTAL
* Smith - Corona
* Oliveﬂi
* series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* * * *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mlmeograpliing
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE
"As “(I lehNtln minimum a...
rat/£1111: tip/rm patient iron. rpm
they my ﬁml tiny Imam mar:
about V5"!!! cum [try via ah”!
ilui'v mini. gui under/m in science
or m a! law in.» civil/i0! ﬁll it:
imny or In: m/idilmn,‘ and m It! or
mount with uni trim", mill wt!tom M: (India/in» of [/1911 arthritis'L patient-m1 from m .tyml
tiixluru: 21, to: it. (wt-ii! lu'v.
Si“ 12,, 35_ lNAYlONALlEVIEW
hr Im soon
24-”. . . . " . :5 5L, NW
l‘, NJ.
1
i
i
i
l
l
l
i
Yuk
only i-items to the Indus River,
included under Hill-‘
thai
ONLY A CHIMNEY remains to communicate the e stence of the plant house.
King announces new scholars/lip
social to the only child of Mr. signature {or the limit by mem—
and lotus Joseph F. Roscntieldi bars oi the college's armenia—
ol Des points. The youth died; archive small and others.
in an automobile accident last With additional contributions
fall. and do per cent matching funds
The Grinncll faculty has iii-om the current Ford Foundaiouiided the scholarship with ‘tion matching fund program, the
contributions which thus for lscholarship equipment is examount to more than $13,000, posted to reach more than
including also several gifts (lcd $20,000.
King'explains. Hindu religion
the many conditions have led to iron, he reaches a state with no
some or the variables oi Hindu~ love or hate, no ideiitilication or
ibm. ‘intelligent; in fact, the person
In the Hindu phllosopliyhhimsell becomes grammar.
grammar is an impersonal A11 hope im- salvation is not
force; this is the basic concept 1m, g; one dies home he ha.
that has» been described. In comes one with grammar; In:
their icltizlon. however. the Hindus believe in an eternal
.Hmdus define the absolute in chain of lives. The needs or past
itcrms of a Concept 01 a division; ‘ lives will affect the life that one
‘the div-may is more personality born into in his futilie; and,
than a force to the Hindu. audiif one acre in a proper way in
iso most common people think of his present like, his next lite \Vlll
;the absolute in terms of someii3e her-pp h, grammar Event.
:dlvilllty. really, the person may reach
, grammar is considered a iBraliman and live the rest of
, cells lives in that encountered
i
I
, source or all that exists in
, time and space, said Dr. King estate.
‘. but it is not the only source. ‘ —
The other source is often call— \ - I
g.. m... a... is out... Shell hostels plan
oi an valuation: to the unen- _
li limited, i is reality; but the II t
, 5.... gives co age iran
grammar, which aetuall is i g
1 mm, Thus, my“ stem: .0 i_ A $1,500 grant to Crinnell
i create a reality, but it creates I’m,“ the 511911 Companies FEW“-
, only an solution. edition under_ the Foundation‘s
, Salvation is the quest oi the,“5hell AssistS’ program. has
islands lite. It occurs only when been “noon“? This is ‘he
‘an individual sets Brahmaustxth year Grmmll has been
,thorough maya, and his sell be- a tax‘ucmant
scores united with grammar; The grant provides $500 for
;Tllo replication oi the absolute investigated use, $500 for gen—
;cannon be just a simple know- oral faculty development, and
law in the mind; a cycling must $500 for the additional prices-
,be lclt “in every fiber oi the signal development oi individual
ibocly." When one gains silver faculty member
 
 
Friday. February I I963
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
Tear/king in Greece, Tanganyika,
By Karen Adkiuson
5&3 Feature Editor
rated by the English word
pride. For example. the church
What does Moshi, Tanganyika,
have in common with Thessalo»
nike, Greece? For one thing,
both are participating in Grinnell‘s version of the Peace
Corps, the Travel-Service Scliolarship. Returning to share their
ﬁftp year abroad were Phyllis
Rogers, '61, and John backup, low.
\links rogers taught common—
dial arithmetic and English lit.
feature in the K.N,C.U. College
ot Commerce in Moshi. The
school, run by a since compare—
time, was a technical
school.
“The Pr
Julius N3 there, has
oi St, Elijah. an old B .active
structure in Thessalonika, was
starting to trouble listed the
works conducted Greece,
“To preserve the building, the
works interested the walls
:When the works‘ were posted.
the businesses immediately were
.taken away because no Greek
‘church was going- to he held up
ibm Turkish businesses."
I Miss goes commented on the
l
l
icultilrnl stocks she had received him an insight into rural Greece:
i”!n one tribe I 'visited there
were
salesman and a healthy bank I°b
credibly healthy, and no (listen '-I
lion between a middle-Cl:
president is made in the African
mind. It is Comparable to our
consideration OI zl billionaire
and a millionaire. Both are so
rich that in our minds they are
the Same,”
As a part ot his job Eacltus
added in reconstruction villages
l'rl'IiCh had been (destroyed by
Communist guerrillas just after
World War it This work gave
“With these illiterate lillagers
_ , no children ot a certainiherc was no knowledge of the
h'mnlngiage. Some time ago there had inagninccnt tradition at Greece.
Ibcen a terrible family and what Here were breaks who were un-
idcnt oi Taiiganyika,tllttie road there was went ﬁrss‘aware of their heritage and the‘DaImg in the Uncle Sam's Club
repeatcdlto the warriors. then the other contribution or their nation to
over and over that his eountryimen, then the women, and ﬁnfl-,western civilization—such a con»
is rating a war against three
enemies insurance, poverty,
and disease," Miss Rogers
marked. "In education the em-icept of the economic problems a fantastic experience
‘ly the children.
, “I was also somewhat super
trust to the educated Greek who
is stopped in his ancient hair
re- Cd that the Africans had no con-Wage," backup declared. “It was
just to
php 's is, therefore, primarily onion the average US. citizen. Evelincct and talk with these programming professional and tech. anyone here is thought to be inrlplo."
nations; the liberal
want.
“There are three levels or
education now onercd a pro
mary, middle, and secondary7
but each successful level
able to absorb only the very
top oi the preceding level.
Two»year teacher training is
available to those who are unable to continue, but there is
still a critical lack of even
arts
generally quiltﬁed teachers.” -
She continued. "At the higher
levels foreign teachers can be
used, and Tanganyika looks to
the technically superior us. to
provide some of these. At the
lower levels, native teachers are
beginning to all the gap.”
backup, who taught. at Anna
topic College, a combination june
for high, high school, and col»
legs, spent two years abroad
instead of the usual one year. I
“By the end of the time, the‘
cultural stocks which i had ﬁlet'
been so aware at were a part of
life there I learned," he said,i
“not to feature with my palm
open toward my listening since:
this is believed to cast an evil‘
spell. i heard a story or a tour-i
ist who was containing in the,
market place at a Greek town
She held up her hand with her:
fingers extended to signing ﬁVE‘
drachmes, and immediately a‘
early crowd formed. it took a
police escort to get her out._
“One faces of Greek life
which is especially difficult:
for an consider to compressed
is described by an untranslat- l
able Greek word, best approach
must , 7
By John \golf
5&1} Asst. News Editor
The question period with this
'time Douglas in Roberts Theatre
‘fatal'truly afternoon following his
first two lectures covered a
large rica or topics,
integrating on his staiciiient‘p;,,.emmwcr
that there
lbutwcan lesbians and Ameri—
icons than there is difference,
lDouglzls said that he believes
money 3 per cent oi the Russian
people are columnists Parents
is
suggestions iorDoiunlas coverﬂ iopi
ion Russian-American differences
ichildren into science rather thanlnight programs (779 pm.)
I
(S
politics Further, the lesbians'
interest in music is simple
probably even stronger, than the
Americans ,
Continuing on the sonic topic,
Douglas stated that were it not
for the v.2 incident, president
lloiild probably
indie simulation ham gone to Russ“, and mm, painting and various othcrgroup
ed the law cst welcome in that
country‘s history because he was
the symbol of victory over Gore
many.
When asked how tl‘ill country
Brochures are now available
iTraveI grants. exchange plan
prince/I grade spend fifth year!
available for student's, press
events visiting the us.
from Stephen E. Wood, clean 01,
1mm, from the International Sttlrl
sent Travel Center program {or
student work and travel abroad
in 1863.
Among the innovations on'fred
for the summer ahead will be
in the past both students {ages
16735)) and teachers (no age
limit) have participated in such
ograms. which include paying
”labs, orientation, seminars and
‘tours.
opportunities outside air
Western Europe, travel grande
and a two-way exchange pro-
‘gray thereby ISTC members
can obtain travel expense re
auctions by providing won or
room and board for foreign star
For the most part. job npcip
are in installed categories
i minimal language qtlaliﬁnations. They cover such occurs—
tions as running, construction
and factory work, child care and
rhotel-resort work. Wages are
loaded on the standard rates in
Ithe various countries and may
‘rzlnge from room and board in
‘a Spanish work camp to $190 a
smooth in a Wcst German inc<
story.
ilnviie student
to aid kids' club
I Students interested in 1);)“.le
ISTC members are at liberty
to make their own travel arrangements or sign up for a
‘seminar program that includes
program during the second iouucost jet transportation and
semester are invited to indicators-
iGrinnelI details
scholarship will
ing with this age group grey A grant of $750 to Grinnell
available for Monday through College by the yearsﬂoebnck
rThul'stay aiternoons, and m. foundation, through the iowa
quite two hours every other‘college Foundation, has been an—
.work, council by John R. McFarland,
l Grinnell Vicerpresident for de.
. The Tuesday and Wednesday‘t-clopmcnlz
ln-l
solve fifth and sixth gradersi This grant is one which the
,and junior high students res foundation provides to private
relatively, and also require two colleges Wmipamg in
,l‘o'”; years-Roebuck Foundation M
; More advanced activities l0r§cholarship Program for chat.
lhcsc smug: include cooking click of years personnel.
‘metalworking, w o u d not ing.
The afternoon program (3:307
5:00 pin.) consists of iormulat—
‘mg and implementing a proigrain of activities and crafts for
,children between the ages of 4
land 9. Opportunities for for
This grant quiltﬁes for an our
‘ﬂCtIYlUCS- ‘Cent matching funds in Grin-
; Students impressed m signing null's current Ford Foundation
,up for any afternoon or evening‘searching Fund program,
,group are asked to contact Earw
bars honda (e. t. 260) or Randyl
. .i
‘“ Russ” tend I" “ham“ Lbfll‘cuultl make better use of the
money which it is not ing in
at the top," Douglas said that
~we must attach the condition
Girls: you can ‘
,thai. the Collntl i'CCQIVili such‘
90 +0 Harvard said must make {stores g
Questioned about the weak—
The two»year Master in Busi- “05565 0! zero's ideologtn Doug»
news Administration program at‘las claimed that it skiﬂed (he
the Harvard Graduate balloon.0|’l>051ti0n parties and brandon
M“ be directly open to womeniout from there to stable such or-j
beginning in September 1963. navigation as the press and re-l
Since was, the second year at lists- l
the program has been open t0,- Douglas maintained that the,
qualified graduates of the HM‘-;investors of soa by supposedly
,oi-danish,
on a sabbatical for a stay in that
banking (ext. 270) or to make
use of several lunch line sign—
ups within the next few weeks
Smith on leave;
to study in France
albert M. Smith. associate
professor of French and college
will leave this month
with
Mediterranean Traveling
1USA drawings
display
i
‘oregon
i DRAWINGS US.A., a group
ion outstanding works chosen
ltrom more than 1300 drawings
win biennial competition, is now
[on display in Schaetier Gallery.
The cxhi it, which Consists of
forty-nine drawings, is calculations to art centers and united-
Iyal‘d-RpfgcliffetF{°E|‘am in Bus'lpcaccful India would be cXplaill~‘his w e. Mr. Smith will spendlsities throughout the nation Lln<
,press moms Ia Ion- . red as an Indian attempt to milan',mlb0ut three weeks visitingidcr the auspices of The Ameri.
Under the new policy, was sci its tear of Rccl China ll‘its‘points or historical interest in ice" Federation of Am It Wm
l men candidates may apply dis other areas. isouyhcm name and spam Hm,
cal for dm's‘ t th I . the featured here through Feb.
$11033 “5531;?“ 0 ° Justice Douglas was also askcdihc will respect and play orgasm. 5
‘ , - 10.
Women interested in applied how this country could send young ”om early Dem“ ,
, tpersons overseas Without. con- I
Itor admission may contact the: - , . . .»
, , , i . i . cl t P. l
dmimsum e Duecm of the listing them to the government. The Smiths will ti’w o hits,
‘M,B.A. Program, Harvard Grad— He replied ”m "““y “Hewlwmre they “”11 COMM” “mt kyle E. nursery
. had programs thereby students. . . . . i I
note School oi Business Ads mm schclmhips by Leachingtricnch study for se\elaliiioliiisl
.l\
demonstration. Boston 63, Mass. I
in irndci-developed county-ie
~. Smith will study organ wiihi
On the topic oi dictionaries,
 
Now Showing
"War Lover"
Steve McQueen
Robert Wagner
Sun. +hrs Tues.
"Lonely Are
The Brave"
Kirk Douglas
and
"Two tickets to Paris"
Wei—Self.
"If A Man
Answers"
Sandra Dee
Bobby paris
‘Dollgltls stated that they meet‘
their greatest success when they
go abroad will the thought oi
rendering service and that their
GLASSES
Made and impaired in iclaim that their religion ’« hot-‘
‘tcp than the ﬁlight.‘ religion.
our laboratory. I
Conl'clcl' Lenses 1 Mi. Robert liavcman \all
serve as college organize in the
CASES AND
be on leave second Semester. I
SOLUTIONS
lthe world reported porlorincri
and teacher, indie Marchzil. or—
danish at St. Eustache
Continuing to travel about Eu~
3mm. al may, mm when ”my‘hope (during the summer months;itingscmnti.
they will visit Scan av , her.
land, Holland, and Belgium.
tend the Salzbcrg chtilill.
The Smiths will return to
absence of albert Smith (niod-‘Grinnell in September [or the to science class
era foreign language) who grill‘opening of the 1963434 college sci'enter students individually at
year.
is visiting pro‘F
Dr. kyle E. russell, as.iprofessor ol matheniati
lGi-innell College, will bc a “i'
‘ ‘at the English title
iloy Community Schools in solid
state
at:
loans, Austria, Italy, S\‘.It/,cr-‘Enéflash on Wednesday, Feb. ti.
I As a participant in the p;o-
Mrs. coleman is organize in‘IIC ‘“ Al‘sea ”‘CY “111 “t“gi-am, pursuit will perform c -
lpciiinents and concentrations,
hold informal discussions. speak
and talk to in-
. the high school.
 
 
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist
Across from Post Office
 
 
DIXIE
OPEN 24 HOURS EXCEPT
SATURDAY E
CINNAMON ROLLS, S
VENING
UNDAY DINNERS.
SHORT ORDERS
 
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February I. 1963
 
Pioneer basketbaiiers win two, 90 for two more
:simon, Lawrence next' handles
in Pioneers' comeback effort
Lawrence, joe
downtown DarbyE
The Grinnell basketball team
brought its record over the .500)
-mark with victorian over Lawn
hence and joe last Saturday and
-Tuesday in party gym.
”In Saturday's 92-67 rent, the
ratings were [he ﬁrss to break
the scoring ice, but from that
'point the PiOHEGI‘s tool: complete
charge. after the opening basket, Grinnell connected for 20
straight points, holding the vi
items awareness for 6V2 minutes. .
The Pioneers increased their
lead slightly as the half drew
to a close, the score at the
midpoint being 50727. In this
period both square took 40
shots at the basket, with the
Scarlets hitting on 50 per cent
oi theory, against Lawrence’s
32 per cent
In the second half the Pioneers
ran up a Soapoint lead,
cleared the bench, coaching in
for the ﬁnfl game total of 92
points. I
JIM MIFFLIN led the Grlnnell
point collectors with a total of
20 markers, while John russell
was second with 16. The ‘Pioneer
defense held the ratings' high
scoring guard, Joel Ungrodt, to
only 13 points.
in Tuesday’s contest, Grinnell
held a Slim lead throughout the
early part of the ﬁrss half, but
broke away after a ﬁVCApoint
play. citizen was forced while
shooting, and a technical foul
was called against joe's Jim
decimal. limit connected on
each of. the three charity losses.
and the Pioneers scored againl
after taking the ball from out all
-_sounds. ,
Hitting on 45 per cent of "
their held goal attempts (and i
44 per cent for the game)
Grinncll ran up a 12-point, 5743 lead. Miﬂwin’s 11 free
throws for the half kept the
Pioneers well ahead.
Grinnell increased its lead to‘
20 points in the second miami, but
a press by the Kohawks met
with some success. joe came
within nine markers. then drop—
per further- behind the hotshooting Pioneers. When the biohawks began their press, principal showed the tampa of the:
contest down, waiting for good
opportunities before shooting.
The ﬁnfl score was 92-76. i
limit led Grinnell in settings
with 33. But it was Suiidell,
playing with tour souls most of
the second half, who saved the,
contest by pulling down the im—x
contact rebounds when the K0hands’ threat was most severe.
Sophomore Skip Swan led joe
With 18 points, while the leading
scores for the ’Kohawks. dylan
kitty, was held to three.
Freshmen camera
Despite a ballhawking full
court press, the Grinnell freshman basketball team coupon‘t,
find the range and suffered a‘
66-63 loss at the hands of joe
and ‘
GRINNELL'S TOP REE
Peter Kollmixn
5&3 Staff Writer
The Gl‘innell basketball squad
‘races two key tests in MCAC ac-
i
i
l
t:
on
this weekend. On Friday
he Pioneers will be in simon,
Wisconsin, to take on the simon
Redmen and on Saturday Griniall will lace Lawrence at A1)-
Il the Gl‘il‘let‘ll team
its this weekend, they will be
ii an excellent position with 6
straight home games before the
season closer at joe.
simon, which, along with council, leads the conference with
a 7 record, is led by junior
albcontcranee football quarter—
back Jack anderson. who, ac-
" working to Coach deutsch, is “one
of the finest allaal‘fund basketball players I have seen in
MCAC action.” The other two
,‘mclnbei‘s 01 simon’s strong front
line are G'dl’y Meus. 6-6 junior teams.
OUNDER,
Prooirin prince” wedding
“Coach, I‘m sorry, but ever
since I"ve been out for basketball. my grades have been fail-
.‘ing. I'm going to have to quit." ‘
How many coaches have
heard this “I'm sorry, coach"
speech? How many have mainly
tried to continue athletes that
intercollegiate athletic compete-
‘tion has little effect on grades?
A study which supports this
claim has been conducted by
E. G. Booth, in, professor oi
physical education at Simpson
College. From his research, he.
was able to conclude, “In this
particular study, participation
in athletics did not check act»
comic achievement by covering grades"
The study. conducted at a
small (1,000) liberal arts college}
gives coaches and supporters all
intercollegiate athletics evidence
which can be fired at critics
Booth used as a control group
so students who did not particle
page in intercollegiate athletics,
lee compared the grades of this
group to those of football, base
ketball, and track letter-men.
The 50 non—athletes showed a
sentence to make higher final
shipped by joe
previous engagement.
The Kohawks actually won
the contest at the tree throw
line, hitting 20 out, oi 2i charity
l
i
i
l
losses to 15 01 20 for the via—V
 
in Cedar Rapids last Friday.
, After training 35 to 26 at the.
half and do to 28 early in llc‘
second half. the Pioneers went,
into a full court press With‘
A1 Peterson, Gordon Kinkcad,
and Ted sister applying pressure, Jetl grants store the ball
six times and with ll minutes‘
to go Grinnell led 45.44, their
only lead 01 the game.
But the Pioneers coupon’t keep
the lid on the basket long
enough to stay in front. joe kept
right on hitting and led tits-nu
at one point.
High scores for the Contest
was trailer with 23 points, Kilikead had 21 and Peterson 10 for.‘
the Pioneers while former Des,
points Roosevelt drop Jerry)
frames led joe with 20 points,
it was the first loss of the)
season for the freshmen, They:
detected Wartburg 65432 in their;
years.
marks than mid-semester marks.Their grade average rose at the
send of the ﬁrss semester front
80 to 81, and at the end of the:
second semester from 82 to 33,
Football lottermcn's grades
rose little during periods ot
non—competition. Their grade
average at the mid—semester
point during the ﬁrss semester
was slightly below so. These
grades contained with the end
of the football season. Their
final grade average was a little
allows 30. During the second
semester football players‘
grades were, like nothixtllletes,
slightly higher, the average
being 81. ,
Track leticrmell’s grades went‘
up an average of one point our-i
ing periods oi constitution. was—i
ketball letter-men also enjoyed a,
endpoint jump in grade average;
during the ﬁrss semester. These
risks, however, correspond top
crisis in the non—achieve control:
igroup. During the second sen‘less:
,her, the first half of which has,
:etball players participated in)
athletics, their grade average
was a constant 82, ,
This study was conducted at a.
icollege which docs not place
,great emphasis on winning. That‘
iathlctics has no ill clients on
‘grades is the conclusion supported throughout the study.
1 The tools can‘t be denied. The,
lloyd student can do well while‘
:participating in intcrcollegiatev
athletics. .
Sevelitysix batteries at
Glimlell College had a grade-
. point average the first stress
 
PENNEY’S
ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY
Headquarters
for Canvas records
\human complete line of Canvas Oxiortls in
white AA or B, black. red and
Men's Canvas records
Plain Te
variable Canvas Men's Oxford. Ideal >
Sizt: G to 12. Medium
.casual \van r.
widths.
or gym
blue. sizes 5 to 9.
$2.99 ‘
e White
for
$2 99
 
, violin russell, and center and second to Anisorsoni
ianothet‘ Pioneer struggle for control of the ball during last in 560““5- and Willie ireland-‘
Tuesday’s contest against joe. Sluidell pulled down 16 ste-.913
sounds in the Pioneers' 92-76 victory.
6-3 sophomore forward.
mounting out, their first five
*CoI/age sports don 't court grades-
her 01 the 19614952 of 2.72, it
i 0 plus average.
Of these 23 had better than
‘ I 3 point; 3 were elected to
Phi Beta happy; B were on
the Dean's list.
The following is a list of
grade-points by square:
Cross country, 3.10
Basketball, 2.9x
Baseball, 2.82
Track, 230
Swimming, 2.74
Golf, 2.72
Tennis, 2.69
Football, 2.07
Wrestling, 2.55
Soccer, 2.30
can rest .
email in convention with victor», bahncmg
care senior guard Frank' Small
Jim balloon,
in 1112
and soph guard
who scored 20 points
against earlier meeting,
i
Plitscll noted that the trim
, null team had greatly improv-
‘, etc since the teams’ first on:
counter, won by simon, 30-79,
i but that the home court add
vintage and simon's mounting
into midrscason form would he
factors in what
should be a hardrlought date
i llc. He also stated that due
1 to excellent play in the Pie
1 offers' two previous games,
i no linear changes were stated.
The Lawrence team that the
Pioneers play Saturday is the
same they dcicatad easily last
week but deutsch stated francis
that he was “scared to death"
of the ratings. “Since we play.
ed them just last week, the
game will still he ti-css in the
minds or due players oi both
“This will contribute to more
inspired play by Lawrence and
a sentence toward over‘const»
dance on our part."
deutsch also noted that Lawlrcnce had not yet lost a home
;game during this season. The
buildings, led by guard Joel Un—
igrodt, have a 4-5 record in conference play.
MIDWEST CONFERENCE
LEADING SCORERS
FG FT '1‘? Avg.
21 201 22.3
18 154 22.0
35 177 19.7
41 175 19:4
56 174 19 3
40 172 19.1
35 169 18.8
24 148 18.5
27 181 18.1
41 143
157
155
166
126
145
lTomek (for)
‘Hendricks (B)
iUngrodt (L)
lVarnado tB)
Wilkison (M)
henderson (R)
woman (R)
Write (joe)
,samoa (5.0.)
lMittlin (G)
iMotzko (Car)
‘davis (R)
lCurrent (Car) 70
reseller (joe) 56
ilvtalchow (5.0.)55
‘il
55
65
 
Fr. Preble, Chaplain
St. Paul's Student Center
EPISCOI’AL
O SUNDAYS—7:30 a.m., 9 (Lmi and 4:30 p.m,
O “WEDNESDAYS—7:00 a.m., mechanism
0 DAILY OFFICES ._ 7:30 mm. to 4:30 pm.
Continental breakfast alter all morning services
Fr. william, oscar
 
 
 
 
PIPE
SM 0K ER '5
A C C 555 ORIES
Pipe Cleaners
Pipe broker's Companion Tobacco touch
Also large selection of pipes and tobacco
VARSITY
 
 
Friday. February ll I963 SCARLET AND BLACK Page Seven
'batman's does: scott, Siwasli
By newton Clymcr . ship through will be wrist. Coach amy Moore said ennl
, , line at 191 ll)s., and Jim i-intllm- this week that he is option
The 3‘1“”6“ "MW wresungicld will wi‘ 5116 at 167 ins.‘-nlsllc and thinks that (ha teams
401"“ .“r‘DPwS, ”5 COHEN?!“ The only other change will and has an excellent alias.ce to take
$0,?pfﬁ'i‘g‘ﬂsthgynffgrl‘ﬁl ‘31:: Larry Miller at 177 lbs. both meets. In previous casino.
- ,s . ~ 1 - t, - action the Pioneer ratings der _ ,
lnanlh. file following day the‘ beﬂithdlgilddiieyhit 2112? Rush {rated Simpson College roll 58.1% 51:3:10136“?t
' ‘ ' ' S 0-2 I 01‘
gi'ap lcrs tan le with Knox all a . - , , _
1:30 ”pm g l John Gamma M 130 lbs" Al ,aitEei losing lo VVaitbuig 23 6.
l
_ . . , MMngm a. 137 ",5. newton l The li'cayman wrestling, who At times during the basketball team’s three week law
Thcie Will be two changes m , . , _ » ,_ . , . . . -.
the Pioneer “temp [his amok“! Clymer a. 1.1., “w Win v“ ‘lEixyol;:april)lrti: ihgixyeﬁiciln éilil'i‘cliff and the wrestling square six week competition void
and according to Coach Terryl Home at 157 lbs. and Morgan “on g“ febmmy 12 ngfi‘,stan“‘“y {59‘3‘55 We‘lfcx‘éde ﬁlm!“ the ”Emmi? “owen“
Mom-c, Michel nt lightweight $me” manner in vi net i all eric schedules were drawn up.
' ‘ ' .However, when the problems that contract the Conference
lbasketball coaches in drawing up their schedules are re- V
O . (sealed, our feelings for them change from discuss to city.
an era WI art e w" "ox, was two game. ml man, it as. it... t...
three FridayASaturilay combinations to complete the 18
[game Conference schedule. In order to facilitate this, the
By 1 Eric Jacobson ten MCAC schools are passed by geographical location, so
5523 gm” Write, 'that each weekend two teams from one section will inside
A somewhat altered edition of the wrote courts of two of another area. Carleton and St.
‘the crime“ 5\\ijxnn}ing team Olaf, both in Northfield, Minn, complete one such pair
1will meet Knox College in the while the others are Ripoii and Lawrence, plymouth and
,Grinnell pool tomorrow at 130. Knox, Beloit and joe, and Gi‘innell and Cornell.
1 Howard Schein and John Te , l . l ‘
t have been added to ”50 On any given ideal weekend, four teams Will be
> water cum. of swingers. on two-contest road trips, while the remaining duos
. 'Schcin has been swimming with play each other. Idea] is the proper word to use in the
the freshmen but became eligible situation because of the complications caused by the
for the variety at the end of‘ varying vacation and exam schedules of the ten
the SEND-“10F- : schools, and the limited time in which the Conference
reset, who was named the‘ schedule must he completed.
most improved Pioneer the iasc‘ _ 4 . . ,
, mo years, sat out the ﬁrss Se. The first limitations to arise are those imposed by
‘ ‘master this year in order to con- NCAA rules, which state that no member school may play
contract on academics. Both a basketball game before the weekend of December 1. Be
_. neirAclomers off freestylel‘s- u ing a member, the Midwest Conference must sphere to this
‘ ﬁring?! 1212‘ ”(if/will tviiiclud: restriction, and must send its champion to the NCAA tour-
. regulars Ji‘m Adelmm Jim parent held lifetime at the beginning of Match. This
° ’ leaves a total of about 14 weekends during which the Con-
Cross, Palmer "it!“ and Ralph
may, defence schedule must be completed.
1 W’tl th 11.l r ii.I . . l . l
j Creixgliton 91112:?Ce‘art'ov_.eg( th: The second, and far more integrate compensation in<
_5 mime” have had an OPPOFW' valves the school calendars, which, it seems, pay no at-
,my for two weeks of serum; mention to sports. Four schools have what is known as a
iCondlthﬁing (or Knox and the three-three program in which there are three periods to
LEAPING HIGH ABOVE the Lawrence december (Joel heavy schedule of meets which the nine-month school year, and during" each a student
Ungrodt).lPioneer leading scores, Jim Miﬂ'lib. goes for tuiolff’now The tank“ have had generally takes three courses, hence the name. On' this
more Mifflin collected 20 markers in Saturday's 9267 “Yu'a'day' “’OH‘ONS ‘0“ much °r|scliedulc, exams come some time between December'l and
root of the V‘ inn-s. ‘lhlS period lthe Christmas access. The other six colleges have their
K . ~ _ t g c. . . .
n “’11 new“ 1 you" finals lifetime shortly alter the vacation.
 
 
.team, with seven sophomores on
 
 
‘ . .
la Squad 0f 12. i As pick would have it, each of the threeethree schools.
l
PIZZA DELIVERED ‘ Carleton, Lawrence, joe and plymouth, are in di'l‘recent
MIDWEST CONFERENCE geographical pairs. Grinnell has thrown another 'monkey
BVBALL STANDINGS 3w each into the works by having the interim period, and
HOT FROM THE OVEN w L Pct. financing- the (late of ilnnls slightly.
2;? This means that almost every weekend between the
:55; beginning of December and the end of January Ls lost be-
.556 cause one school of a pair is either savings finals or is on \'a<
.556 nation. Now in order to make things work out right, the
50" schedule has to be juggled to meet each scale 's individual-
“144 ibm. Then it is easy to pick out the hair ’ in; problems
‘4“ the coaches must weather at their annual scheduling meet—
* Fans warned to 300 degrees gyms“
* Delivery from 6 p.m. to 12 Midnight- 0,531,811
Call 236-6222 lCoe
Knox
AHRVANO'S- PIZZA 3:330“
Next to the Bowladrome Lawrence
St. Olai
plymouth
 
ospbmmmmqq
$nuumhb$mw
Some MCAC coaches feel that the number of Con—
GRINNELL SPORTS science games should be reduced to 14, and the remaining contests be against non-conference fresh anniversary L1 field coach John I’l'itsch, however, agrees with the inaBasketball ‘ j its of Midwest Conference pilots who want the ni-
simon (simon, his) Feb. 1 Conference schedule retained at all cost.
religmvzmme (Applemn’ mls') Pfitscli feels that the Conference must remain closely
I ' knit 'ntei'collective athletics at Grinnell, as well as the
D A N E c R A FT i l “”95““‘3 other MCAC colleges, is to be meaningful. The equality
STERLING SILVER Momf‘m‘m “mm” Ffb' 1' of the Conference is one reason why many reservoir con-
‘ Knox (home) Mb‘ “' ‘sides' it an ideal setup. Pl‘itsch is strong,r in his belief that
Swimming _ it; is important to preserve this status, and not allow it
Km“ mm“) “b 3' to be destroyed only because of scheduling difficulties.
 
for the perfect- Valentine
IfE SKA TES
TRADED
SOLDWSHARPENE
HOLLOWGROUND with precision accuracy by the newest and finest Sharpening
machine available.
, p , .GEORGE.& ROLF, ,
1 h’ J I .lriwm....e as
osep s ew try "assist: °f""533'2;.....l' ta
 
 
 
 
Page Eight
_, Hamilton: ‘
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. February II [963
a women are extremely hundred"
Etl. note: TllL is the second
article by bit‘tri.,eat~ abroad
accident Ann llamilton. '52.
how that l have been in Thai
land low- several months and
hate gained more than transport
or tourist status, 1 find myself
constantly prepared with ques
tions from my dark—eyed little
girls who would like me to of»
for a now candle documents on
the comparison or the two her—
ispheres l
INVARIABLY my elements
and twcltth grade students
come north with the simple ours
tion, “Teacher, please tell us the .
dittcrcncc between girls in Thai-ll
land and those in the United;
State‘s," ,i;
If I were to give a straight.‘,
forward statement ot my appraisal oi the situation, l'd
probably lose my job, so I try‘
to be a little com in answering
these inquiries. 3
Even though I try to protect llc C1355mm 01.
their young tender minds and sclml‘
protect my own moral remote-l ng CAN be announced for‘
lion, 1 can’t hell) but being exp by the fact that children are
greatly aware of the wide gulf raised being taught to have ultibetween the role assumed by male and ullqucslioning respect
the female sex on our opposite for any click. particularly a
sides of the world. ‘teacher. At iii-st Ialinost thought
Although Thailand is not there must be some phenomenon,
noted for putting outrageous genetic will'french bctwecnthese,
limitation on her women 7 by girls and their western counter:
Asian standards _ i still find parts, but rather it is just an
that the lite and actions of Thal‘extensive course in social pro—l
women are extremely hundred local begun shortly alter birth
by Western modes of nieastire—,— comparable to nothing that:
input. family Post can ever come next"
A woman in this country ltd offering.
knows her place and makers As a result, from ‘a very
no attempt to go beyond it. i, early age the girls are st -
'Legillly she has most oi the t ed on their subtle induction
the building
education or girls. Although it there are obvious signs llldl»
is now becoming normally res eating that women are gradually
october for girls to enjoy the being permitted to make more
gifts or higher education, there threads into the field of educa—
is still not. 1‘ great deal 0! ins
central [or them.
tion however', I think shall. the
social courses on girls and com—
en Will
continue to be strictly
I am made academy aware of informed.
this when I compare facility ill
the use of English between the
Thai women teachers whom I
work with and the men macro
en's whom I know from other‘
Although almost every girl
in my classes can sing all oi
the latest Elvis dresses songs.
they know almost nothing
from practical experience oi
the dating habits which he and ‘
schools. ‘
, his yellow-ministers eliminate,
THERE ARE very {all/lead? Every once in a while one at
_era here who will visit with me the mom forward students will
in English smce It I consider‘ed venture north With such a brave
quite broken for a girl to tlaunt quesmn 35, “Teacher, what is
~ her education _ it could well a diving golvov 50 I allcmpl ml
1056 her a mar age opportun‘llyv give my merger expectations to
Also getting them to think girls who have never had so
about or talk about any intel-,much as a place chat wm‘ a
lectuﬂl or political subject is
most. dial‘adult SIHCC they simply ’
‘haven’t luther'cd 10 think about A;
such things.
There are defining changes ;
Coming in this pattern at thinking since more students are be- ,
ing altered the opportunity for i
education, But it is only in the
last gcnci ton that students
especially girls, have been other
ed the opportunity for foreign
study.
As a result. when they re» .
turn to Thailand title new and
progressive ideas, many oi
{her still incl the gardens oi
having to break through the .
ranks oi ago and authority in 1
order to share any oi the ideas i
which they have acquired. I"
There is an overwhelming tcii— l
denied to be continued with :
life just {IS it is and not. every -
rights and privileges oi here,
male counterpart, but in her
union process which teaches
them first and forecast to 1'27
an excessive amount of ever-
BAT'I‘LING FOR THE FUCK behind the Des Maine
boy.
I was salllewhtll taken black
to manually inquire about a letter that one of the teachers was
reading and therefore to learn
that it was not her personal let—
her, ‘but one which she was cent
spring before giving it to the
,students.
The explanation for this was
that, it might be a letter from
t a boy which would he continually something to the std—
sent’s sellers work.
Essentially, these are some of
the observations as well as some
of the complications I've met in
making a smooth transexual
from thcefemzlle role in the social and academic world of (311
poll to para Academy
Chicngmai, Thailand.
in
Ann Hamilton, ’62
5
social lite she is not allowed i
such latitude, ,
Teaching in an all girls'l
school makes this point named-
lately apparent. in this school‘results oi this reading system
of 1000 students. I’ve yet to see can be noted in the attitudes
a discipline problem either in which are published concerning
member their position or startup and never attempt to
stretch its sounds 3
Some of the most prominent
\% ha FIND OUT WHY
 
WHY WE
SHARPEN MOST
gy where it is unnecessary.
Pfilsch says weights
facilities available
John Ptitseh tphys ed.) last
announced that party gymnas-l
‘11“)! will be open and weight
,facilities available train 1'30 to?
5:30 pm. Sunday, beginning
Feb. 3 Piitseh also announced
' studied Des
{:0le is Gl'l'lonely‘s Dave plates and two of the Des barnes
All—Stzlr players. The All-stars successfully average the scoring- threat and cruises to a 13-1 victory over the Pioneers.
Hockey club to play Carlelon
and St. claim after l3-l defeat
Grinnell's young hockey club‘ A migration for the weekend
took a 13.1 drinking Sunday at is planned. information concern—
the hands of an apparently pro-line travel and fees will be discounts All~Start oriented next week, according to
'team. Five of the Allrstal's \tel‘e‘Langham.
IN GRI
\ OF THE ICE SKATES
NNELL
HARRY'S SPORT SHOP
 
 
ESCORTED TOURS COST
TOO MUCH.
LOOK AT THIS!
Air-Sen Cruise to the Amazon River at Caribbean
30 Days from New York — 3795
Air»neil Cruise to the friend pic Hawaii
52 Days iron, Long Beach _ $1695
Western Europe and israel by air or ship
57 to 76 Days from New York —. $1499
Fiesta and Festival Tour oi Western Europe
59 to is Days from New York — $1325
'Club Mcditermnee‘ vol' _ v italy. Greece, or israel
Two Weeks brown Pa s all inclusive
who—92704399 plus transportation to Paris
The Spartan Tour oi Europe by bicycle, rail, pic speaker
45 days from London 3453 (add . r or ships
Summer Session at knives oi l '
SIX weeks by air, IS weeks by
Around the World & Europe by ship
68 Days train San Francisco e 31795
“In the taco ot ll‘llc great potential value that a trip can
assume. it seems almost tr pic that with so many studio it
remains merely a series at pleasant. super-tieial expressions,
on unlimited so ch for ‘ddvetllure, a trustiatine attempt to
'I'alcohol the ht or individual, and nations. rapid transit
through pediatric. lid cities. an including muscle with railroad
schedules and hotel r . athens." Classrooms Aliinad.
'GRINNELL Av CENTER
930 Main Street Telephone 236-4384
7 from $635
 
 
t last year's now cletunct Des
,that all freshman and soplio- points trains.
critics who have not completely
-,tlieir physical education
loticnee are to meet Tuesday,
era 5, in party at 10 pm,
;registration for second semester“
lots'brings will be held and con-l
‘services containing to the com—‘
location ot
disable.
Griunell player-coach Jeri
Langham scored the lone Pioneer goal l the ﬁrss. period.
59,
l
i
1 Pioneer goalie Earl running
went the full three periods, al—
losing the 13 AILSt'dr scores
while making 37 saves.
The Pioneer club is now ones
and two with th Des homes‘
club after an e- .season 4—3
loss and an 8-5 victory Jan. 20,
objectives will be:
The Grinncll seemed travel to
'Northrield, Minn, next. weekend
for a match with Carleton Sat—
today and St, Oloi Sunday. The
,Pioneers will play both schools"
lreshman units, Both the north
el'rl colleges play lntercollcgiatcl
hockey.
Mnellu
Swtln
Simpson
iiectnmi
ill't soul, en a
U ('.Sm It
a gamma
 
‘Ildlltllue \‘(isle (-llllllcll
updated to be former members‘
l contains grand
given to college
A grant of $2,500 to Grinnell
College from the General Elccs
true Foundation t‘or use by the
lcollege‘s department of economy
its has been announced,
This grant, foundation oil‘trials
said, was made to supplement
the funds available for use all'
undergraduate instruction in the
t‘leads of industrial accountingand finance during the 1963434
academic year.
The second such grant to the
college. the initial one was an
unportaiit factor in the 65ml»
basement of the college‘s station
tips laboratory.
 
LEEPER'S HAS THE BEST SELECTION
FOR SWEETHEARTS AND LOVED
‘A' CLASSECAL
at FOLK
LEEPER'S MUSIC
"We Wrap" and Ma
 
* MODERN
STOP IN AND LET US HELP
YOU PICK THE "RIGHT" GIFT
OF GIFTS
ONES
CO.
 
 
