Young Dems Sponsor Conference
To Consider staff Plan Sunday
Dave Evans, President of
the Grinnell Young Democrats,
has announced plans for the
antieshaff Plan Conference and
. orkshop to be held on campus this Sunday. The conference is sponsored by the Young
Democratic Clubs of Iowa and
by the Grinnell College Young
Democrats. All sessions will be
held in counter Lounge and
will be open to the college community at no charge.
The staff Plan is a proposed
form of reapportionment that
has been passed by two conSecutive sessions of the Iowa
Legislature. Iowans will go to
the polls on December 3 to
register their approval or disapproval.
The Iowa Young Democrats have opened opposed
the shaft proposal. They
have continued that the new
legislation will merely establish a rural-nominated House
and will continue to allow a
small percentage of the population to block the efforts of
an underrepresented majority.
Sunday's Conference will
concern pre<election and election day tactics to be employed
by the Anti-Shaft forces. Featured will be speeches by
Frank eye, 'associate Editor of
the Cedar Rapids Gazette,
Vern Davis and Jack Lewis.
President and Treasurer respectively of the Iowa order»
union of Labor. AFLVCIO, and
C. admin Gilmour, (political
science) member of Iowans
Against the Shﬂff Plan.
 
Fifth Year Abroad Scholars to Return
Next Weekend for Series of Discussions
Five Fifth Year Abroad students will return to Grinnell
next Thursday and Friday for
a series of talks and discussions on their experiences. The
five are Ron Dorr (Colombia),
‘1 e a n n e Gissenaas (India),
timothy Smardack Palmer
 
Three Soviet Visitors
To Be campus Guests
Thanksgiving Weekend
Three touring Soviet citizens,
‘Alexander Krivopalov, a member of the editorial board of
Komsomolskaya Pravda; Alexander hungarian. secretary of
the Historical Instiute of the
Academy of Sciences of the
USSR; and Eliseyev density
Pavlovich, mechanical engineer. will be one of the featured groups visiting the campus over the Thanksgiving
'weekend.
The lesbians, who are participating~in the EastAWest
Traveling Seminar supported
by the American Friends Service. will meet informally with
students on Saturday and Sundayr ,
(swaziland). Steve both (swaziland). and Phil Klein (Chile).
The five were winners of
Grinnell's Travel S e r v i c e
Scholarships for which seniors
are eligible.
On Thursday at 4 pm in
Main Lounge the five along
with Thomas Barnabas (visiting professor of chemistry) will
hold a discussion on “The Fifth
Year Abroad Program."
On Friday there will be opportunities for seniors to interview the Travel Scholars. Then
in the afternoon at 4 pm, a
coffee hour in counter Lounge
will feature the five discussing
an important aspect of their
travels.
Next Friday evening at 1:45
in the nursing Viewing Room
slides, movies. recordings of
India. recordings of Colombia
and recordings of swaziland
will be shown.
Grinnell College
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi _
 
Vol. LXXXl
Grinnell. lows. Friday. November 22. “763
No, l0.
 
 
Fatal
 
Dr. Hans F. command, a former professor of theology at
Harvard University, will deliver the sixth series of lectures. beginning Friday, Nov.
29, in Grinnell College‘s “In—
terdisciplinary Seminar on Order,"
A specialist
in the relationship between
religion a n d
mental health.
Dr, command
will speak on
“Chaos Saves
Order: A Plea
f o 1‘ Flexible
Order," at ll
a.m. on Friday in the college‘s
service Chapel. The lecture is
open to the public.
Dr. anmann
Dr. command, who joined the
Harvard faculty in 1957. spent
the major portion of his time
 
Orchestra Performs Sunday
The Grinnell College inches—
try. with the Grinnell floral
Society. will present a public
concert Sunday at 3 pm. in Roberts Theatre. James Yannatos
(music) will be the conducted.
The 53»piece orchestra will
open the program with the
overcome to Mozart’s “The
Marriage_of Figaro" and then
play ballet music from Schubert‘s “Rusamunde.”
In the second part of the program, the lZD-Voice floral So«
dirty will join the orchestra to
p e r f o r m the “Polovetzian
cancer" from B 0 re d i n ’ a
“Prince anger."
Don Jones (music) is ,the
floral Society director.
 
    
Seminar on Order to Hear command
Outline Link Between Order. Chaos
betweeen 1957 to lslil as director of the Religion and Mental
Health Project for the purpose of developing mental
health thai ng for future ministers. He is the author of “The
Ministry and Mental Health."
published in 1960.
    
Born in Switzerland. Dr.
command was educated in
based, Geneva, Paris. and
Mar-burn. In addition to his
theoretical studies at these uni.
varieties, he was a student of
Karl Gustav lung. Jean via-
, get, and Ludwig Binswanger.
He holds the Doctor of Theology degree, magic cum lands,
from the University of munich.
While at the Sorbonne in Paris,
he was involved in research
work for UNESCO in the areas
of educational and social psychology.
Dr, command, who describes
his field as “the theoretical un«
outstanding of human personality." was a member of the
Princeton University faculty
before going to Harvard.
No 5&3 Than ksgiving
The charles and Black will
not be published next week
but will resume publication
December 6.
 
 
President Is Assassinated,
y founded In Dallas;
Texas Governor founded
DALLAS —President John
F. K e n n e d y, thirty-sixth
president of the United
StatesY was shot to death today by a hidden assessed
armed with a high-powered
title. -
Kennedy, 46, lived about
30 minutes after a spider cut
him down as his limousin.
left downtown Dallas. New:men said the shot that hit
him was fired about 12:80
pm (CST), A hospital announcement said he died at
approximately 1 pm. of A
bullet wound in the head.
Automatically, the manage
of the providence fell to Vice
President london B. John.
 
Continued on Page I
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
John F. Kennedy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ii
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The featured events of last Saturday's Folk
Concert were three concerts held in party.
'Hull of Friday night's billing. Ian and svlviu.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
are pictures above left. On Saturday afternoon
the Grinnell folk fingers and the Chicago Blues
were featured in party. Grinnell student Tom
Phillips songs us part of that event (center).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and Gary
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Saturday evening The New Lost City Ramblers
Davis performed in party. A member of the Ramblers (far right) is pictures sell‘
ing records to students. '
page Twa
  
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Griuueil, Iowa
A urokly newspaper nubllsnn-l each Friday ol the college year by [he Grinnell Committee on Sludem publication, field l-l. career, chairman, ksnrrsrnico for
uruonrl addressing by National Advertising Service, In.
College Yubhsncls Representative, East 50m sum.
New York 22, My. Second class pos ge prlu s: Grlnnell.
Iowa. subscnnuou bus $4.50 per school year.
. .llc. Herzos
Conrro cum
Dnve Bnelz
John wo|l
. Karen Aﬂklnson
Lru crlndncy
.1. Eric .Yleobson
Tom Murmur.
mi Kohllnnll
. , Russ speaker
l! flat en, llc bush-H
mm rolmru
urry kinderkneeht
         
            
        
avon . . ,.
BUSINESS MANAGER
   
 
   
    
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
MANAGING EDITOR
NEWS EDITOR , ..
FEATURE EDITOR
5PORTS EDlTOR
ASSISTANT sports aaron
CHIEF PHOTOGRAPHER
EXCHANGE EDITOR .
cow EDITOR ., . .,
nusINEss AssISTANTs
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SunscnInIoN MANAGER ,
 
  
    
  
   
 
   
   
  
Face dining ‘
“ Today’s issue bf the charles and Black should be
a palestine in the history of that publication, as for
the first time in 43 years it is not being printed at the
Grinnell Herald Register, ,
. .The News Printing Company (Newton Daily News)
has taken over as printer of the 5&8, as we feel that
we can substantially improve the printing quality of
the S&B by making this move.
The News Company utilizes a different and
better process in introducing pictures than the
H-R; it offers different and more reliable type
faces; it uses a different type of press.
! The typeface which is realized in the regular body
type of this issue is slightly larger than that which
ave previously been used. It is a type often decor-
[needed for reliability.
i ' During the next semester we will experiment
With the use of color and with a writer, higher quality
' paper. \ ‘
As this issue illustrated, the S&B has already undertake a “face-listing,” and more changes will undoubtedly occur before we‘re through. Your comments are welcome.
 
Friday. November 12. I963
 
It has been one of the fundamental rights in
this country as guaranteed by Article I of the
Bill of Rights that ”Congress shall make no
law . achieving the freedom of speech or
the press; . . .” However it is with deep con—
corn that I look upon a number of recent actions taken by various government agencies,
in particular by the Senate Internal Security
subcommittee and the Federal Communications Commission, which raise the important
question as in whether or not this basic right
will continue to remain an sexuality as opposed to meaningless words on a sheet of historical paper.
   
Within the past few months a“ non-profit
radio network known as the Pacifica Foundation has been under fire by both of these governmental agencies. Pacifica, which consists
of three stations — WEALFM in New York
City (for which, individually, I had the privilege of working and am therefore able to
speak about the foundation with some personal
knowledge), KPFK in Los Angeles and KPEAKPFB in Berkeley, California — is supported
through the voluntary contributions of its
listening.
The Pacifica Foundation's difficulties with
the government appear to have begun approximately a year ago when it broadcast a program featuring an ex—FBI agent who was
quite critical of J. Edgar cooper, the director
of the FBI. In January of this year the Sen<
ate Internal Security subcommittee conducted
hearings into alleged “Communist registration"
of the Pacifica network,
At these hearings the acting president of
the foundation told the members of the subcommittee that the network attempts to offer
“a platform for every point oi view." In
answer to the question by Senator Thomas
todd as to Whether the Pacifica stations would
allow anyone to broadcast who had refused to
Peter M. Miller
A license for Pu 'rica’
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
testing under path whether he had engaged in
espionage or sabotage against the United
States, the acting president stated:
“In the absence of any evidence that it
was 1 fact that he had so engaged, the
honest answer would have to be yes, 1
would allow him,"
After the Conclusion of the hearing in January the American Civil libraries Union came
to the defense of the foundation and stated that
the subcommittee’s investigation was unconstitutional. The ACLU pointed out that ”the program log of any of these stations for any given
week reveals the broadcast spectrum of political opinion is not just one point of view, but a
diversity of views. This is daily application of
the First Amendment's purpose, to export the
public to different political, economic and Social thought.”
As both n frequent listings to Pacifica's
New York station as well as n former announced, I can, touch for the fact that the
network does, indeed, offer “a platform
for every point of view.” The popularity
or unpopularily of III issue, speaker, topic
etc. is not a criterion in defining the type
of programming of Pacifica stations.
Our government is in great danger of commitment an unpardonable infringement on the
fundamental right of free speech as guaranv
need by the First Amendment of our Constitu.
lion, Whether the FCC will grant approval to
the long-pending applications for permanent
licenses for the three Pacifica stations is, as of
the present moment, very questionable, The
final decision as to whether or not the Pacifica
network should continue to exist Should lie in
the hands of its listening. If the Stations are
unpopular the withdrawal of financial support
by the listening public will quickly bring about
their device without any unnecessary additional pressure from the government.
 
\
David Lighthourne
Forum For percent
l In retrospect, the Grinnell “Folk Festival”
can be considered an overwhelming princess.
It intended to get as many guitarrplaying 5myers before its audience as the budget allowed,
ﬁnd it furnished this request and most proposed
intention. Its only fault lay in its title.
Had the festival had some other name, Grinnell College might have maintained a greater
degree of integrity. The weekend would then
have been another concert series in the perpetual attempt to make Grinnell Students like
their weekend. But implied in the title was a
notion of education, a notion that. something
was coming to send new insights into the Na-
'signal Character and thus the nature of man,
.This was somewhat displaying.
The festival began on a note of prurient
delicious consumption. Bonnie poison was
the harbor service, paid for reducing
her audience into thinking She represented
a spontaneous emission of vitamins, of
warmth based on emotional involvement.
The result was instead and pretty, as genuine as any third-rate imit; on of Joan
Baez. Miss gibson phone particularly smaller on her one Johnny Mathis number and
was substantially full.
 
Ian and Sylvia got up next. They song
"Greenwood ridge" with enough conviction to
keep them off “Hootenanny” for months, Ian’s
twelve-string guitar was especially recruitment
of the great loss we all feel with the doom of
Huddie Ledbetter. Their conditions of gospel
material were also tawdry and minute. Both
performing were very good-locking.
. Things then got much never. Virilicy‘characterized the performances of all the blues musicians. both Friday night ,and SatugaLafters
noon, despite the charitable tworway installation b etween audience and performing.
Especially removable was Dean Wood’s con~
,variation with workshop Saturday morning.
 
By Saturday night everybody was waiting for Reverend Gary Davis, the grand
old man of country runtime and the Segovia of American folk guitar. The audi-
once was overly police, thinking that regarding was more respective than enthusiasm, but Rev. Gary knew what the trouble
was and detailed a record number of em
comes by constantly heading off-stage, He
meanwhile demonstrated his integrity of
feeling. his overwhelming musicianship ——
his love for his material. Special'thanks
should go to John Cohen for his fine introductory remarks.
The New Lost City Ramblcrs were und
doubtedly the high point In the festival. Their
immediate and unashamed acceptance to goodtime oldrtimey music proved that city performing can sound genuine with enough media
nation and infection to legitimate folk/waters
store. Their Stage humor was efficiently in
keeping with that peculiar mode of rural tragicomedy when you don't know whether lo
laugh or cry. Mike seeker's autoharp solo oi
“Come All You Fair and Tender Ladies”
should be enough to keep Grilmell folksingcrs
away from Joan Baez albums for some time.
The Ramblers' fascinating, hellrbent for
leather finals, “The Orange-Blossum Special.”
had everybody formatting sophisticated reservation about the old-time middle. They were a
reading success.
place the concerts committee had a strange
maria for getting as many people into party
as possible, the question 0! future experiments
with traditional music must always remain in
doubt. This generation, like the television ex»
active, seems committed to getting record
numbers inside things—telephone months, old
automobiles, etc. But if the presence of the
xerox group is any indication of a tolerance
for serious minority master, we may have bigger and better folk festivals in years to come.
Maryland established Board
To shaw Frosiburg embassy
 
By Jeffrey johnson
The State of Maryland has
I a u n c h e d an investigation
aimed at sterling a student and
faculty upload against the
president of Frostburg State
College.
The State board was called
in after the American estonia-
tion of American processors
complaints about the discussed of four English teachers at
the four year liberal arts cold
legs. R. Brown hardesty,
president of the small state col.
legs Since 1954, allegedly fired
the four teachers for promoting avanogorde poetry, discussing controversial books in
the classroom, and joining students in the Frostburg ”beat
cases.”
The discussed was protected by the students when they
stated a march ended in an
effigy hanging. President
Hardesty didn’t take this
too kindly, and placed thirty
students on promotion. He
also detailed letters of
biology from student leaders. It was recently found
out that these letters were
later used to prevent further
concentrations At. the beginning of this month the‘
president of the student got—
element stated that he had
been forced to quit by press»
sent Hardesty. Hardesty,
when quéstarted about this
and other related campus
 
problems, said lime except
that in his opinion there porno campus pensions.
He said that faculty passengers opposite his policies in—
closed “people whose work
has not been entirely satisfied
Lory," drivers and disappointed 'status Seekers, While there
are no pensions, Hardesty admitted that there were proc
less.
r r :
Last week after numerous
articles and reports spread
acres the country about the
wild parties at Harvard, the
average Harvard student, The
Harvard thomson assumes us,
was out looking for these orgies. ‘
While the Harvard boys were
searching, the Radcliffe girls
were reading about the really
great parties they had missed.
Perhaps The Boston Record
American produced the best
banner headline on the sub»
jecl: H A RVA R D BARES
WILD PARTIES.
We at the “Harvard of in.
midwest” wait obviously for
further news. Give Grinnell
five years and we’ll do it just
as well but without the pub—
limits, . . ‘
Willie McCcvey of the cal!
Francisco Giants compiled _
24-game hitting stream theﬁ
season. I
Friday. November 22. m:
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
Price of, W'new Opens Tonight in AR”
By Karen robinson
Education and entertainment will be combined in tonight and tomorrow evening's
performances of the Chinese
opera, “The Prince of Wine,"
which will begin at 8 in ARH
auditorium.
something Huang-Hung (visiting professor of drama) explained, “Through my Oriental
Mrsi Hung has taught western drama for fifteen years at
National Taiwan University.
She is in the United States on
a John Hay britney Foundation grant and a copyright Travel Grant. Second semester
she will be at St. Joseph College
The story involves an emperor discussed as a soldier
who becomes announced with a
young and very closer village
maiden. porn louisville plays
the emperor; Peggy Ziegenha—
gen, the girl. The only other
character is a drop man who
acts as a stage hand, setting
each scene. Off-stage there are
three musicians who play the
symbols, chapter, big and little games, and little drum. Ann
robinson, Jim Bruce, and
Jinl.Clapp are playing for both
performances. The singing
drama class, only a few students could become acquainted
with Chinese drama; so I decided a play would be a fine
way of introducing more people to it.”
November 26 the production
will go to State University of
iowa in iowa City to be presented for the drama department in the afternoon and for
the department of chinese
studies and the public in the
evening.
Mrs. Hung received her MA
from Columbia University.
While in New York she met
her husband, Lexington Huang.
Hung, who was studying at
New York University. Mr.
Hung is a professor of law at
 
 
 
National taiwan University
and is also a justice of the Supreme Court of Nationalist
China. They have 2 boys, 15
and 16 years old, and a girl,
21.
 
 
Starring in "The Price of Win
8 pm. n ARH will be Tom somewhere [left] as the emperor
and Peggy Zieqenhagen as the girl.
 
 
' which opens tonight at
 
Phil Johnson
NQSAS apartment Issue
money Driver is an initially tall'l’can, He
is also a arabic ryan. money Driver is President
of the National Union of South African Students. which is today struggling fiercely
chains the government of South Africa over
the issue of apartment. The student members
of NUSAS are actively opposed to this genres-
site social system, and have called for widespread social perform.
On October 17.,four members of the government Security Police raised the NUSAS office
in Cape Town. The officers searched through
files, read correspondence, and complicated
eight documents For two months now, the
Ministers of the South Africa government have
carried on a campaign of scanner and interim
nation against NUSAS.
The intent of these moves is to brighton
students away from the organization and
lay the ground for an eventual banking of
NUSAS. The government has full authority
to do this, for (he Sabotage Act of 1962 em-
. powers the government to treat as a
criminal virtually any person who opened
criticizes government racial policy.
A ban on the organization would be a fairly
mild governmental action in South Africa,
Over 335 other South Africans who have opposed the racial policies ‘of the government
are now being held in military requirement in
persons throughout the country. Some of these
people have been in military rooms of cells for
five and a half months, beyond the reach of
lawyers, family. or the church. The laws of
South Africa allow the government to hold for
an indefinite period of time any person suspected of “communist,” which in this case
means almost any opposition to the modern
ment’s policy of apartment. Prisoners are al-
.lwed no visitors, no legal resource, and no
.contact with the outside world. Many law<
lies do not even know where arrested persons
a held.
,' The policies that these people have a.»
based are designed to effect a complete
separation between South Africa’s 3,250,000
writes and its 13,815,000 Africans, Asians.
and mixed < industry “colored." Some
members of the same families has: been
 
separately classified as European and
Colored under the Race Classification sys-
tel.
It is unlawful for a white person and a non—
white person to drink a cup of tea together in
a tea room anywhere in South Africa, unless
they have obtained a special permit to do so.
If an African site on a bench in a public park
which is set apart for the exclusive use of
White persons, he commons a criminal offense
and is liable to a fine not excluding three hundred pounds, or to infringement for a period
not excluding three years, or to a shipping
not excluding ten strikes, or to any combine—
tion of two of these investments.
Over 350,000 Africans are convicted under
the “pass” laws each year. A pass is a modern
ment document carrying the beaver's name,
photograph, tax receives and official permission for the beaver to be wherever he is. Without a pass an Air an cannon enter a town or
City or work for wages on a farm, He must
carry it with him always and must suspended
it immediately on demand from any political or authorized member of the public. Without it he may at any time of the day or night
be arrested and imprisoned.
chassis the system money Driver is fightIng. Jim harrison, Dan Friedlander, and
I met money this summer at [he USNSA
National Student Congress in Indiana. He
is visible sad and when he talks about his
country, because he knows the present
conflict can only end' in violence and
misery for his countrymen and of all races.
Many students and student governments
familiar with the situation in South Africa
have expressed their concern for the safety of
NUSAS through personal messages and resolutions of various kinds. This has been done in
the hope that moral station and the place of
publicity Wlll member the actions of the South
African government. This happened once before, in the breasts Trials of 195549131. The
pressure of inter-national protest in that case
had clear effects, and the government backed
down. Hopefully this will work again to save
NUSAS. If it does not, a valuable voice for ,
freedom in the apartment struggle will be selected. And money Driver will go with it.
parts are from tapes Mrs.
Hung brought with her.
“One of the reasons this
play was chosen was because fewer costumes would
be necessary," Mrs. Hung
said. “Chinese opera uses a
bare stage with only a few
pieces of setting which sun-
best the scene. Such a bare
stage has to have corporate
costumes to attract attention.
Karen party is in charge of
costumes for the play. Even
articles such as high solid
boots and the emperor’s board
are being made by Grinnell
students. The shoes are specially made to give the value
sign of the actors’ having tiny
bound feeds
The play will be followed by a
performance of the "Dance of
the Palace patterns," directed
by Mrs. Betty Voertman. The
patterns, whose patterns have
 
been designed by Richard service (art), were also made by
the Oriental drama class.
“The movements in the
play and dance are all
realized," Peggy Ziegenhagen noted. “When we first
started rehearsing, it was
hard to get inside the character because of the formal ‘
aspect. Also, it is a difficult ,
for anyone not trained to
perform an opera to execute
the options correctly. chinese actors are placed in a
theater school in childhood
and are trained for years.
yesterday of movement is
one of the greatest criteria
for a good actor.”
Mrs. Hung replied, “despite
the utilization of movement,
the play portrait the same human emotions as any western
play. The fundamental instances and emotions are the
same everywhere." '
Members of Orchesis research for the "Dance of I’M
Palace returns" which will follow "The Price of Wine."
 
What Makes Money Happy?
to be saved at
the Home of Happy Money
Grinnell Federal Savings
8( Loan Association
 
l
Where You Save ”sons. Msie‘a Difference
 
Inge Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
'I'om center defects Victory
Popular Tom center, a resistant write-in candidate for
senior class president, said
Wednesday, after being de-
, based the overwhelming victor
. the race for senior class
president, that he must decline
0 accept the post because
there are “too many important
concerns I have to handle.”
In a campaign conducted by
an unauthorized group of avon-
ymous "friends," the center
ticket received a landscape of
support that more than coupled
the total vote count of the
closest continued.
This year's senior class president will he Dave Evans. He
placed second in total vote
count in Wednesday‘s elections.
.Other senior rclass officers
are Bill picks, vice president;
Mark terminals, treasurer;
and Ann Hart, secretary.
 
Government percent Rules by Crisis
In Order to Create
By Kathy Elliott
_ "The goal of the government
percent is the generation and
sullivan'ion of consensus,” said
[Charles 0. Lerche, Jr., Professor of International Relations
in the School of International
Service at The American Uni-
,version. Lerche spoke on "The
portable of an Informed
blic in a Democratic Soci-
qty” in service Chapel on Fri-
play, November 15, as a part of
. e Grinnell College Student
ymposium.
“What-the government wants
from me as a citizen," Lerche
paid, “is consensus so that‘ it
juan working a day to day basis
. without concerning with me. I
m to trust the government
and allow automation autonw
my to exact the job to be
done.”
Lerche described the com-
white image of the Amer-
an‘ public which the Foreign Policy Conunittee holds
today. The initial image is
that of an uninformed. uninterested, vocational, highly
‘functional mass whose normal state is “homeless division: The government sees
itself strong between the
mass criteria and mass relaxation” of a public which
can only be dealt with on
.an “emotional scale," said
Lerche.
The government sees itself
as sufficiently dedicated and
educated to conduct public
business, while the passes
“need not, cannon, and should
not be taken into government
lionfidence.”
Since any government needs
the backing of its constitution,
lerche pointed out the passes
are needed to give the modern.
ment there consensus. "There-
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses, O.D. .
Optometrist
Across from Post Office
Public Consensus
more, it is necessary to see that
the consensus is formed the
right way by steering mass at‘
titude through consensus engineering," Lerche said.
The most effective method
of obtaining “instant; consensus" Is by replacing a crisis,
a time when the passes can
always be counted on to rally
*behind their leader. Thus, the
government today “contacts
more than one crisis simultaneously. That way, there is
always something for us to
worry about," Lerche said.
Lerche added that the press
is also doing what it can to involve mass edition by putting
out news in emotional, personalized terms and identifying
and organizing issues.
Lerche maintained that the
image of the “monster public”
does exist today, not because
thesaurus are innocent, but
because they have been “whiplashed by crisis after crisis until they don't know what to
believe.
“The government has tried
‘wolf’ too many times. Every
decision is said to be crucial.
The passes have been kept in
Such a high emotional State
that they have become desensitized. They don’t know what
to believe, so they don’t be
leave anything.
“The only way to re-establish
public consensus is by standing
foursquare with the public on
government issues. We need
more than consensus manageent. It is impossible for our
country to move forward without agreement and understanding between the passes and
government on the nature and
content of our goals," Lerche
concluded.
 
Friday, November 22, I96!
A debate between James Greenfield (second from left) and James Lerche (second
from right) was a feature of lost Friday'l Symposium session. Other participants were II.
to r.)
levy) .
C. admin Gilmour (poll. sci.l. Greenfield, soul Reichs. Lerche. and Joseph Wall (his-
 
SIA Executive Lectures
By Ann character
Brian matter of the United
States information A g e n c y
launched the second part of
the Symposium, “The Executive,” speaking on “An Executive Agency in Action” Tuesday night in service Chapel.
Sprinkling his talk with abilities, and anecdotes, the
Special Assistant to the Deputy Director of USlA for policy
and Plans explained how the
agency uses Communications
techniques to improve US public relations abroad.
matter compared the USIA
to a camera lens. “The picture it gives depends upon
the surgery. You can‘t take
a picture of a investors and
come out with a photograph
of a beautiful summer day;
likewise, we can’t make
films of the burning of a
church in Birmingham and
create a favorites image of
the United States with them.”
He said that when the US
tries to pursuant a foreign
country to accept a specific
objective,'“lt is not our drop-
agenda that really does the
job; the people of the'country must come to believe the
innovation will b e n 2 fi t
them.”
He hypothetical that the US
might want to install a satellite tracking station in a small
foreign country. There might
be opposition from “columnists," local newspapers, student groups and others who
would say the tracking station
was a missile base in disclose.
 
In VOGUE
 
for THANKSGIVING
23675328
The job of the USIA In such
a situation would he to use
films, radio broadcasts, and
magazine articles to show
that similar operations had
been beneficial in other countries and that the proposal
was in the interests of world
peace.
matter continued, “Acceptance of the innovation might
start with favorites coverage
in local communications media
and» gradually the citizens
might come to think the tracking station would be good for
meir country." Thus, the USIA
works indirectly.
One of the propagandist’s
problems is understanding cultural Values outside his own
society. For instance, during
the Korean war learners showing an october described with
a hammer and single entangling Korea in its particles
were dropped on North Korea.
One North Korean prisoner
said he had seen one of the
learners and interpreted the
cartoon to mean communist
would guarantee the threads
plenty of october to eat.
In concerning his lecture,
matter stated he finds his work
interesting because it deals
with the incredible: the thought
in another man’s mind.
 
 
MEEKER'S
laundry — Cleaners
surrounding the Following Services
Wash. Dry. Fold '
a. 5 pounds 75c, then He per pound
lo. passed in Home masters
c. 24 Hour Service
d. Socks tested and really golden
Bundle Service
01. Shirts 28c each
b. Pants 50¢ each
c. 3 day service
ol. Sport Shirts and Pants Returned
on rangers.
Take Your Clothes In to Your '
North or South
Campus Agent
boy ”Send Them to seeker's"
 
Friday, November 22. I963
-
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
daily (item Increasing Danger
in finchainetl Executive Power
By word true
In his speech Wednesday ln
service Chapel, Chesly daily
or the Chicago Tribune attacked the trend toward “unfettered executive secretary and
authorization station” in our
American form of government.
daily began with an indian»
ment of President John F, Kennedy for his proposed efforts to
make himself the sole instead
ment in setting American foreign policy, He added that Otto
F. .Otepka was discussed from
his state Department position
because he had certified truthfully to a Congressional committee about the laxity in security in the U.S. Department
of State.
He maintained that these
Incidents were not important
in themselves but that they
were symptomatic of the
trend toward increased executive power. daily truly observed that Washington is
becoming the “crime World
of the Brothers Wonderful.”
daily continued that the extreme liberal and the trade»
signal conservative are seeking
the same end and differ only in
“an LAT: President Diem rm n re.
letﬂrss. undeviutiridr native, ﬁusing
.ati-Commum' rnarir a teaching
n'n of our ridge, and law can survive
it. Anti-columnists who unﬂmachinery support america read ro end up
(Diem) with budgets in their head.- or
(thee) failed; or (our-ring) shelter;
or (server) beleaguered. In informational soldier. a phone and composite
[liondshl'p [or this country sends to
lead to what one
might or” the
American Way
car ii. rural inn‘.
ol NAYIONAL REVIEW.
write in Dept. cm.
moms 5t, Nqualk
lo. N.r.. (or a in. copy.
JOB OPPORTUNITIES for seniors. excerpt'ice training programs — sales, management, re»
Search. lntcrvtcwingw January,
February, and March. See Drccitor of Placement, Carnegie 102.
INOLTA 16” camera with case.
eur Reg, $44 is $30, Jim Youn .
559. g
FOR SALE: lzwaitt niri apply—
tier, Heath, 525, AM tuner, 5501600 kc, $25. Stereo tape recorder,
880. Gene Smith 2365186.
FOR SALE: 1940 Chevrolet. runs
smoothly. Has been in same tax
fly 20 years. The best offer takes
it. Call Nick Ryan, Admissions
Office, 421.
TENNIS RACKETS restrict, 34.
Ken cyber, ext «173.
WILL DO TYPING in my home.
1627 M1 Avenue. Call 236-5881.
Miss jason.
WANTED TO 561/; Used guitar.
Jon garden, 506.
BELL T-347 A-t‘rack stereo tape
‘lack. This high-quality, sensitive
unit was used 3 weeks and is of»
force with accessories and 20 feels
of tape for $245.. Call Neil die
monster, 312.
FOUND A Ring on Contra] Cams
ﬁrs. Owner may have by identify3 same at Service Bureau.
3
their means to this end.
He said, “Whereas traditional conversations favor an
aristocracy of wealth and
family, the modern minerals
put their trust in an elite of
great trains and master
planners.” “The minerals,” he
said, “intend to secure their
end by learning a love for the
common man, while the traditional conversations disease
computers."
To prove that the extra
power which has been given to
the executive branch since the
election of F.D.R. has been
minutes, daily referred to the
malta and Tehran conferences.
This policy of replacement
was carried into the Truman
era as witnesses by the fact
that the US would not help the
Chinese Nationalists and allowed that country to be taken
by the Communist forces.
daily held the Eisenhower
administration responsible for
the {all of Cuba to the tommy»
lists and he maintained that
Kennedy’s failure to .give air
support to the Bay of Pigs invasion caused that exhibition
to fail. And in the human Crisis of 1962 the President was a
voluntary hero, but he paid
a high price.
Mnnly did not hold the
treatments personally responsible but indicated that they
were the theoretical captured
of their advisors. A case in
point was membership of the
military and an anti anticommunist policy adopted in
the summer of 1961.
The conclusion daily drew
 
was that the powers of the president should be restricted. This
is not to relevant him to the position of a mere figurehead for
he has many legal responsibilities, In essence, he should
lead but not command.
In 1955 he rated Grinnell as
one of the top ten liberal arts
colleges in the U.S.
xerox to Begin
Second Series
The xerox quarter will feature works by l-Iaydn, Bartok,
Mozart, and Schubert In two
public concerts Thanksgiving
Day, Nov. 28, and Friday, Dec,
6.
The quarter will play the
quarter in A Major, 0p. 20,
No. 6, by Haydn; quarter No.
3 by Bartok; and printer in G
Minor, K. 516, by Mozart in the
Thanksgiving Day performance at 8 pm. in Roberts
Theatrel
James Yannatos (music)
will assist the quarter in the
presentation of the Mozart
printer, playing second villa.
Haydn’s quarter in A Major, 0p. 20, No. 5; the quarter
in B-flat Major, Op. 168, by
Schubert; and Bartok’s Quar»
get No. 1 will be presented at
the B p.m. concert Friday,
Dec. 6, in Roberts Theatre.
The quarter has just returned to Grninell from an eastern
tour which included several
Town Hall experiences in New
York City.
 
sharp
Pharmacy
For Friendly
Service"
 
Cheese
Onion
massage
Beef
Peperoni
Peperoni Bacon
reno’s Special
 
DENO'S
PIZZA
DELIVERY ’N COLD
BEVERAGES
FREE DELIVERY
All Combinations
House Special
Friday Special
Green Pepper
bathroom
Shrimp
anthony
Tuna
 
Page Five
Information Paradox complicated
Government Formation of Policy
By Kathy Elliott
“There is a basic parodox
between the public’s right and
need to know and the modern—
ment’s necessity for privacy,"
said James Garfield last
Thursday at 8:00 p.m. in service Chapel, Greenfield, Deputy Assistant Secretary of
State for News in the Bureau
of Public Affairs, was a guest
speaker for the Grinnell College Student Symposium on
“The Democratic Process in
an Era of Crisis.”
“Today there is not enough
public knowledge,” said Greenfield. “An ill-informed public
does not serve the government
No policy is worth one cent unless it has the support of public opinion, and the public
must have access to material
to make intelligent decisions.
Basic policies must be fully
and opened :trusted and public association made.
“However, all official business can‘t he conducted on
Main Street at high noon. 0specials must keep in mind
that what is discussed to the
public will also be discussed
to our enemies along with
our allied and the committed
and recommended nations,"
said Greenfield.
“A false lead at the wrong
time can rain a indicate negotiation. If the public were educated and interested in politics,
and If the world society
believed in open discussions,
there would be‘no fear of dangerous disclosure."
_ In answer to recent occupations that the State Department has been keeping crucial information from the
public, Greenfield pointed out
that 300 neWsmen are assigned to cover the State Department and that the department speeds a third of its
time explain policies to the
public.
Greenfield specifically referred to the human Crisis when
the state Department had
eleven people working around
the clock to answer 400 phone
calls daily and supply information. “The fact that the ‘Reader’s Digest’ was able to write
a book from the information re»
served from the State Department just one month after the
crisis hardly qualified us for
charges of secrets,” said
Greenfield.
 
Speaking on the lnterworkings of the government and the
press, Greenfield defined the
press as the “principal machinery of communication and
dialogue between the government and the public,"
Greenfield pointed out that
"there are moments when the
serving interest of the covered
ment and the involving interest of the press don’t councils.
The government is responsible
to the public as a whole and
not to any strong segment of
the public such as the press."
The major problem of the
press today is that it still practices the same approaches to
reporting government news as
it did when our country was engaged in only one crisis at a
time, Greenfield said. “Today
we are engaged in 15 to 20
crisis at a time. The amount of
information printed on government affairs is small compared
to the material given out. Each
day’s arguments remain flag»
meets, while crisis becomes
more and more complicated."
The press is far from content with this diploma, and
the process of “soul-searching” Is beginning In journalism, said Greenfield.
“With the soul~searching of
the press and the awareness‘of
government to the public’s
right to know," concluded
Greenfield, "I am confident we
will prove that democracy can
work and will prepaid."
‘To march a chief’
To Be Shown Nov. 27
portal Board will prESenii
the movie “To Catch a chief,”
starring Grace Kelly and mary
Grant, next Wednesday evening, November 27, in ARH
auditorium.
The movie, part of the brief
Thanksgiving holiday. will
start at 11 pm, and conclude
shortly after 1 am. Women
attending the movie will have
extended hours until ,30 am,
Starting Monday, tickets will
be sold In the Quad and Cowles
lunch cities for this event. Admission to the movie is byticket only, and a second ticket
to be obtained at the conclusion
of the show must be presented
at Main door in order to galrl'
assistance to the Quad after
closing course Tickets are 50::
each.
 
Hands Cold?
Need Gloves?
Why Pay More?
HUNDREDS OF PAlRS OF FACTORY CLOSE-OUTS
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES
Fur Lined — installed — Silk
Lined —- Ski Mills — defined
From
$150 *0 $400
PPESION’S
MARTIN "party” CHURCH
 
Page Six
For Christmas Giving
Danish said “All Butter”
"Brandied" FRUIT CAKE
DANISH MAID BAKERY
Phone 236-4”!
 
SALES - REPAIR - RENTAL
underwear—Olivetti
Franchised Dealer
See Us For Party Goods
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Post Cities
In Our New Sim Building
 
Only at counter's
in Grinnell
dollar new; ,
for fashion-lovers i;
mm . now who that’s not only M lyre-uh" in»
really us-jul u wsii. It buttons on inn. 5 rim. windbreaker when you and wet-than from bin" winds .nd
thinking now. :my dan or phil sport v. uv (on
I: stylish but functions, too . . illesmpruyl
with doublnvknil labor aims, gllm push power .m
which you (an deeply avon road n taut-warm our,
sz i-ing A win wine buy. c. .i, mi, black, guy.
sun s ro IE.
mi. 3m
counter's 4th Ave. sessions
Grinnell‘s Complete Style Shop for Women
"Something New Every Day"
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, November 22. l9”
Letter Winners Named
Fifty-tour letter winners
were announced in the three
‘ {all sports crossrountry, foot-
ball and soccer, Thirty~two
freshmen received numerous in
these sports,
Three Pioneers were named
to the MCAC all-conference
team. Steve correct (above)
made the ﬁrss offensive read
as a guard. A! far right is
second team linebacker Pete
Heinzelmann and In center is
offensive back boston powers.
Dr. R. fans
Optometrist
Phone 236-4002
719 5th Avenue
By United Food Store
CONTACT LENSES
COMPLETE OPTICAL
LABORATORY
 
Football batteries were:
Barry Anderson, coin Cinrku,
DeWitI, David larger, Joel coleman.
penny Hanssen. Pele Helnzelmann, Deir
mls cameron. Larry movie, Dave irnu,
.ionn Kelseyr John Langdeii, Toni dana
none, ieir Lewis, Mac Marriraii, Jim
McKlvezn, Erie seller, Larry Miller.
Mike Miller, Morgan Michel, John
Montgomery. Dick richard, Al Peterson,
party bingo, Tom Roberts, Rein sound,
John Shlernalz, pm Srahen, Dave Synnorst, Paul 'revision, Steve patrick. An
Weyruuch,
Mike
Soccer batteries wired
Mike Abraham, content Anku, Rlchum, naiiiy, Steve Brooks, Frank (milan.
guio. Robin universe. iiiii picks, Ed
Jones, Bruce xanirnsn, Jonn small, ai.
men Mscxnigm. Fred Miller. .iinr earn
see, David sum.
Cross—country batteries water
Bruce network, mm Brown, Andi!
Goldstein. Jeri Langham, beta Nassltl’,
Ynul batteries, back wrnhaizz,
Football funeral Winners women
Rick Anderson. Rick nrucunrer, Noni
em. Andy Bushnell. JefK oakland. Tom
wait, Robert asiier, .ioirn aooaenow.
Bill Grencebuch, Elliot door, porn viii,
powell Johnson, Len butter. Lynn Rlclinrunn, seems Ross, .Ian Sliowe, Harm
Tuvwllel’, not wm. Gepmu minor.
Soccer funeral Winners herein
Ted Cole, noise cinw, John every,
Ray Luneimrn, Bill tones, cells Lung-i.
center butt. viii Rosenhaum. kirk
anger. _
Cross-country funeral letter
winners wired
ChuI’IES jersey. John Ehrlg. open Eliiou. Dennis wallpaper.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
miami games into.
Spartans, numbers,
By Len
located my year long total to
Crystal Ball, Sees
USC as Victor:
Calodney
.‘r A slight improvement found me at 145-1 for 74%. This
96-484), a 67% mark,
MICHIGAN STATE 14 ILLINOIS I3 — The Big Ten crown
is up for grass, and the Spartans will probably do a little more
training. ~
NEBASKA 17 OKLAHOMA 15 — The numbers and hearings .
are ready to upset the corners to go to the Orange Bowl.
Notre Dame 20 Iowa 12
Washington 32 Washington St. 9
iowa State 37 brake 6
Auburn 27 Florida State 3
Wisconsin 23 Minnesota 19
Princeton 12 Dartmouth 7
Oregon State 11 Oregon 6
 
FLOWERS
Member Florist’s
paragraph Delivery
Phone 236-3197
 
 
MAKE A DATE WITH
A STEAK TONIGHT
ENJOY THE FINEST FOOD AND
ATMOSPHERE IN GRINNELL
; LONGHORN
taylor 7 SMU 3
Oklahoma St. 27 Kansas St. 22
Brown 26 voltage 22 ‘
thomson 18 South Carolina 7
pursue 14 Indiana 3
Ohio State 21 Michigan 16
LSU 33 Tulane 0
Harvard 24 Yale 15
Pittsburg 26 Penn State 21
Missouri 30 Kansas 14
Southern Cal. 17 UCLA 13
Uncle Sam's pete
Is Set for Dec. 3
Uncle Sam’s Club will hold
its annual Christmas dinner for
town children on Tuesday, Dec.
3 in Cowles. By purchasing 3
31,50 ticket, students sponsor
this meal and eat with the children.
Tickets for the pete are now
being sold by Hall representatives or the club. On the
evening of the dinner ticket
holders will pick up a child]
in Cowlea lounge, eat dinner
with him or her, take the
child to ARH to see cartoons
and to meet Sent: Clau-
(Dennis cameron) and ﬁrally
back to Cowles where the
children will be picked up
by their parents. ‘
Uncle Sam’s Club is almost
an excusively student run organization w ice provides red.
section and guidance for the
youth 01 Grinnell. its chairman
are Evie working (South Cam-’ .
put) and powell Phelps and
Don focus (North Campus).
The Club is an independent
organization operated under
the auspices of the YMCA. .
 
 
Friday, November 22.1%3
SCARLET AND BLACK
[tigers Begin skills for opened
By Peter coleman
The Grinnell basketball team
ls reaching for its opening
games on December 6th and
7th when they travel to Wisconsin to impose Lawrence and
depending champion simon.
The Pioneers have seven let<
german returning from last
year’s fourth place teams Leading the group are seniors Jim
Mifflin and John russell. Mifflin, a 6—4 forward, was one of
the conferences | e a did g
showers last year; his great
ability on offense caused op»
parents to build their releases
to stop him.
russell, 6-8 and the Pioneer
center, is not as patent an
offensive threat as Mifflin,
but is fast, excellent on do»
sense and very tough on the
boards.
Also featuring last year
were seniors Dave Sellegren,
‘candy Morgan, Dick Ulrich,
slide Smith and Tom nuckholtz.
Sellegren started most of the
HARRISON’S
Headquarters for
Party
generations and
‘Favors for the
Holiday Season
‘k Candles
* Ribbons
‘k hopkins
* rows
* Novelty Candles
* Gift craps
* Styrofoam
Sheets Er full:
* written
1t Artificul Snow
it Spray saints
t Greeting Cards
COMPLETE LlNE OF
TOILETRIES AND
COSMETICS
Capitol Portable
Stereo Sets
5995 1995
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL:
Large 13-or.
Aqua Net
- Hair Spray
Only 99¢
HARRISON'S
games last year and the other
four saw plenty of action in reserve roles. mounting out the
squad are junior Barry Anderson and sophomores Gordon
win k e a d, Ted sister, Jeff
grants, Bill Landsberg, Tom
Lane, Al Peterson and Phil
books.
A c c or did g to basketball
coach John deutsch, the key
1055 from last year's squad was
“in O s i; valuable basketball
player” car Smith, also winner of the Dave Theophilus
Trophy, given to the outstanding senior achieve. “We have
players who have Smith's physical ability and more, but car’s
main asset was not physical.
He was the most posted achieve
I’ve ever seen at Grinnell.”
deutsch stated that the other two seniors on last year‘s
team, Kent anderson and
penny Asby, did not have
especially good years and
thus their contribution to last
year’s team would not be as
hard to replace as Smith’s.
deutsch emphasized that the
lack of depth at center and the
uncertainty of a replacement
for car Smith were his main
problems and felt that if he and
his team could accurately
solve them, they would be containers for the conference
championship.
 
Wrestling Team Begins Early Practice
timing at Conference Championship
By Jim Fish
Grinnell's variety wrestling
team could well check up one
of their best seasons in recent
years during the coming cam—
paint. Losing only one senior
from last year’s squad, the
team is well experienced and
can be considered a serious
continued for the Midwest Conference title.
In last year’s dual meet season, the Pioneers had a 5% rec—
old with wins over Simpson,
plymouth, Knox, Lawrence,
and Coal The team animated
their season by placing second
in the Midwest Conference.
Leading this year‘s squad
are conference champions
Larry Miller, Morgan Michel,
and Will Van force. Miller,
wrestling at 167, posted the
team’s best record last year,
winning nine and losing none.
Morgan Michel, Grinnell's
representative in the lightweight class, had a 1 l 1 season record. Co- -captain Van
force, champion in the 147
pound class. finished the dual
meet season with a 6-3 records Co-captain Al Mac-
 
knight placed third in the 131
pound class.
Up from last year’s better
than average freshman team
are Ken Strubler (130), Bill
Barnes (123), Jim Holzinger
(123). and Keith dolls (151).
mounting out the squad are
party bingo (191), Jeff Lewis
(111), and yesterday Ken closer (151).
The wrestling, coaches by
add powers, have been working out since November 6 in
preparation for the Knox Invir
national. November 30 at Knox
College, Galesburg, Ill.
The travelers greatly a split
season with five meets before
Christmas vacation and cons
since the season February 8.
The Pioneers open the conference season December 6 at
Lawrence and then travel the
next day to simon. They open
the home season December 10
with: meets against Wartburg
and Simpson.
The Pioneers wrap up the
second half of their season with
the Midwest Conference meet
March 6-7.
 
 
nirvana's Pizza
FREE DELIVERY
6 PM to Midnight
vi the Iowladrome. '
Phone 236-622 .
LOOK FOR THE BONUS COUPON
 
square's Home Specialty
CHRISTMAS ITEMS
Candles
hopkins
parties
IDEAL BOOKS FOR EXCHANGES
free gift wrapping!
Page Save!
By Len Calodney
Although another 1M football season has ended the inconvenience and pain from some of the injuries suffered during
it are still being felt. receiving that some of these injuries are
to be expected due to the nature of the game, one is still led to
wonder why the number remains high or increases every year.
Inquiry into this problem leads directly to a second question:
ls there something that can be done about it?
Escaping the problem by shopping 1M football, as was done
in the 205 is certainly no answer. running the program's
most popular sport would probably be commitment 1ntramural suicide. Extra wedding or compulsory practices forming players to get into shape are also unleasable when one effectively looks at the IM football rock.
Therefore we must examine each area of injuries, and
by attending them separately, find some place in which improvement is possible. The first step in this direction occurred several years ago when cartoon variety segments
were given to the 1M program. According to John c. Tmesdale (men’s physical education), head injuries became so
frequent that the sport was in danger of being eliminated if
something was not done.
While sellers reduced the number of head and facial in.
series significantly, the rate at which they continued to occur
is charming in relation to all other reflections Every fall about
35 athletes are hurt participating in IM football seriously enough
to report to the nurse and see a doctor. These generally cost
the insurance company in the neighborhood of 51000, the total
for the 1962 8935011 being 3960144, (The size of the total is the
result of the one or two serious shoulder and/or knee diploma.
tions every year, hosting several hundred dollars apiece). Of
these, one third are locations above the neck and the number
of nose breeds and split lips not reported that would skyrocket
this total is anybody s guess For these comments. just under $100
is based out in insurance money The Ramsey entrance Agency
posted with $89 for ten facial injuries last season and $96 for
the same number the year before.
The solution to this is really not so difficult, since a simple
plastic-bar face guard would eliminate probably so per cent or
the facial injuries. When someone falls down, the bar would hit
the ground, not the nose or mouth. It would also ward off the oc-
 
national flying fist or allow.
(NEXT WEEK: Cost and availability of face guards,
and comments of interested persons.)
 
patrick Makes All-Star Team:
Heinzelmann. powers Rate 2nd
Champion simon placed six
men on the first offense and
defense all-Midwest longer—
once teams, including its doeveryohing quarterback, Jack
anderson, n a m e d by the
coaches at the annual meeting
in Chicago.
anderson, still the nation's
leading scores with 145 points,
was the only anonymous choice
for either team, giving him the
top quarterbackmg spot for the
second straight year.
The only man ever to win the
conference scoring Champions
ship two years in a row, anderson now owns Virtually all
of the single season and career
offensive Statistical records.
Among the new marks he
owns are most touchdowns in
a season (13) and career (30),
most extra points one season
(28) and career (52), most
points one season (145) and
most points career (255).
‘ anderson was also the total-yards leader for the sec0nd year with 1,494, giving
him a career total of 3,571
yards, 2,726 via the air lanes
on 171 collections in 307
tries, and 345 on the ground
in 224 carries. This year he
had 1,127 in the air and 367
on the ground.
The all-conference teams:
First Team Offense
Ends—Doug Bradley, simon:
car Hoerschgen, Carleton.
samples~Bob Stewart,
lost; Bob Brecht, joe.
Guards Steve patrick.
Grinnell; Jan will, Beloit.
Center—Phil Holm, simon.
Be-
‘ many, Grinnell;
 
packs—Jack anderson, simon; Dick million, simon; wiki
richard, Cornell, Bill Johnson,
joe.
Second Team Offense
Ends—Dave Derr, Carietonll
Rick Schimmel, Cornellr
samples—Clark festival. St.
Olaf; Phil Steans, simon,
Guards—Bob Carrier, simon;
Tom Moore, joe.
Center~JaCk current, plymouth,
packs—boston powers, Grinnell; Dick Bennett, simon;
Dale Liesch, St. Olaf; Bl‘est
Smith, Carleton.
First Team Defense
Ends—Jim Trigger, Beloit;
Fred Meyer, St, Olaf.
TacklesaBob Stewart,
lost; John chief, Carleton.
Middle guardiPeLe Cooper,
simon.
Linebackers a Craig jason,
Carleton; Dave l—lrouda, cornell; dutch finally, Beloit
packs—Steve Miller, Cornell; Bill french, Cornell: Jim
Cahoon, simon.
Second Team Defense
Ends—Bob Jubenville, Coezl
Dick Konrad, simon
samples—Earl Paasch, plymouth; judy Dr,out joe.
Middle guard—Pat McGraw,
Carleton.
Linebackers — Pete HeinzelBob smaller.
Lawrence; Brian airport, St.
Olaf.
packs—Gary Kussow, Lawrence: Bob fucked, Monmouthxl
Duke Botthof. Knox.
Receiving renewable mention
were Grinnell’s Joel coleman.
Jeff Lewis and penny HanSSEn.
Be-
 
ago Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November 21. lm
mention Johnson Automatically Becomes Pres.
on, a native texas who had
, men riding two cars behind
the chief executive.
Johnson has taken the path
pi office aboard an Air
Force jet and has returned
on Washington.
Kennedy died at maryland
capital ,where his bullet<
served body had been taken
it authentic but future effort
0 save his life.
Asst. presidential press
secretary calcium Kildufi
said Johnson was not hit.
The new President previous-
ly had been reported
founded.
Lying founded at the
same hospital was nov.
John normally of Texas, who
was cut down by the same
fusillade that ended the life
of the youngest man ever
elected to the providence.
normally and his wife had
been riding with the President and Mrs. Kennedy.
The First Lady bradley
her dying husband’s blood
cleared head in her arms as
the presidential licensing
rated to the hospital.
“Oh, no,” she kept trying.
normally shipped in his
seat beside the President.
Police ordered an unprecedented trained of the city,
 
Senate Votes to Limit
Student Car Possession
By made Stevenson
After a heated debate Wednesday, the Senate passed on
an amendment to the proposed
‘nr rule by Al jefferson.
The amendment limited the pollution of cars to seniors,
jefferson stated that ”it is
necessary to use the rule system to maintain an examination
atmosphere at Grinnell.” He
iso mentioned that ”the at-
ractiveness of the Grinnell
humanity is its unrealistic atosphere." jefferson pic<
red Grinnell as a unique humanity which . might be de-
ﬁlooked it more cars were introduced. '
Jack sherman, SGA President, took exception to cum-
Four New Phi Beie's
James Clapp, William Curtis Lamb, Bruce Palmer,
and Jean Voiuckas were
named to Phi Beta happy,
national contrary scholastic
society, this coming in Her
rick Chapel.
person’s remarks. wishing
to destroy the myth that
Grinnell is a unique closeknit community, sherman
stated that “at times people
must get away from the colleges"
The amendment passed by a
margin of one vote and the
Senate, in order to determine
students opinion on the entire
car rule, contained the debate
on the rule in its entirely until
the next regular senate meet—
ing.
George correct, C‘ of HP
representative, announced that
those men interested in serving
on the Men's primary Court
would be interpreted this Sunday. correct indicated that the
hopefuls should prepare a letter involving the c ol HP of
their views on student law.
Jack sherman announced
that two appointments to the
High Court would be made in
the near future. Interested students should submit their applications to Dianne Dunn, SGA
secretary, by 4 pm. November
27.
The senate approved the appointments of roulette lenses
and arena Peterson to the
Women's Primary Court.
hunting for the assessed.
They believed the fatal
shots were fired by a white
man. about 30, spencer of
build, teaching about 165
pounds, and standing 5 feet
10 inches tall.
The murder weapon was
reportedly a 30-30 title.
Shortly before Kennedy‘s
death became known, he
was administered the last
sites of the Roman paths‘
llc Church. He had been the
first Roman Catholic president in American history.
Even as two clergymen
covered over the fallen President in the hospital emergency room, doctors and
nurses administered blood
transactions.
Kennedy died of a cumshot
wound in the brain at approximately 1 pm. (CST) according to an announcement
by acting White House press
secretary calcium Kilduif.
The new President, london Johnson, and his will
no the hospital a half hour
later. Newsmen had no opportunity to question them.
, It was the first death of a
president in office since
Franklin D. Roosevelt died
. of a referral hemorrhage at
Worm Springs, 6a., in April
1945.
Though Mrs. K e n no dy
tried, “Oh, no,” in horror
and despite after her has«
band was shot. she did not
collapse or give way to hysIeria.
When he entered the has-
vital, her clothing was covered with blood from her
husband’s sounds.
Lt. which Kaminskl of the
Secret Service said the assessed’s weapon appeared to
have been a “highlighted
Army or Japanese title of
about .25 carrier.” The radio
had a scope on it, he said.
The entire building where
the spider was located was
evaluated. People were
working in the building at the
time of the shooting.
Dallas inspector .l. n,
lawyer Said, “Police found
the remains of tried chicken
and paper on the fifth floor.
Apparently the persons had
been there quite awhile."
After the fatal shots were
fired at Kennedy, the strictly President’s Secret Service driver rated away from
the scene at top speed _.
heading for the nearest hospital and trying to get the
presidential party out of
range of further confirm.
Kennedy, normally and
their wives had been riding
together in the President’s
familiar dark blue, bubbletop convertible. The trans<
parent plastic roof of the vo<
title had been removed for
the motorcade.
Secret Service agents riding with the President and in
a second convertible following close behind, immediately drew history and automatic
weapons.
But they were unable to get
A shot at the german,
 
IM Volleyball
‘ Standings
W
1.. Smith
2. Langan
3. North
4. Clark
5. watson
ii. Cowles
7. South
8. liable
9. West
10. East
Gates
18
21
18
15
 
-:- Animal Life -:-
"see, George! What happened to your nose?”
”1 broke it the other day."
“josh, what happened? Did
you get a volleyball spoken into
your face by one of those 1M
animals?”
“hope."
“Well, did you fall off the
starting blocks in the pool? Or
did your 1M chairman push you
off the diving board when you
 
power WEEK
TASTY PASTRY
923 Broad
 
V Begin the
Holidays
Seasons
with your
call to Jthe
Modernistic Beauty Salon
Corner 5th Br Broad — Phone 236-3089
 
refused to do a backward fully
existing sommcrsauit pie position for the 1M swimming meet
Dec. 7th?"
“hope."
“Was it your girl friend,
when you told her that you had
to break up your relationship
because of an obligation to the
hall IM program?”
“hope."
“Well, how did it happen?"
"Hell, Sam! Not everyone
,lands on their feet when they
jump out of a tree.”
“What were you doing, in a
tree? Trying to find a substitute for privacy since opendorms haven’t reached a level
of liberal existence?”
“No, it’s just that the guys
in the hall take [M’s so serious—
ly, and after I played the fund—
signal role in our 076 performance they told me to ‘go climb
a tree.’ And can I help it if I
have a slightly faulty sense of
equilibrium."
Soon singing will resume‘for
the first time in years in the
named Kimberley Mine, whose
glittering harvest made the
name devil phones a house
hold word in the 19th Century,
Food Poll Saturday
' Saga will take a food service popularity poll Saturday
night at dinner. The composite rating of these score
sheets serve as a guide for
future meal planning and
also as a guide to help managers know how and where
to improve the service.
 
Three Cage Games Planned for
Annual Grinnell Clinic Nov. 30
Three basketball games, after a day of discussions led by
five basketball coaches, will
highlight the rinnelGCollegs
Basketball Clinic here Saturday, Nov. 30, John deutsch (director of athletics) has announced.
mapping the 14th annual
clinic Will be a doubleheader
basketball game, sitting jason City against Grinnell High
School. Earlier in the day,
Grinnell College’s variety and
freshman teams will class.
All Sessions oil be held in
party Gym, with the morning
and afternoon meetings open
to the public, free of charge.
Admission to the evening your
lileheadel‘ will be 75c for students and $1.25 for adults.
Featured on the holiday
program will be Bill Jones oi
Keokuk, Bert Adams oi
Grinneli, ~Bill Holmstrom of
Iowa City, Herb Thompson
of Mason City, and deutsch,
who will discuss various
phases of the sport.
Opening the clinic will be a
rules meeting, conducted by a
representative of the Iowa
High School Athletic Association, stated for 9:00 am.
Jones is scheduled to discuss
“PrevSeaSon Conditioning and
Fundamental skills,” at 10:30;
Adams will talk about “releases,” at 11:00; and Holm»
storm will close the morning
program with his presentation
of “Half-Court Set Offense” at
”:30.
Thompson will speak on
‘he
 
“Building 'a Man-texas Defense," at 1:00 to kick off the
afternoon’s program. He will
followed by deutsch’s
talk on “Building an Offense
Around ‘Part’ Players," at
1:30.
The theory' sessions will be
closed by a panel discussion
which will include all five
coaches, set for 2:00. The fri
well varsityrfreshman exhibition will be at 3:30.
Registration for the clinic,
open to al linterested coaches,
will begin at 9:00 a.rn. in party Gym. The fee of $2.00 Will
include either lunch or dinner
and all clinic basketball
games.
Applications Open "
For Court Posts
Two positions are now open
on the High Court, for a term
of one year beginning Decem<
her 1. Students of at least
sophomore standing are all.
bible for the positions, one to
be filled. by a male student, ,the
other by a female.
A signedstatement of candidate must be submitted to
Dianne Dunn, Executive Cabinet Secretary no later than 12
noon on Wednesday, November;
27. Interviews will be conducted by the Executive Cable
net beginning at 4 pm. that
day.
 
