’Smuc/(er to Give No/men lecture
Dr. Donovan E. Smuckc pi-o-lthrce cneyclopcdlas. the journals
lesson oi religion and Chaplaintof Religion, finals of the Amer-l
of Lake Forest College will de-latin Academy oi Political EHKll
liver the trial )Dnsoi‘cd NollenlSocial Science. Encounter. and,
lecture t'or liltis this Wednesday Chr than century. Hc contributcrening at 8 p m, in service ed a chapter to The Anabaptist
Chapel. Vision, and is contributing a
Dr. Smuckcr will speak to the chapter to the Fostschritt for
topic. “Mississippi through the Prof. James neither Adams out
Eycs oi million,” using the Chris-' Harvard,
than oxistcntinlism or Paul T‘ before going to Lake Forest
Men as a way of Lindersttmdingﬁn 1959. Dr. Smuckcr served as
racial conditions in that month- secretary ol‘ the Bureau or Unicrii state. A coffee hour dishes~ its Travel Russian version with Dr. tracker is stated ' -, director oi the Yale Indu
for Thursday afternoon at t:15,ti-ill Research program at the
in soldier lounge. [Ford Motor Company in Dear-
Dr. Smuckei- received his BA.|born, Micl professor of Men»
from Bluftton College in 193 notice Biblical seminars and
, B.D from Princeton in 1947; director of Chicago's inner city
and the MA. and PhD. from tl‘ie‘shall'CiIE‘S for the Presbylci 'lol
University of Chicago in 1954,Church, USA. l
and 1957 He also studied at; The trials are able to span»
Chem“ and at cam Where sensor this annual event because old
_ .Y d m D l Me__ta generous gift from the John S l
196°“? 5 owner 3"“ ‘ iNollon family of Grinnell. The
sick prizes. plate Mr. golden was president or
He has Contributed articles to Gl'inncll from 1931-40, Mr vol-
Qrinnell College
‘ tee
submitted a plan for reorganizai
- _ union of our for an student car
let-t As approved by the senate
the plan session a Foreign ati
' ‘dont Board headed by a t-
Oldest College Newspaper West of the
Volt LXX Grimnell. Iowa, Friday, April 1‘]. |
his’
lFreshman Comm
By Richard Oiilemcycis it 8 Stan Writer
The week-old temporary Senate Committee on the audi try
fully operate in three are .. Fl .t,
the committee will develop a
;set ol criteria for the selection
_ ,ol judges. Second. specsﬁc cases
lwhcre highly qu enable Var»
gifts have been i added will be
investigated. Third, the Commitv
item will investigate constitutional
sites using Iroiri court deck—
no
i
i
l An example at the ype of
iconstitutional issue which
be considered is the question of
lwhetlter, in the student Courts, Etl
ldeiendant is produced to be
penalty until proven innocent Be»
sides clip‘man dance Oppcl's
loan, the Committee consists oi
Carol Ann Miller. Nancy C »
grave Sellergrcn and Georgia
quickly
l Applications are now racing ac-
‘center for three positions on
\ithe Men's Primary court. Intel'tested students should apply to
ltho Council of House Pre cents
before Monday,
International Allan-s CommitChairman Paul Court get
Dr. Donovan Smut‘her
lcii served as president or Lake
Forest College from 1907 to 1921.
man (now Chairman 01 the IAC).
Other bond members are an
Mississippi
963
Not 26
sign student advisor (Mr. Terry),
 
Ar’r Opens the Show
Annual Arts central Begins
Art, dance, drama, literature, card University a M
and music all are represented power. l
in the annual Festival at Con-j Featured this weekend are
temporary Arts which opened Friday and Saturday evening
at Gllinnell the past week and performances of “Orchesis 111'
Will continue through May 20, Concert," annual modern dance
Opening the festival are decimal.
three art exhibitions which will‘ The remainder of the festival
be on view through May «Eschedule includes the follow»
These are: line:
“A New View," an exhibition! tuesday, April 23, 8 pm. Robot 19 paintings from the San arts Theatre 7 Concert, xerox
Francisco Art Institute, which quarter, .
features 'the work of prominent Wednesday, April 24, ll a.in..
contemporary artists in the Baynoberts Theatre Library
Area, some of them residential Building Award program, with
in the recent movement known‘a lecture, “The Deterniinantsl
as “The New Realisin"—Scheat-,for New Architecture in the,
her Gallery, Fine Arts Center. lTwentieth Century," by Waltci
“lncunabula and Manusci-ipts,"‘A. Netsch, Jr of Skidmoi
a collection of 15th and 16th swing: 1K: Mciiill-Chicago,
century illustrations for his- Friday, April 26, a pm. Rob:
sale, prayer books, and related‘arts Theatre * Concert, Collegitems from the early history ol,cum musical, Choir, and Chains
printed surgery, from de win-‘her oi-chest .
our Graphic Arts, Philadelphial Friday—Saturday. May
Pa _Ground Floor. nursing Li— p,m.. Roberts
board. cart, charles Vei-rest-Carter,
Senior exhibit, paintingsilnezzossom'and (final event of
by Larry somalia. apt majmivlannual Concert Series).
one has been awarded a Friday . Saturday, May 374
Woodrow Wilson Fellowship and times and places to be account—
will do graduate study at care ed a 13111 Annual WI’items'Con—‘
air calls
3-4.
8
Theatre _ Cons
l
both Views Power Struggle
as Vital in World's Future
“The power struggle in which and wildcrno he added.
the world's nations are now in Listing the other two dimenr
\‘blood must result in the final signs of history as the process
l
l
l
l
,a member of the senate, a
lspeaker service cool- natoi- (an
International Relations Club
iforeign student representative)
land a cultural nfTai‘ coordination know metropolitan Club
:providence The board will re—
palace the [AC and handle the
leadership functions of the Co
‘mopolitan Club and the IRC in
science, with James Wright. pmlthe foreign student program.
ct from the University oi Mine Findings of the
nesota. and Jack member. author 0A
of the play “The Connection." iris were r order to the senate
by Comm‘ soon Chairman Joel
Tuesday. May 7 Friday-113 k - Tl Comm s'o eco May 24, Scheaffer Gallery, since a E" m ' n r m
Arts Center Art exhibition,‘) i”"“”"’—
Animal Student Show. ;A I' I.‘ f
mat.sit..,diy.sm.y my pp lcd IONS or
10-11-12, robert Theatre —l .
College theatre production, found
performances of Eugene 0:} lg our ue
still's “Long Day's Journey Iii—l
l Applications are now open for
to Night.”
_ lthree positions on the High
Fl'ldayi May 17' 3 WW Rob“ Court two associate justices and
arts Theatre w Concert, xerox chief jusnm The terms m"
start“ them May I. 1963, to May 1
Sunday, my 19' 3 pm“ Rob_,‘19his1.interested students should
1_ “mm ¥ Come Grimisubmit a written application
0” r ' Y stating interest and indicating
well floral Society, Stravinskysiwhich position they seek, App“.
“Symphony oi Psalms" and‘nations are due to Dianne Dunn.
Smnmmimps “Magn‘ﬁcat” ‘executive cabinet secretary, by
noon Sunday. Applicants will be
Date to be announcedi Arena,interpreted by the Executive
Theatre workshop production. Cabinet at a pm. Sunday.
 
hills
assistant to the Chairman. 3 l’oi ‘
Freshman ‘
million Commission for l96"-‘
vision Reports
presentation Findings to Senate
amended that New Student Days
lgroup leaders on north campus
the selected by the men in their
down residence ha ”5.
Instead of separate introduction bookings for men and worried, a single magazme with articles on colicgiatc liic, thought,
and interest common to freshmen throughout the country
should be sent to entering slut
cents.
Seminars should be continued
as a part of the orientation program, but they should be more
thoroughly tied in with the
most pressing problems a fresh—
man faces. Informal parties hiv—
,en by students in large metrolpolitan areas for their Grinnell
friends and incoming freshmen
should be encouraged during the
summer.
All items to be included in
ithe agenda for a senate index- ,
ing must be submitted to Senate
Speaker Ed hobbies and Senate
Secretary Susan Taylor before
ill am on the Monday precise
mg the meeting.
jamie Bloom
is Chosen as
Review Editor
The Board of Publications
1named the editor and business
manager for next year's Grinwelt deficit and the business
,teenage ol the 1964 cycling in
la meeting Wednesday.
i Named editor of the Review
iwas jamie Bloom; named bush~
‘news manager of the Review for
1963—64 was Joli person; and
named business manager of the
cycling was Bruce keyword.
 
i'units of Study'
i
JNexi Toynbee’ Talk
Arnold J. Toynbee will delta—
er the second in a series of
flour lectures on “The philips.
why of History," at Grinnell
College Monday morning when
he discusses “Units of Study."
The public lecture
used for 11 am. in
tchapel
The victorian w‘ l discuss “The
Problem of Quantity" and “An
Approach Through a Classical
Education" on April 29 and May
is to complete the series. He will
also deliver an evening public
lecture in service chapel May
,13 at a pm, when he will talk
on “World-Wide Social Justice:
commands and Possibilities"
is schedHerrick
 
 
global shape of the social pi - of Civilization and the cultural,l ’
6855," Di', Goetz both. an inter-cloth broke the process of c
nato real [allow at Harvard. told izzttion into three saudi
a Grinnell College audience last technological.
1) us,
man‘s knowledge 4
week. 1
The first oi three historiansi
to speak during the weekend,
both lectures on "The Concept
at Cultural Action in Alfre
chi‘s Sociology of blisto
both described this social
process, “the struggle for ‘
as one of three universal di—
mciisio or history defined by.
'Wehei‘, inter-nationally known
German econom‘ .tutorial.
Al the end oi this struggle,
both said, a global big niciitioii
oi banking will e st he bu—
ieaucratical machinery which is
necessary to administer the
,said.
about
and
mm
the world and himself,
the historical evolution of
s mind. 1
Ltul‘y is composed oi all‘
three discussions,"
“and man remains the;
main battleground for those.
forces and powers which either
dominant or have to withdraw
from it." ‘v
the
Lamb to Head IRCi
hurt Lamb wa- elected pro. i
sent ot principal
Relations Club on Wednesda
Elected to the other ol‘liver po,
tions oi IRC, the largest civil
Rothj,
Inteinalinnall
ADDRESS
whole organization of banking . Dr Arnold J. Toynbee and Dr. Eric Voegelin (seconds-
. th (3- ll i~, ' . , 1
will be one of its future aspects 3:01” 3“,.1223219' 32p; ‘35:: from left) talk With students (from left} Nancy COL:
it' there is to be such an organ-leave Golden, treasurer and} Pete Klein, and Mary wilson. trim- to their interactive out
i'nation at all, rather than chaos Sue, Taylor, secretar . ”The Philosophy of History."
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, April I9. 1963
 
 
Sedrlei and Block
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, Iowa
ii wspmm published cure, r- ‘r
iiisll committee on student Piibll
cbiiimaii. llcnrmelitnl for nahnnn
by rational A inn service. inc. College Yubl‘ s map.
lcﬁei iiivr, )3 Ellsl onlli Street, NL- York 2 Second
lawn, transcription mic slow
or we cniiac.
lions wn
'iii‘e isim,
class no ge paid at ciiuncll,
iicr school year
mirror: :air herein
llUSlNE . .limit pi...“
ii - . in: him
‘ EDITOR . him Dcnzlur
ASSIS ANT NEWS EDITOR , John Wall
COPY EDlTOI'. . i ,
spam-s EDITOR
CHI ' YHOTOGRAPHEH.
K00} ASSISTANTS
wruru: sun-on
"us! speaker
msn Culcducy
sun iiiillsr
Debi-i: norfolk rim. Lewis
, hiiran Adkillsnu
eiiuall lenders-7n
Mild- mariiriclil
l-iii wininiiini
dildo wanna
Min; nlarriinii
AD SALESMEN
bush 5 ASSISTANTS 'Loslic modular,
 
All letters to the Editor written for publication in the charles
will be printed. However, Writers‘ names will be mitchell upon
request. The 5&8 reserves the right to shorter any letter.
More Trips?
Last week’s charles and Black editorial drew fire from
53'61'21l sources. Two Young Republicans’ complaints are
-d in this week's paper. One of these men denied
Lie represelltntiveness of the Young Republican Midwest
’ iollzil Platform, which was the topic of tile editorial,
. die the other called the editorial “disturbed."
 
Other criticisms were generally along the line of
tlii ring which says, “This is Grinnell College. Why in
e \child do 'uu have to tall: about a Yollne‘ Republican
Ml)., a far cry from
Last week we had 1\ rare opportunity. We were given a
equipment which supposedly Illllsitintes the feelings of the
7 digest Regional gathering of Young Republican This
doelllllellt provided us with a link between the Grinnell
Colieg
tips, and national and international politics.
he felt this document illustrated an llltrarconservatil'e
point of View, one which is military and individualistic.
We saw this document as one which summer up many
right—wing arguments, We disagree not with the concern
the nature of these people, nor with their party tag, but
with uhzit' they Said and the possible cause and effect 1'
lil nship which their plans could have provided ill this
finish world situation.
We feel that it was highly appropriate that Such a
(ocumcnt, written on ll college level, be discussed on a
college level.
J. P. H.
and Black must be types and double spaces. No unsigned letters l
community, the host 01‘ Midwest college colnmnnirl
Curl Lamb
The history oi effective United Nations action is one oi the transfer oi conflict l'rom inc
several Councils to llc General Assembly This
old political device oi changing the battlefield
instead oi the issues ls’particularly appropriate
for the UN. It has served lo place many proc
less before inc actionrol'sealed Assembly while
generating the frequently armstrong lalgerpowr
er bodies to a secondary role,
Although operating under a lower-powered
mandate than the Councils. llc Assembly has
evidenced a remarkable creativity in by-passing
Charter restrictions lhal would leave it a power—
‘less advisory committee, The usual pailcrir inicludcs passage of a resolution oi pl'mclplcs in a
driven area and then ieicrcncc to that resolution
in lies ol lhr- charles, ln this icspccl. the Unil—
lnE l'or Peace Resolution did lo the Sccurilv
Council what llc Declaration on printing of
independence ln Colonial Peoples did lo llc
‘Tiusiccsliip Council Even the question ol’ the
compression ol Rod China has become one oi “CH?
ltlerltlals” and not "membership." effectively
shipping the conflict brown the Security Cuun»
icil to llc general Ass. nbly >
‘ This same process is at present working its
 
Advice and present—
'; General Assembly trained
course on an issue thai has irustralcd any allen ,
at solution in fifteen years, South West fri-ion.
If the Assembly has seemed pmiiculariy coin»
client on lan issue recently It is only because ii
is in the first stage or inc conflict—shall process
.A Case has been initiated before the Intel'nations
a1 hours cl justice by Liberia and Ethiopia
which could eventually give the General Asscm—
buy authority lo lake positive action iii the case,
The decision will determine llc equality oi a
unilateral removal by the U.N, oi llc mandated
territory of South West nfl‘l i from would Aliica
Several initial obvious lowest obicciions pic
center by south Africa have already been dis
based of by the hours in a ruling handed down
late last year. registration on the substance ol
llc case is now under way at the value.
Hoslilc action in the General Assembly has
been contained pending the Courts ruling. given
a para-sharing mandate in this field the Assemn
buy might well proceed to take incaninslul action
up lo and including military monsters.
it this issue finally reaches a solution it will
bn another tribute in the creativity of inc General Assembly, The road to effective international
action is by no means straight.
 
Porter Takes
By bruce Porter
chi Station Manager
. If inc case for PM oi Grinnell based on its
‘cdiicationzil value ' overwhelming, ii mo ”'18two cost is low. it the students have indicated
their support for llc project, what is llc rca
ynaimng hilchi
Is there iinrcasonnhlcncss in llc principal
i administration or (in: (here valid reasons for
,porcelain: previously? Let's look bit llc ailr
finish-alien's case and see why ri-csidcnc
women and those (ll'ﬂlloyd him are somewhat
less chair enthusiastic.
Though lhcrc are peripheral reasons our lhls
l— io say the least —— lack oi enthusiasm. llc
lcenlral coiisidcralion is thai FM is a atlantic
ivotential headline. It could become an adminisiii-aior's iiighlinarc. How? simply ocausc an
lopez microphone is a patent instrument for misIchici. And the natural inspiration or an administration is to eur on inc side of safety. Then low.
beginning back on some of the programming over
the old KGRW is disquieting to anyone concerns
:ed with public relations,
l Actually all this worry, while real. is unnecessary. First no one sees Grinnell radio as a
providing ‘voice of [he students'. FM to the residents should be simply a communications
xlT‘edILIm lo be used lo the iullcsi salem or its
unique potential. Dir ci responsibility for a radio
station must be boiirnc by llc college. This CH"
cuts-lance along with inc capital oullay is ihv
0n FM does
central reason FM cannon be a student modern:
limit proposition: control and financing must
rest with the college administration student
effort and talent would. of course, turkish the
bulk oi the programming,
Thus the pop result is inc college admmislra—
links rocsivmg a quality radio operation with all
the internal and external beaches iiilicr schools
have found in its medium and Griiincll flu—
cents being able to listen to something decent
in loiva'. own province of the ‘cleveland'.
A defining plan for assuming responsible student mm in an FM operation has been presented to llc adminisiraiioii. Even more img
content is that such a plan he presented to
the faculty conimiltcc being organized to sliidy
further FM.
ls it crucial thai action be taken, il u is ever
to be taken. on FM in the near iiilurcl It is and
for obvious reasons. We still have who organizational framework and reservoir of experience
and know edge leii from the old KGRW and
more importantly. from the efforts extended in
researchers the FM proposal and anticipating
the problems which will arise. Such an attractive
preparation for initiative FM can't be created
by hat in inc future. ii We are to have FM. it
must be next year and if it is lo be next year
corporations must be begun this gpl'i g. And
ii the college feels FM is abstractly ‘a good
thing,’ there is no real reason why it should not
be now.
 
David high‘l‘source
Forum For percent
Ovcr «he reading period 1 sci a [minor pr
item oi CBS w
We were discussing schools in general, and
he mcnlioiicd lhal. according lo the latest world
“Gl‘lonely's style of life is simple. Social. jul-
viral. and extracurricular amenities ilouiish in
number and variety. Yet the Style in which
tier 1 e Conducted IS simple and unprclcniious."
”Grinnell is minimal and llcxtblc in policies
and administration . . All members of the coin
.reunion, including the students, participate in
governing the community's affairs, which arc
conducted in a democratic and non-bureaucratic
lisa
he“ s roundupi
cdllcalio : but
up
i'ui reading a now book at the moment call»
ed the “Grinnell College Bulletin." ii came iso
:ne bookstore last week, and l found out every-.
body gets a free copy. to find viii where they
arc and what they’re doing here. Not only lhal,
but ccriam pop-ls make wonderful reading, and
she whole thing is a dangerous credit to llc
public relations budget
Naturally, in their waste lo lcll llc world all
about Griimcll, lucy let-sol to million a few
things For instance, people are speaking around
up or shut up,
rally believe
wc display the
leisure and ge
three best colleges around.
I’m not sure what this says about Alliance!»
in Something worth help Concerned aboiil.
fashion" This obvious achnowledgemcni is onion forgotten,
but it's the only reason some people don't give
Naturally, the big problem remains defining
what makes this place worth loud- years. (Here
we’ve got a head start, because all kinds of per—
plc know what dress't) Now some people sells’s the excellent
liiglquuallly students
that clothes really make the ma
To the Editor:
periodically
lib's now on llic faculty oi forum- “C“V‘MS 1‘“
[or this
unit'
student
Gi'innell |> one 01 the two or
it does mean that we'le mixed
dial unit This
inc
l‘alnc from
ing inc
funds
The events
processors and
Everyone knows. ihcush
so cvci night
in c and program beginning viii
ability. ll you don'l believe me
fly. This
and
llc class and
generated
inlcrcsl at Grinnrll. The reasons
is lhal the class, as a
is outside the structure of‘r
government. ‘
function is that oi an china so.alive reasons
is cvidcucod bvl
fact thai the
inc
fund and the doc.
approximately
are made by
Planning Board
concerning
year's class day
scale lan [utility oi class acliiullaultiness. Alumni may identify
program,
indicated by John Gieyliheir class or llic year in
iFreshman Class Officials Suggest:
‘english Class activities and Offices'
faith the normal campus seller
. tions, Considering the present
Itsl . . , .
interest in class functions. this
made success or any figure clay.
activity impossible.
lililcl’
components of class organizaonlyllion and activity generally offer
lol‘ its existence.
Fist. class organization pro
notes class unity which has
general social,\value after graduation, for it is
sons concerns‘the class which is the center
of these‘of alumni identity. recently,
who Social‘class organization provides an
,ought for siudem leadership.
A close examination of these
reasons quickly reveals their
Its
class funds
program
originalodizhcmsclvcs with the college by
inch
(orders lately, whispering somebody wants formal has at both services oi dinner every night
Now regardless oi how unbelievably assure this
. build it surely i. in keeps g with llc desktop-
‘itious or our ”simple" and “informal” life
I guess we should have seen this coming
when they made athletes dress up for early did»
tier, At the time i thought maybe photographers
from “require" oi “Gentleman‘s quarterly" were
an campus. and it was all part of the joke But
somehow the greater and greater attendance at
0 has tracked somebody iiilo thinking lb
payment is popular. michel' lhal. or the campus
cleaning; agency has a lobby with Saga Fred.
demanding more dry cleaning b sites‘
One or the occupational hazards around sci-c
s losing your billy anger on occasion You get
tired or compliance, either because pretty soon
relief’ll ask you to leave. because it's too sad lo
liciiiiiiiy. or because you iusl plain feel like
being press-ant {or a change,
Or course it's true lhal part oi our consensus
implement (sec the new Catalogue) is woiidei—
log What they'il try iioxl. For music a while
now we r, been trying lo catch up with our rcir
citation. But mailing on that is like waiting on
Judaemem Day.
Yet it’s important to realize that critics only
exist ii something is worth the effort; at Grin.
:well. il happens to be the college. if \ s were all
at the University of Palognnia. critics. would
be ridiculous, competition would be a joke. Who
complaint about llc table banners pl a goal
especially one hills low Board scores?
list watch everybody in Cowles somoiimc. Why
eye never Seen a more slave, smooth, related
well—passed and polished dinner party,
gui to be Sllglllly salieiii iusi once this semester, llic_ real tragedy concerns inc college's pre-
lion with - ccoiid principles For exam-
.. Ce nobody oil _ y thai s :url promiscuiiy
is undesll'able. (he students are gold about closedﬁi
doors and locking up people mslead rpm the
looks or llc poor l)e\l'llde,ed pr pictures. up
mailing at llc lLlnclllineS in miller how’ , prcliy
soon it'll be illegal oven to be outside cl a
doc uiih a girl because phone might la .c lhni
are wrong way low
in clips canal‘selecting a basic aim or student
responsibility and choice. llic college also abro-
‘gates llc haiti-al. moral. health and india
delilnlly inuliciiablc — ri lt oi 1 cc association.
-all in (he loans oi inn final‘ l sci‘use io
believe ihni promiscuiiv is a p ilcm at Grin-
:all college. Eilhci llc lnalli concern is viii‘
population 7 our gillrui'speed prince" or re
eciabllily in billboaid lawn and not r
, dual zl i-ac -. oi >1he college let s iiscli, ivhirh
Is a iii our paranoia.
Until till gets iiiidcisiood. and Burliiu- Bosc—
mini shop. regarding [he newspaper like an
under, llli‘ college's extraordinary ailribui miisil
re non vyilli those usually carnival concern- oil
we "all respect, iiilegril, and like-(join from
{car \\lHCll only prcscullv ( lit “on (he olllSlde."
But e cusc me This being i_vocal by right
‘llle result of a longer‘illlge prci-‘mel'l‘be'S or ”H" C1355 and
 
boiirnc. sccielai, . and sh . gu| [0 get jul oi hi.
room
green, premises lo do much lottery graduated, but this is no!
change the disinterested alliludejlhc result 01 any class organic
toward Class (“among Th- ‘_nation, rather, ii is a means of
change was not cxpcciod lo cc» Identlt'king a set [If events, EX»
or anti- one class day or even per'lenses, and possibilities
several, but was envisioned us‘lvllose memory is umque to the
its
your year period ai Grinncll.
'Any activities by the cia. . as a
unit. would coiislilule a very
small part oi these memories.
gray.
on december 8. the first class
day was held and the class air
civilian Inel with niodcralc
success in some instances slide Concerning the class i an
complete failure in others Al-,outlet for leadership, it is quite
though elaboraicly planningﬂbpal'ent that them 3 apple
around perhaps the most orig- OPPOI'fully for her’ldellllp alter
anal theme, llc Senior pin in the iramou-o : oi student
party didn’t get oil the ground ‘novel’salem No outside orgasm
The reason’ low even holhci-cd when is necessary or deSlrablclo allowed, small? \g llic l‘utility, Hence. it can be seen that cl.
of flickr ciioi the junior and organization and activity is un-
.ciiior class producers decided necessary. For this reason we.
with llic exception oi coiiiiiiciicc-,llic fi'e‘email cl s oil , sugniciil liabilities, uri to allempljgcsi lliol class ascii ie and
number functions this year jcluss ol'rivers be published.
As a result, on monitor G. click Toni Jackson
Social Planning Board ended‘ daily Staley
[he {last day program. By so Laurie Houdek
doing, il made any iulurc ocii- , Joan poverty
fly by llc freshman or sopllo-; Gerald forward
more class inevitably conflict Lloyd Friiziueier
 
today Apﬂ||9,|963
SCARLET AND BLACK
§wiley permits Subtle Sex
To the Editor:
You may well ash why anyone would u sh
to write an article on a subject such as Sex and
the G"llncli Girl. after not-long with the Grinncll Social System for a year as Quad Social
Chairman e I didn't come up with any answer
but after reading helen Browns hook, “Sex and
the Single Girl," — 1 did come up with another
question. Why nut’.7
You may interview this word Sex however
on wish, my definition — as combined lo the
single girl — does not include bidding down.
with or without handling board or during open
or closed door open forms. btit it does include
that fun which SEX pool'idea. My convention iS
that the single girl. a cats try crncompassing 99
per cent oi all Grinnell urls, needs so ‘ 7 in
order to be happy, You may consider this ai‘ti»
llc r-other plant. btit being that human com—
medication and understanding is one ot 'iHE
problems ot our modern ago; i thought it best
The trust problem the small grr-l faces is to
continue society that she is sinelcby clinics and
Irvishcs to remain so — for a while. “No, hunt
leg, i didn't share one ot' those for -tccl iowa
toys, why waste (our years at Grinncll on dirty
drapersl"
in order for the single girl to consistently
get her point across, she must her-sell be
thoroughly convinced list how much sun it is
to be single. The requirement 4 Meir. You ask,
"Who needs join?" WE do! i it we Qualify as
normal, healthy alleAmcl'icon tGrinncllligirls.
You’ll notice 1 said men. not man, this is rme
contact. You can and should count everyone
[tom the atlantic‘ male (Icik at birmingham's
to the Willklng boys who work at gui‘lying as
one of ”your man"
And this is the advantage or being single,
you don't catch nursing employees \lightning at
“old nlal‘kinds" with three changing children.
Thus we have the opportunity to "live” a little
longer than our mailed friends 7 so let's take
advantage oi it The our-line employee won't
link at you either unless you encourage it, Be
charming, few .inc, and a ilir-t,
It may not get you anywhere at Gririnell,
but remember you have a normal lilc off-cams
put; perhaps the boys do too and have list for»
gotten that almost hall oi their yellow students
are single girls with whom to have as much
"fun.V as they do “its the Single girls: at home
Let's remind there. Dr for- there; clothes that
in, black Llrcs=cs are so. y
And remember it‘s not removal to bl: sexy.l
after all good old mom did catch pop That‘s
Just an example. howto ~ VVC'IC not talking
about matching them, were just talltrne about
having a good time — ic, having regarding res
lationships with them A sexy single girl is also
healthy, has clean has_ years perfume and
makeup, properly applied is able to sit still.
Smiles often, dress't talk all the time, dress't
narrow money, and is dedicated to be called on
the telephone.
None of the tips in terms list taste ”all that
much tlmc." so ii you 7 the Grinnell girl —
wish to remain single, and be happy while you're
at it, why not?
leg singles
YR Platform Not Representative
To the Editor:
part oi
in last week’s 5&3 the editor-‘russell
originally of the Young
operating “Us
wrote
Republican platform document
I don’t think they'store
is
“f"? spiritual issues contained in the Party.
the platform
not the Not only can those assulllps
tions Just stated he questioned
{haploid the representations oi those
truly real-e- plrrlosophies must he constantly
lGrad students
lion‘ Fulbri
More than and United States
"over'mount awards will be
available to dublin'red American
g adults students for study or
i-cs arch in any one oi as corn-
‘t cs (living the paths academic
,see The graduate iellouships.
r, variable under the copyright
illness Act ol until, are address»
ttcr-ed by the Institute ot Ilitel'national Education as part or the
educational exchange program
at the Department oi State.
There are three types 0!
awards- US. government full
grants; point U.S-other love i7
mint gr it , and US. govctlls
client try l-daily grants. Full
‘grilllts provide fund trip t nor
formation, tuition, books and
maintenance {or study in Argentina, Australia, Atrstrra, Belgium
Luxembourg, brazil, Ceylon,
Chile, China (Republic of),
Denmark, Finland, France, normally (Federal Republic of),
iGhana, Greece. Guatemala, scotland, india, ii-an, ireland, italy,
Japan. Korea, Mexico, Nepal,
ithe Netherlands, New Zealaiul,
lNorway, Pakistan, Pcru, the
Philippines. Portugal, Spa"
lswcdcn, Turkey,
Republic and the United Kings
item,
: A joint U,S,mother government
lgrant rs offered alternatively by
ilhe US. government (wh
lplovides travel) and a
government twhich provides question and lllamtenance) Joint
1awards are available for study
,in Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, color—
ibia, Costa Rica, the Dominican
illepublic. Ecuador. Guatemala.
‘H'dial, Honduras, Me. co, rica-
 
from the indian YR convention-‘sensitive of Young Republican reevaluated by all of us, Their-aqua. Panama, Paraguay, Peri
A few -mlsunder5findings can'sterling throughout the Midu'est,‘
be it certainly wash't oi the Gl‘in-means have something to say anal
warning that platform must
cleared up. \
First, the
shell delegation,
parts of the plan- recently. no
editor as being “passed”
the convention and coilscqucntly ly as it.
could not be changed or amend Admittedly. the
one
in attendance. Because of time, tend to attend liberal principal attendance
only one or two issues in the possibilities btit how many of usespeeially
fully discussed have really ever sat down and but as 1 have tried to point full
ed by those Young Republicans‘Conservative
platform were
and when we found that the‘compared the “liberal"
time that we had set aside for‘lphy that is supposedly the guild-
platforms irig light at the Democratic Party time racing
Conservative Phrloso-;
entire platforms passed althouglt‘pill that is said to provide the
oi the
consideration ot the ‘
had run out, we considered the and the
Votes were not taken on the in- foundation
matter
form that were quoted by the you agree with the platform url
were not tunreprescntatrye as it is) it
never related, on the flour or should root be passed oil as ligllt-‘
‘ was in the
conversations and the Repllbli»
,a valuable contribution to mat-c
and should not be decided for a
low out OK Context remarks by
a new extremists.
wh other
You can be sure that many of
CdltOI'lﬂl»:tale proposals set forth in the
document is a platform would have been big-
and would proudly attacked by many in
at the convention.
the Grinncll
Phll050~‘\'a'e were not given the upper:
tuning to do so because of the
President Griimcll YR's
Republican 1 David Kennedy
 
Young Republican Platform Yes, Editorial No
To the Editor: topic s
The platform of the Midwest
Young Republicans Convention
was seriously misrepresented in
last Friday’s editorial About this
there cart be little doubt when
the actual facts are presented.
nature and
the
, _ tuning,
The primary convention ol the
editorial was that the Y. R
platform is “founded on tear
fear or a central government
and icar or communist enemies.”
it is most assurance true that
the delegatCSAI was one myself
and served on the economic air
pairs subcommittee—were very
concerned about llc‘growth in
the magnitude and range of
is biblical of
only when
freedom.
words,
tear Vii. was not, however, they
"foundation" of the platform.
The platform was positive in
was
"optimization or. individual
freedom, thought, action, oppul‘»
and the
these ir-eedoms from all
within or without the United , » States ol America" The playboy-mom 1“" T1“ “”0”“: 1““?
federal
they are
conﬂict with such
Since i helped to write the
economic affairs
platform, I feel a certain obliga-
“unrealistic l social.
The editorial continues by
l“qtlestloning the logic" oi inc
‘platform statement "There can
be little doubt that present ted.
oral income ta laws should be
completely re-written Regula-
. tions have become so complex
“WWW“ island rates so high that it is “11'
forceslposslblc to continue the present
addressed to
1, lot reasoning scenes to be that
P‘élfmfunilitary spending cannon be
‘“ 1‘“ maintained at the present lCVOl
1“" 39135 M it cuts are made in the budget.
The editorial is supporting the
its-uc picture here because it
leads one to believe that the
routing Republicans call [or a tax
plans of the
group|
Poland. romania and generic‘
i Travel—only grants are intend—
ed to supplement maintenance
and tuition scholar-ships r-eye ~cd
tr-om the university, a o ago
donor, or a for-crgn covered L
,Tr-avel-only awards are at"
table for study in just . Bra l
‘denmark, France, Germany
Llsl'all, italy_and the leslie:
lands. '
General eligibility - rcqttirc
series for all types oi g
are: U S citizenship (at e
time oi application). a bicycle
degree or its equivalent below
the beginning date oi the g bit,
‘lilnguago prolicteircy suithicnl
geo carry out the proposed study
project and tar general com.
information, acid good health, A
good academics record and demand
started capacity for independent
study are also necessary Pi’Cfs
[To the Editor:
On Tuesday evening, April 9,
i963, Arnold Toynbee gave a
lecture on “The Problem of Race
Feeling." Toynbee expressed a
belief at that time that social
integration would most likely
lead to universal iriterntai age.
This result, while being a won—
serial solution, might present
certain problems.
United Ami),
ioreignl
Gray'Says lol'ermarriage
May Have Adverse offer’rs
Page Three;
May Qualify
will Scholarships
el‘i'l'llc is giVCh to am :LKA"‘
under so years or age it o it.
not previously lived or cloth
abroad.
Students now Lmolle
college or university she .li
suit their campus Fr.
Program advisor about
for the 19644;?) scilolarshi
others may secure
and application for
,couusclirig division or the it
write oi international Educ.
800 Second Alentle, New
17, New York: or to iy or 1'
regional oillccs All requc .
application for-ins must he po
imai‘red by October is, 1963.
charge applicants must
‘their completed applications
IIE by November l, 195
rolled students must subn l
operations to the campus Tit
bright advisor by the ~ pt:—
time campus closing date.
,Dr. E. Buehrer
iso Talk Sunday
Dr, admin T. l3uehrcr, n .
her ot the Third Unit
Church, Chicago, will be got
lancaster- for Sundays chat
,service. His address is ent lcﬂ,
“A Purpose for Lil. ig: Find .t
'Dl' Create It." That attc i
lDr. Buehi-er will disc its
lBalance of Reason and earth‘ o
lReliglon" at a money hour at 3
lp.m in Younltcr lounge The
like hour is sponsored by
iUnilarial-l student group.
D" Buehrer has been print‘
at Third Church since 1941. Fr
it’pussy, he served churches
Maine and New Jersey. The
her editor of the Journal
‘Liberal Religion, he has
:as the president or the We it i
editorial conference 'and
collector at the American Ur.
,taiwan Association for one tail‘
ICur-really. Dr. Buchier is it
api'evident oi the Liberal ill
‘term Association of Create C
learn
1 Born in Texas, Di- still‘lt’
graduated with a BA.
‘degree lr-om Southern Method: l
:Unilel'site. He has received .
rand BD. degrees at the L'n
lsitv ot Chicago Divinity Sch
land a DD. brown Meadvillc after,
clinical School.
 
it
i
it as
l intel'm' age is one et the
greatest applications ot brother-
;hotel and asian harmony. lt
inoi, however, the only rca’
union or racial harmony. Pcepl
in the United States and th
rest of the world must bcgr
,to accept one another became
oi their references and
merely because ot common
,steal elements. When this h
opens the events of social inlc~
federal power, be it political? tion to challenge last Friday’s
. . , i .d ~lcd- l"
for example. Attorney General Edltcl‘asian editorial that omll- Cm ‘° b° "‘1 C ’0 -‘ '°’“
an across-[harbour‘d
Tire major- races are to some station and even social inicg .
degree physmiiy distingursip iron itself will not be at but
great importance,
Kennedy‘s demand for authorization many of the platform's 1118*
major features and disturbed those
econolniciin-lthat were included.
to “wire tap" without even
court order; or
come tax laws that range h-oil
per cent through a wide
of incentive and
taxes designed to so well abovcl
when they
harry oi these ostensibly (Em—rm me plus)“,
was also
th t‘cats
Concern
about the
citizens."
action
the, their
wish ‘ such
peace of
one may
pr sent to the
world. Whatever
to call this concalnrrcsponsibiclgreat length in the placement, but
ignored
to use the editécolnpletely
citizenship or,
The platform as I have many
the substantial mrrirrnuni ot 20-mmed was not negative m
TanEeleconornic policy as the C(allow‘ialiof
“W05““em contents. Policies ot the federal‘or many bedroom Tom“, 31,
““1"” 'EVEIS' mm “cm”lgovcrmncnt well customized 0analyst one hall or national becomes
had the
”1C 3 PG“ 00'“ NH“ and “ “Widestroying basic t'reedoins Th C‘
of “he" laxcsi list “n“ tunes-‘cases were specsﬁcalls discs lcd
Primarily. rows
polar-y warning r-cvcnuc raised-s ever, the Young republic W
and consumption control devices ,how local and mm cover”
expressed means and, when desirable, the,
that certainltcderal govcrllmcnl to taste at
Communist nations as Red Chinaltion “necessary to properly Serve
The Spcmﬁcs oil
it are
isztvings oi
ibudgct ctit, Such is not the c As the platform clearly state,
{Young Repulicans call for a
{proceeding of the la): base to
ll-S'inc accomplished by the closing
"zoophilia" and elimination
“TS“ 'Of is not taxes,
The Young Republican plan.
l'oi-m is certainly not a sci or
“dangerous drop n15" a rather
it is a sound basis for govcin—
,social action and discussion be.
green Republicans and Demo;
lc t Only the disturbed edilioiral account last Friday
realty its programs seem
of
‘él
etc“
discussed ‘ .
"dangerous
John G. Black
in the edt-
able from one another; complete
fusion at these races would per»
maps create less race preceding.
but that resulisnvould Doom“
The cultural differences within
each are by tar more important
than the physical dillcrchccs.
Intcrmar-rings on the univciec
scale wotild tend to create a new
culture that would ebscurc any
existing cultures.
The American metro, the 0r.
rental Ame can and the nascar
iran American have all made
infant contributions to sms
,er an life by developing theirtown particular cultures
to one culture air which each
culture would be amended until
all were completely industry—
printable, there would arise a
universal agricultural society;
uninteresting and responding a
translated italian
inctrori novel.
 
By tu-j
sign oi the elements 0! each in.i
type science‘
Toynbcc has presented an 6‘
feet oi social integration; un
verbal inter-r - age is but
lot the possible results
lculture should strike to n
talk the cultural identiﬁcauo-i
that classes it unique. it should
be noted that racial inter-inch-
, lane is the greatest obstacle to
not- 1 integration FCi'hapS
position may be cleared up
hunting the Rev, Martin Li.
.King: "Thu aim of tire metro ‘
to become the white ma
ibiothcr—not his brother-ilvldl .
The [act at racial inform
.page is obvious, though it
not the single most import.
result oi social integration D
dial intermarriage should
viewed. in my opinion,
personal choice atrd not
cultural phenomenon.
:1
as
as
, Carl otis Gray
 
P lee Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April I9. I963
 
Inl‘exchange between Hislorians
Toyiiliee, Voegeliii printed;
By John W011"
Asst, News Editor
A [File "philosophy of history"
has never existed but is Di‘QSV 0,, to handle but are less ilkC-‘l
entry being calculated, claimed
Dr. Eric Voegelin during an in»
merchants with Prol, Arnold
Toynbce last Monday in service
chapel. ,
Also commentary on the nav,
sure of a philosophy of history, ,facility that is going on in tllelllic realm of consequences ncccs-t
Toynbec stated that the proc
let in the development of such{
a philosophy is discovering the.
“relation between phenomenon
and the mind which is aware oil
them." ,
What companies an historical
time unit7 was another question,
Toynbee answered that there!
are different units for
lot politics, for example. ii-outd'in the subconscious.
Iprobably require diesel'ent units, format may be the ciiusc ot
0n the same subject,
noted that larger units a
Toyiibce
rc said.
1y to cause discretion
in answer to another ques
tion, Vocgclin said that the
term “challenge and response,"
which was joined by Toynbcc,
was a useful suinmai-y oi “the
world."
commentary on the “pattern“
that is evident in history, Toyl-le
bee said that although such a
pattern is convertible. it will
nonetheless be impossible to
predict the future because of
the change in human life. To
justify the idea or a pattern,
dilierentlToynbee explained that psycholsA'al'tables that
purposes. Growth of religion and exists have found a unilorinityltrolled,
This ilni»
the otherwise pay‘adUXical “pair
‘sci-n."
Vocgelin wash't sure that th
.university at the subconscious
llerel would be of any help to
:historical since it dress't send
himself to further analysis Toyn
bee concerned and noted that,
ltd bring the subconscious into,
charity means that something dsl
list in the tr nslcr ‘
Can ns determine who ,
they tin indirect ls control banners (left to right)
the pattern ol history! was the,iilltl betty Slil'missile research
Jfinal question In answer, Voegc-leolicert. tel'i‘ireland
win claimed that no individual is
able to control the pattern sim- night‘s concert.
Léslip Silver, party Burke,
for this weekend's Ol'clients
will be 211 8 in“. tonight and tomorrow in Roberts. Ditliyl'ztmb will be open ﬁfollowing to-
 
,pay because there are too many
can't be con.
 
A Grinnell College audieneel
Monday was told that since the.
human mind cannon take in that
universe as a whole, man's.
patchwork mental picture oi
the universe must be a his—
leading picture of the individuals
reality.
The speaker was Arnold J.]
Teynbee. visiting Heath professor of history. in the iii-st of a
series of tour lectures on “The
Philosophy ol History.” Mr.
Toynbee said:
"swing to this implemented.
news of our intellectual powers,
we cannon avoid conditioning.
our mental map of the universe into disciplines,
“Human affairs are merely
one discipline, Yet human af—
fall's cannon be under-stoodproperly except as an inseparable,
part of the individuals universe
which includes all the nonchuman amendment too. Man, like
other living creatures, is inseparable from his total environment, and is unintelligible
it not studied in his environ—
mental setting"
Using “The responsibility and
Unpredictability of Human At—
fails” as his topic, Dr, Toynbee,
pointed out that the study ot
human affairs is broken down,
into a number or sub-disciplines
such as psychology, anthropol—
ogy, sociology, history, etc. I
“We cannon avoid divisions
human affairs up into compare,
series and concentration on
some single comparisons," he‘
said, “but we must never let
ourselves take the dividend
 
.silcli events Show that.
lines between the
seriously,
“The conditioning into disc
airlines has been haphazard and
unsysteinatic. But even if it
were personalized it would still
be an obstacle to understand.
ing.”
Although he argued that we
should study the universe as a
whole all of the time, the his
disciplines
_jordan consider that, as human
beings the humanities have the
first call on us,
“The proper study of many
kind is man," he said, “in the
sense that the first business on
our agenda is to live with olli’serves and with each other If
we mail in this, we cannon succeed in anything else Human
affairs matter extremely to us,
because they are our affairs "
assessing that “challenge and
response" is a more realistic
formula than "cause and effect"
when dealing in human affairs,
the victorian said that in human affairs, unlike astronomy,
the future is unpredictable be»
cause at every encounter there
is not a pie—determined result,
but a freedom of choice—that is
unpredictable by natui ,
Al'her rating special “inc
posted events in human, his
top'y," Dr. Toynbcc said that
in human affairs, we cannon predict
the future.
“On the other hand," he said,
when we look back over our
records oi the past, we do find
regularities and recommended
in fact a pattern. How me we
 
STOP AND LOOK
AT THE LATEST IN
BAREFOOT
BROWN SH
SANDALS‘
OE FIT CO.
 
 
 
SALES
* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
* series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March Book Covers
School and Party Supplies
Mimeogruphing
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
I. REPAIR . RENTAL
it *
 
 
WiII Receive A
All junior women are re
|created to be present at did—
,new in the Quadrangle this
;Sunday, when this year’s Moi»
tar Board members will tap
_ new members. portal Board is
fact that human nature is not,a national 1mm. society for
all at a piece. It 15 We Umflscnior women which recognized
congcmhsness and Will are the‘high scholarship, leadership and
distinction features of I‘ltll‘ltai‘l‘service
nature, but it also has its stlbconscious side, governor not by
rational choice, but by ii-ra»;
signal creation :bars are happen
”In any individual human lee-i '
ing there is a perpetual struct
gle for mystery between these
two elements in him, and be.
green individuals there are not
only conflicts or feeling but are 0
so differences oi opinion indoor S ReVISed
conflicts oi will. '
"hills in conflict sometimes
cancel each other out, and then A
the issue is decided by thcchacc
forces of the unconscious. The will
Kunconscious is a part of human iii-st time: Saturday, April 27,
nature like consciousness anddn indie than 300 communities
will But. unlike these, it is un-
.across the nation.
der the rule of natural law OII
the kind that covered non<llc~ The new tests ‘0 be given on
man nature. Things governor an experimental basis, consists
ibm “M“I‘Bl law have “0 mad“? OI hall-hour sections on general
of choice, and where there '
is .
no freedom of choice events‘aptlludc and modern language
”new in a regular jimmy institute. All applicants who
“It is tlic regulation of pat»lliave any knowledge of French
‘1?!“ “‘1' t‘he Torcwenfs of other Spanish must remain to take
cars ia rates ice pi-c ie—i . . a a
table It‘ human nature too wall “‘9 “"pmpmm 1 a “ h “ a T ,e
phone unconscigug “S futuretachieveincnt test or one hours
actions would be ' predictions}duration,
too The reason why they are; E t t
lnot predictions is because we‘ .y F‘mtv
:cannon lorctcll whether or not ammatwn took
the unconscious is going to have hours, depending on optional
theldemditngiroweuin all)’]l>3f"lsectiolis Beth tests are notice ai- si ua ion. is on y 111‘ . , ,
retrospect that we can see thatlmmpcm’l’e’ applies “ 1“)
some things in human affairs, ‘00“ “‘9 1°"é'er '9“ do "01 "Ccd
have followed a pattern. The to take the new one.
‘pi-foundation is that the women:
scious did have the defining;
,to recognize a batteries past
with an unpredictable future?”
”Perhaps the club lies in the
In keeping with Grinnell true
every spring
llewiand
Corps Placement
be administered for the
Test
the iorincr eye
tour to eight
The new test will be given at
room in these mega ‘mo a,ln. and should be taken
,by all new Peace Corps apply—
plants for one or the 4,000 open-
inns in 44 countries Training
,Library contest ‘ .
‘Closes Tomorrow 1235:?“ “‘ “y “d A”
l . .
The deadline for the colleges To be eligible ‘0 take the
«am, candidates must
‘Personal Ll ~ai-y contest is til-I either
‘mirror. This contest. sponsored have submitted a questionnaire
by “Ml-V} Worth "77' ‘5 0p“"‘to the Peace Corps or must
to all seniors. i .. . ._
The contest, to determine what‘bang ‘1 C°"‘P1°l°d quest‘mm‘e
senior student has the mostly “‘6 195‘ SW With [her
complete personal library. oileisl Lcsmnmim and ,he 10%
.a ﬁrss prize ol $25 worth of‘ Q' ’
books For further- instructions“°"_°f ”19 “am 5““ “my be
consult patrick Boatinan (assoejOblamed from the campusPeace
state librarian), lCoips madison officer.
 
 
GOOD FOOD
REASONABLE PRICES
line in a relating atmosphere in the
MONROE HOTEL CAFE
"Open to 2 A.M."
 
action, new portal Board mCmr‘
much shorter—
lNew dollar Board Members
sea/it --A Patch War/t Picture;
Tip—Top-Tap
throughout a Sunday dinner—
‘hour. After dinner has begun,
,this year's portal Board mem—
bars, dressed in academic cap
-and down, will enter the dining
‘hall and circle the room, search—
ing for the prospective mem-
‘bars, Eventually. each new
inicmber will he speed and tap.
lpcd. mapping occurs when an
‘active portal Board member
removed her academic cap and
places it on the head of a junlior woman, Each junior com~
{an who is happen will be in—
united to join the table where
the active portal Board n'let'i'i<
,bars and their advisors are
stated.
, Until she is happen, no june for woman knows that site
i has been elected to member-
ship in portal Board.
Following dinner, a reception
living be held in Main Lounge
,‘in honor or the new inembeis.
Then, for three consecutive
days, they will wear academic
caps and towns- on campus
,‘from morning until dinner‘~tilile.
‘lFoi'may initiative of those tap-
,per will occur in one week. At
that time. offices will be as-
‘signed to the new members,
Present total Board members arc honda Bl‘human.francis dollar-ch leg Martin. Carol
‘Mlllcl', Nancy Lee Norton, Myl'»
‘na question, site Toengcs and
marilyn best advisors to Mar—
tar Board are MISS Evelyn
partner, Mrs. Grant 0. Gale,
Mrs. John R, Kletllsclimidt and
Mrs, Andrew P. Debicki. This
year, national portal Board is
‘celebs'atillg its forty»fifth anti~
.vii-said.
l
scoop pages Crew
‘as budget‘Group
, Susan loop, new South came‘put social chairman. has an.
tnounecd the members or the
‘joined‘s social budget commit—
item for next yCai'. ‘
 
l Members are Anne Hart, Ann
lMillc-r, audi i-teacher, Barbara
Piaget; lucky Rcetz. and true
lNoui-sc. Also working on the
lcomniittee are margin chris,
lreprcscntative from the lashiion board; Marilyn A. Nelson,
IAWS Board treasurer, Mai-y
"german. Quadrangle music
,‘clinic-iran; Mrs, Robert Hareiman, advisor; and the Quadran-
‘gle kitchenette chairman, who is
iyet to be chosen.
For next year. the committee
,u-ill organ e the Quad Open
spouse, Women’s chi, and oth—
lcd social activities.
 
Friday. April l9, I963
our/ing Architect Gets A ward
Walter A. Netsch. Jr., client at
design for the architectural terry
of Slririrnoi-e, things & hill'v
will. Chicago, will spcalt at a
special College program Wed
nasdaq. zipril 24. in connection
with presentation or an archive
tue-al design award to Grinnells,
sterling Library.
The merit award to nursing
Library and to SOM-Clricago
as its architects is one at set-en
honor and merit awards made
to college library buildings in
a program sponsor-ed country by
the American institute oi Archie,
tests. the American Library As
situation, and the National Book
Committee, Inc, “In Iceognltmn
oi distinguished accomplishment
in library architecture"
Curtis E Bradford tEriglishl,
who was chairman oi the laws
ulty planning committee for
nursing Library, will provide at
the special award program, to
bu held at 11 a.m
Theatre. The program
to the public.
Besides vocational Lib
27, the award program
one or the events in the coin
legs's current month-long Festis
val of Contemporary Arts,
will also serve as the weekly
is open
v big governance or
'y Week April 21—
posters With the posted’
By Karen robinson
S & B feature EdlCOI
What female on the C innell
campus can coast of having a
pin from both North counter
and South counter at the same,
time? Impossible» Not it you
are Mrs. Luella Eetherolt. host—
rss on North Campus "Mom”
rethcrolt and Mrs, June Main
are the two women to whom
North Campus is estimated.
The pr-image outr oi the host
855 IS to he a sympathetic listen
er, a person to whom a young
man can let on steam and get
hrs profiles out in the open
“When a boy comes to me
with a problem and wants me
to help him, I don’t always
know the answer, but 1 tv to
treat him as though he were
my own boy,” said Mrs. rather.
all,
sending porn clothes acid new.
ing on buttons is a task the
processes have taken on them—
states Providing animal crack.
era is also another service,
Mrs. Main said. "The boys
would probably deny it it you
told them they liked animal
teachers better than cookies, but’
in Rabcrtsi
will be ,
SCARLET AND BLACK
group lCCtlllt‘ for all settings off
"hills'educators to this l’IIIC
course
widely known our his
the Stllniolct driver-
tan for the
the
Alts
that-li.
work on
site master plan, d
US Air orcc A ad try. and
i ricky or other academic, pubs“
,lie, and industrial pi-pieces, will
speak on “The determining i'oi,
iNcw Architecture in the Twelk‘
rileth Century."
A tiles graduate or pasta-l
cassette institute ot Tecltrrologv. l
Netsch joined skidrnore, things
& VIei-will in 1947 and l'iraqi
learned with a design group
lion the new cornirturrity or Oak
Ridge, Tcnrr Later, at the San,
irrancisco onion of s.0.M,. he
worked on West Coast and Far:
East projects, including the Star ,
lord plan and three military:
bases in Okinawa, In was he
i\\'as transferred to the Chicago
office, where he became a gen i
oral partner in the ﬁn“, rna
charge or all design work in click
shit-ago price
Besides the Grilmell
award. Netschs ﬁrm also It?—
coin-ed one of the to awards
lniadc by the same sponsors to
.public liblal'losﬁa ﬁrss honor-
tr
liblilvv
Itjaward for the Skulile, all., Pub-{space for 350,000 volumes on its
llic Library
It. is true i used to make cookies
l-for the follows when i
came. but they never disappeuI—l
ed as quickly as do the animal;
access i put out now and it 1
[ol days, the boys will print in
and ask where they are"
Mrs Main has been a hostels
the Nor-his calls for three
years A year before becoming
ihostess, she held the position
oi executive housekeeper, and
previous to this she had worked
at a photographic studio for 12
spears She has two daughters.
Mrs. Ectherolt, whose husband was a minister. range to
Glinnell eight years ago She
has tired in Cowles as well as
in her present suite in Younltcr
“When i ﬁrss came I was told
to ‘click with the boys,” com.
‘elected .\irs. retherolt “They
in
had (driven out one households,
and when they round out 1
ot a monster I
or.
was the width
guess they decided they women't,
going to like me either because
they ignored me like poison.
One night they made the weird
est houses all night so that ii
don't put some out for a couple,
tr series or three
i ithc
‘ oi Christ Board for World \1In»
Walter A. Netscl‘lr Jr.
thnncllb nursing Library.
which opened in the tall oi 1939,
was built by the keith Co at
Des movies. Constructed ol le-
‘int'order concrete, with tricks
land gl' s. and completely air.
coriditioriod, it cost scan iron. it
has seating for 514 readers and:
three levels
content sleep I waste feeling
itoo social at the time and I began to cry in tiustratiori and
wonlci- if I really wanted this
river Then I thought to mylsclr, Aw. snap out of it, i won‘t
llet click buffalo me' So I necessary a word about my stainless
night and star-ted Campaign
Kindness to who the boys After
all, they don't need a watclrdog,,
they need someone to look attend
them." 1
Now porn Fetlierolt is an ass‘
center part or North
newly signed and their girls
for an evening, she units matters
‘ot‘ ski caps for the house pr .
cents ot the three calls she is
,~in charge ol, and has even inn
center a nose warner for one
or the now graduated boys
whose nose always used to get,
irozcii during cold weather- Her
latest project is a pair or Smilltcn fitness. for the W us
tion A pair Con~lots cl
matters one of which has
thumbs This allows for hand-
eric. ,
three;
trio}
Overseas Church Work Available
:similar
Campus ,
She relates the follows \the etcV
Page Fiva
lNex’i Vaccine roses Given Soon
The second oral dose oi Sllbin‘thcatl resident nurses, it is not
vaccine will be ghcn next necessary to take the times or
Thursday at 7 pm. in party the order tlmv are offered, Th
gym 'clips dose is tlic second in it the ﬁrss dose rtas missed.
can be taken a month pitch tie
trial in the son is taken.
Mrs Buys str see tire iinpcr-
‘dance oi the ﬁrss dose what-ii
company the first peer-alert
D Em: types oi solid
Tire final dose t be given
on Sunday, May at set-oral,
locations in the city oi clinical
Commumty center and
three or the schools.
According to ata
tr
overseas in
Virginia licrmann. a indie opportunities
church,
' e til the United clinical‘ ﬁends as teaching
social work
str,its will be available for
interviews next Fliduy iron‘ni
9-30 a..m until 2 pn.i in Builirrg Plolcztant.
while Thomas (economics) is
Tire Board is looking for per. handling Miss permanent ep.
im a
To quality, one must
‘ ons interested in .post-giatluzltc‘treatment schedule.
APRIL 19 —— APRIL 20, 1963
Today
8:00 i: m. Orchesls in Concert (Reservations) R0bcrt< Theatre
300 to 11:00 pm, North Campus Open Rooms.
10: 00 pm. Ditliyromb tTickcts at Dom) counsel Lounge
Tomorrow
5:00 pm, Orchesis
tions).
8:00 to 11:00 pm. Bridge and Table Games,
Main Lounge
Movie- “East or Eden” ARH.
College Church. Dr, admin T. Buehrer, T
taiwan Church, Chicago “A purpose for
Find It 01 Create It ” service Chapel.
3:00 pin. Coffee soul \with DI. BuehI'zen “The Balance of
Reason and Faith in Religion," counter Lounge
2: 30 to 4: 30 p In. Coed Swimmmg, College Pool.
1: 00 pm. Movi East, of Eden, AR, H Auditorium
73:0 1) m. Interlaith Stuzlv Group. “Islamic policy." Prol
I. H. ZUbPH, state university of Iowa, Science
faculty Meeting, ~12 30 D..I'n Science Lt‘CtulE Room ,
Lecture. Dr Arnold J Toynbcc. Heath Visit 1;
Professor 0] history, "Units of Study," He
Chapel
2:00 to 4: 00 P nI., lecture by reno\ quarter. Room 10-1. Fi- we
AItS Building. All IIIteIcstcd persons al'o invited to
attend.
Roberts Theatre. (R8>€t‘\ﬂ-
(Stag error
in Concert,
10:00 pm. auditor’cum.
11:30 a m.
.7.
Monday
11:00 a.m.
l‘ucsdny
1:30 p In.
8:00 pm.
Wednesday
11:00 am.
3:00 pan,
4:00 p,m.
8:00 pm.
Golf: G‘innell \‘s Carleton.
Concert: xerox quarter. roberts Theatre,
Library Building Award Program, with Lccl..re
by Walter A. Netsch. Jr
womens Orientation, A,.R.I-I Auditorium.
Hill Speech Contest, Youriker Lounge,
golden Lecture, Ron E, tracker. Chaplain.
forest Collcc “Tilllch and Faulkner on
Sippl," Spun. ed bV FI 5 Picnic]: Chapel.
members, Herrek Chapel
Lajre
Thursday
9 45 pm.
Friday
4-30 p.m
8,00 p m.
Lectu‘c: Dr Paul Shepherd. Knox College, "Sat-It’ll
Beha or of the CIow," Science 125.
Collceri' Department 01 Music. photo‘,
Mustcum, and Orchestra. RobCItS theatre
invited)
, AR H
college ii;
{Public
nudity cum.
Movie deficit interface
10:00 1) In.
 
holding when skating or out of
doors in Coltl weather
ACM Consid rs War/ass World
Students from ten private liberal arts colleges in the mid
west including six brown print
well, will content at Wing.
spread, the convenience center of,
the Johnson Foundation in mae
line, Wisconsin, [or a twmday
conference April 19720 The dell
states are Marilyn Alt, Jack
sherman, Steve proof,
coleman, Bob Patrick. Ellen
search and Dr. Paul Smith They
will discuss how problems that
traditionally have been dealt
with by means ct war might
be solved it war was no long—
er available to the nations or
the world as an instrument of
national policy. They will also
consider what new kinds
problems might arise in
wake of enlargement.
Larry :
of:
the authors of a symposium which that seem most
the “Saturday‘
,t The conference is being code
‘limited by the Associated C01pieces ot the Midwest with the
lcoopcration of the Johnson
Foundation or marine. Each ol
the ten colleges will have six
student representatives participating. reporting the carrier
since will be three lecturerRobell w. Gibson, President 0
1plymouth College, plymouth,
Illinois will
chairman,
Walter cialis ol the Center-
[or the Study ot democratic Institutions, The Fund [or the R94
public. will speak on “oi-“der
and Change in a WarlessWorld"
at the primary session on Friday0
evening. Mr cialis is one of the
l is appearing in
he the conference
-Rcvien" on the subject “Tar‘
war-d a War-less World" to which
about twenty outstanding authorities will contribute
w-assets w. frontier. Director
of the Economic Research Proj-
‘act, Harvard University, will be
julie speaker on Saturday more-‘
iirg He will speak on “The icon
rrernie Consequences ot Disarnr‘
amend.“
On Saturday evening the con-
‘science will hear Dr patrick;
L robertson, Director ot.the
Research Foundation, Color-add
state University. He will speak
on “Peace Reseai i." His pr 5»
‘relation will provide a review
research on matter-s related
to world peace now under way
eIin united ties and the israeli
. pressing and
amenable to research.
 
LARGE
ASSORTMENT
OF
SUMMER SANDALS
$3.99 TO $6.99
STRANDS SHOES
 
3411/70 pA—[ll’lﬂdé‘lﬂl
For Drugs to make you feel better
When: Personal Service; is our Mott)
WANTED
RECENTISSUES
 
 
The SBrB needs some back issues of this year:
No 'lO—Nov. 23. 1962
No. 12—Dec. 7,. 1962
We will pay for these
Contact Jim Hatfield ext: 561
 
 
 
 
Friday. April [9, “763
 
John Edgren leads the field in the 220 ,
meet. Mike Dewitt, leading over the hardly is
By Len Calodney
5&8 Sports Editor
The Pioneers, holders of the outdoor and indoor interference track crowns, will be going; for their fourth
st tight next month iii the MCAC outdoor meet at Carleton. Although they have taken the last two indoor titles
quite hanging. they captured the outdoor championship lib
money nine points last year, and it will take all of‘ Coach
Dick Young’. reserve depth to Win this one.
Why should tile outdoor meet be harder to win than.
lthe iiidoo . There 2 '0 two main factors responsible here.
'lFirst of all, the G‘innell track sound has sufficient depth
v rd lows in the track team’s intel'sqliad _ I _ ~ _ . _
second, and Ron Schachel. third. lthat it doesnt miss its performing out for other Winter
In the meet with leaves divided on a class basis, the seniors were victor-runs with.51301'l55 as much as Imny Conference schools do. recently.
points, closely followed by the sophoinlorzs’
iors followed with 22. Twelve intel‘squad re'odds were set, three of them by Fred tel
3.]. The freshmen scored 131V and the juumalthough our indoor utilities are poor, the 90 yard oval
ill] the V open’s Gym at least provides a place to run, and
who won the 100 in 10.1, the 220 in 21.6, and the 110 in 51.3. Edgren was a doubicland winners to practice timing. Most conference schools
winner taking; the highs in 13.7. and the lows in
WANTED: One numerous
Animal Life
writer. Apply to THE
Animal, Box 67A.
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
our laboratory.
conduct- Lenses
CASES AND
someone
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses. O.D.
Optometrist
Across from Post Office
 
area’t even this for mate.
In the thick of the battle For first again will be large—
‘I tell and Cornell. The girls are led by shot potter John
‘ ' Tliiel, whose 49’2” leave tl s season is about eight inches
nlma I e above the Conference mark, and two middle distance men,
‘Bill settings and Chuck Brooks. Both settings and.
tin: ”“3 game was Tom weather Brooks should be at the two minute mark by the time of
umpirlng in his “grandfathers the Conference meet,
““dm'Sh‘l'l-n The Cornell standards include high bumper Mike
games being cancelled yesterday, Gates art-c a Tour year trade- Creightcn. hurdlcr Dick Lzmdis springer Bill french. and
igu‘there [prospects look much 39‘an Mgilidla‘y :alien they beat older Bill Dl'excel.LDi'esselt eggEdPPioneer Rodi Pébrown for
big er 0 ay, l I) e - . t was the iii-st le (cross-corn ry op spa, ll grown event ie series
, . trance Gates has won in Soit- by heating- dresses in the mile in the indoor meet March
[62:13: ﬁliithfgweaéﬁosgmgf. $215311 m tour year“ 11‘ These two should put on another good show when they
sudan-earl: thereafter oninltwn Why iivi chairman never, "““iduelrinﬁbogg “‘9 Mlle E‘IKBFEO’INIG “sms 1“ May- h
sun e date aqua s on, are for reflection dept: Lari Bcldn )0 l mix and St. a have young teams wit in-
;and Cowles. ,new, clark short center builder. divisions that could surprise the established stars. The Si—
:WRS CH’Clmg under a his” tWO‘trash coast Jim Seag‘o, who could win points in almost
gage11220332133“g‘iiiﬁgel‘inf:many event, list would specialist in the high jump. The
The l;2all posted out‘oi Bold? three way big'ht lietween Grinnell‘s conference cheap
nor-S grove, hm he made a bare_,event RogersmnCreighton. and Seago in the high Jump “'1”
,handed star, and granted theibg an interesting one to Watch. Two sophomores Knox
3 In the most exciting game ofjban for the out. Who could putlllllg’lit get some action from are hilrdler Art Ixatzman and
the week, West detected North‘up with shares like that an two;qillirter-miles Dennis powers. >
,21-20 in eight ratings While 3’33”? i The Oles also have a fine further in Ron Dahleii, and
3.32.3‘iieb2log‘2i :Leslgigcleﬁgi Doug McLean 9f Lang“ iiiﬂj broad bumper, who might pi e Pioneer Gonfei'price king
.IM clean‘man pete Barry )was Undoubtedly the biggeSt licckler Lola carroll a run for his money, Dave Dialielm.
:overheard saying something like, ‘1“: the JCEEUBHNT‘ only (lid he! plymouth has one returning Conference cheap, Fred
just wait till we see the Am- 13,}: la" b”: 1‘5 ‘3‘“ 1° Safe“ cheaper who won the 220 yard handle event. Ron Wilson
“”y- “ ‘9 35° W" thelwho placed second in the begin last year, Will also be
trial column this \week' West . . .
, o t t . .l ,.
beats North. Well here it l5~ic5§tiuii~liiiiii 30¢ ﬁt: ga‘cﬂisnsx; b ck. “1th the boost of several sophomores, the scott also
Pete, Just like you wanted it. Hm Mac ﬁend during the week ,fig’all'e to be tough iii the distance races.- _
THE ‘initial has heard a ru.t liable claims the league hate, Lu hence has probably the best springer m the C011for that North is protecting [hcltlllg lead with a .518 team over- defence iii Don Kersemeyer, who spent a year abroad last
game on the grounds that “listings. They have been caught at season. As a sophomore he posted titles of 9.6 and 21.0 in
used 3“ 1110531 players Howwel‘, 1235‘ 0““ 5° {3" “Wing ‘0 Pad it the 100 and 2 0, but this \‘end has yet to go under ten
‘th valid“). of am charge ,5,This occurred in the Gates seconds. '
l
t e, 10 be see _ thumb] 1 game when 1M Chairman Mike , . l V. . . , _ . _
”3:10“ imcrcmn: Y home” [01d Randy banking-t0 lead» simon has two point winners in eight men Gaiy
. both meet record times.
 
By THE Animal
The iii-st hill week of softball
ended on a daily note with both
Monday Clark ran up 10 runs
in a first ending in which every—t
inc but safely, and a season' 1
:high game total of 22 in deicatrl
‘ing Langan by 16 runs. 1
highlight our-
 
 
BO REIMER
CLOTHING
Local-ed near
ti '1 t ' ' r - , . . . . ,
‘hﬁwr him‘newﬁ Cﬁ,,m‘,hf,j§ “for will be reading Wltli Pioneer Gene flowers for the top
By the way, don‘t forget the.spot in that event. springer Vic texas also has looked good
golf meet April 29. There “unit!” the EMS»
probably be some good storiesl It will be interesting to watch these performing to
in it too. {see if they live up to their like-season potential.
PATRON'ZE Honor G Clublniiiaiies len Men
ADVERT|SERS The Honor G Club tomiaiiy;nor—meeting in the private did—
‘ing room last Thursday, April
ll The new members include:
Dave Sellergren, Randy Morgan,
Toni Bucliliollz, Len Calodney,
'partner paul, Ralph Pray, How-
’arch Scheln, Ken Clymer, Dick
Ulrich and Frank Chilingulo.
Athletes who earn their lot
or during the spring season
will be initiated next tall.
The last Honor G social nine»
tion of the year will be the an—
null sports bouquet for mem—
here and dates. Tuesday. April
30, at 6:45 7 Cowles. Winners
of this year's spam awards will
be announced at [hill time.
 
all an ending betting, and the davis and high juniper \billy Alexander. Both of them
Dihbionian hit: a double How- were out for winter sports and did not compete in the
ever, he was immediately clcclar- ‘indoor meet.
{9“ 0‘" “’l‘e" 1‘ “’35 discovered Beloit has two fine shot men, Mike Wolf and heaven’h“ he had made (he ““31 Du“weight wrestler Henry Eckstein. Pole counter Gary Greissr
Cool walking
shorts in a wide
range of colors
and patterns.
t
l
.initiated ten men into the athr
arctic organization during a did‘tr
 
t
\
8-WEEK CAMPING
TOUR
ot Europe
6000 miles by erpsgr,
‘minerals'. including
all meals, escort, and
screens special events.
only $479
GRINNELL TRAVEL
CENTER
YES
Alirvano's will deliver llie best Pizza in town
living how- to your door.
Tel. 236-6222
Strand Theater
 
 
 
 
 
 
Friday, April 29, I963
”SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
Simpson ﬂefeais gametidiim Will 8 times in rights
uy Toni Fullnier
s to a small Writer
A disastrous rights ending
stopped an otherwise time pioneer
wtloll anti led to an 8-4 sethaelt.
at the hands of Simpson Col-i
love. ’
Going into the rights winning,‘
the Pioneers held a +0 let
and were sailing along on they
line matching of sophomore right-
handed' Barry Anderson. Then in row ski (mg out two Simpsonlin the sixth as phil King wins non"s of
the rights Anderson weekends
'md before believed Clll Collie]
could get settled down Simpson‘
had scored right big items.
loaded the bases
Simpson in
.single, a walk, and another sin:
Tennis Team $70th
The
\i'high
Pioneer tennis
detected BClott 7,2 91.
last Saturday, meets}
here at 1 tomorrow.
Belnil. prince‘ll won the‘
ﬁrss tour singles matches and
‘1” three douglas matches, i
Pioneer Gllv Ashton iron the
number one singles, 3.5, 6:2,
o‘i'ali Frank Meet. Jim Smithis
joined the Belolt number we
man. Tom Powell. 6-2. 6-3.
Larry Shannon and lab Bram-
tcaiii, 1
At
t two ermt ,x’
iMeyei-s, ti
iiioii and jones heat Bioii ii hand
«la Fl‘itsch
blottelil in
Called tune and
collect t'join l'lglll
title to iclicvo the timing An—
prison. soldier had trouble gel-
tiny started. Two wild patches.
Slnelctl. and then went to second when an attempts‘d pi
out throw went viii-i Jiin Jciilis
then followed ﬁltd it atm- producing single, l
a passed half [out w s, and In the ﬁtth Art peterson viii.‘
palm gave Simpson Died. went. all the “fly to \inc‘
inns A double drove iii thoion Coliici s saudiﬁce butt down
nfl two runs at the ending be the third base line and scored
tone soldier toiind the groove on a wild pitch .
and ratio-ed-three battery in The tliiid Grinncll riiii came-
em. 13 inch to the plate in thetgled and went to second as diet
ending hall necessarily got by the
Gllnncll scored single runs in light. ﬁelder tie \was tliiicii in
the ﬁist with sixth, and see-‘on a single by daily Anderson
enth ratings soldier, who start. The ﬁnfl Gllnnell score comic
nine in light. ﬁend scsi in the seventh rolling coupled. i
ed the ﬁrss Pioneer run. HoiAn inﬁend single by Wayne calls
son got the other two Grinnell matches went three sets
singles win, heating penny Against Di-alto Ashton anal‘
Brown. cal. , 074, and John Smith will again play iiiiniheisi
0—4. i-cspectiiclv one and two. Tht: other
Ken Clvm lost to zoloft’s players in the match still h
John Luther. 5.4. 6-1‘ and Bob determined bv the rcsiilts 03 an
lewis still‘fred the other irish intro quad total‘dmeltt played
well defeat, losing to Bill }iCCk.i(i\|lH the wcelr
6-3, (3-1 playing in the
In douglas , ,
about Mcci and Powell. ““"mm‘" “‘1'
haiti-associate
Ashton and Bmm- Shannon i
Slitiii- be
‘Clmkc.
and atm
Ed Hill. Dick Metzlcl’.
Vicycn . i
beat Luther and neck. All three Schwartd. i
ei0it lit opened
three ”
.ii
‘thomson. planner. men-es, Chip.
moved him to thus Ht; SCOICLllmghlli ending cellular, the dean a ll) still by Jim Jenlx sense was e\collect
“her the ctttLher (lloppctl the‘
ha“ m K, pm, at the NW The starting linear for Grin-
one“ the “on”. “m”... ( meinch was 1b. Jenlrs; 2b, Diclt
and the ball game item. lulric ss, Peterson, 3b. King:
Coach John pritscli pointed}lf board cum". Cf penny
out several height points in the H _E c U. f ' A d .
contest inc \\ cspcciallii ““55“” ‘ D ‘9" ”t “ “-
pleased by the shopping ot An isbn: 0 Gem
person who kitchen seven in i p ..
to T esla a ti
shuttle. b'ﬂl againsti ”m u I y: gmt is
a solid Simpson club. Gl'lonely ‘Squad ”“9”“ a “0‘" “M" knitting, which had been a ques pays started that Jim Fisher
tion mark at the beginning or had suicide a broken mini when
the season passed another lllll’r he was M by a mm, m a pm.
due as the Fioneels once a, gain‘m session
oiithit flickr opponents And exvi °
, i .
the two cialis in twiki clinical opens the convergence
season tomorrow as they are
shorts to Cornell for a doubleheadct beginning at. 1 pm Due
to a change in conference rules.
both games wiki count in the
‘standings and both will he see-
tiny. cn-ending contests.
t
iiiii
rt
it
n
E
niitti t(.i tiotiiiitii John riiiitli
to
.t,
(m
t~tits 000 {Mt
lilllUlllﬂt) t it
rtiiry Aiiiieisoii (an ctrl
but-no min», .1 in R1“
iiiitt lion mate.
ittii, ii t. 't
t. throw
ali/Vt
live
tlti
deti itiit John m
K \haiti, \t'ooti-i tri
data not itoii
tlti
DDL‘IH. ion .visit
id Ptmt-H
iiitt
\ieiii
iiti llc
lctl., h,
dt-tc. i-tt Utrh “M s,
Geimj on
Picnic?
tiioiiii - iii
 
t
Goit‘zero Down i
Monmouih and}
Knox in Meet"
led by
75 sweet i
The pioneer holders.
medalist Rick \tillci-s
by Knox and plymouth lists
Saturday in their ﬁrss center-l
cnet tiiangiilar meet or the seal
son.
Playing on Knox’ home course]
at Galeshurg, ill the Giinncll
linksmen detected Knox 114,
and plymouth 11%»3h1.
Contributing to the Grinnelli
\‘ictoly in addition to i vtitlei
were Dave Sellergren, Russ cal-
(len, Rick seller and Mike miller'.
Tomorrow the team travels to
Rochester, Minn, to take on St
mat in a dual meet i
GlthNELL-KXDV
Diie pollution not
lhiiid. . l.
itoteatett Litir i
ability- tax tlelezttetl J‘im atit-charts.
Pete mining tlti dctrau-tl note ILtr.
their. ~l-U.
click tt:i iicteatetl inweli Div
itinilaiiit tlct'i items . i
not. tel
(HUNN‘ L-‘lON\iULTI|
.mirror afternoon at. the Bowla lhﬂnd_
'all possible
data/(L/ ‘
9067,1425
By Lynn Deiizlcr
i At'for outstanding pcrtorinancies at the Cornell liclays, the
iii-iiincll finder-nien travel to
lCettar rolls on Saturday for the
participation is the big avoid‘SCI days "-‘l “mm" em“
in (he m “mm ms week TM which attempts outstanding tennis
young mdmdua, spank have‘fi'omlilinois,10\\z\ and Missouri.
started as lime the final quad Track pole‘s Nelmuust Mm
SPWS "‘63‘5- .south at. oil'ksville, Monkato
The ﬁrss event is the bowling state Teachers and Northern ,1.
tournament scheduled for tar iinois University will be on
The follow-ing T-tiestlay
Grinnells tieshman and var’say
tiaclc teams will lace SCI in a
dame
team ot ﬁv
knows going
timber of pi .
or bowling must be completely At the Cornell delays there:
y the end 01 the tournament- were no point totals lccpt but
Next Tuesday events” WI” beiGlinnell clearly nominated thcj
the Quad Suilnming Meet in the meet, dining ”me of m
college pool. Each participants
must have taken part in at leastlli‘DS ““1 ﬁmmSh‘“? 556°“ m,
one practice session These - ;another first in the mile ion
signs are been? held by indiana— lay With a time of 3-274 felt.“
“”1 ““1“ ”“= "69“» John Edglell. Bruce Beelioid._l
are also trying‘Jei-i Langlmm and Fred Beig. i
tennis participation
to be completed soon Twentiminutes at play is required
The newly elected wRetiivcie Tom DeBeig,
board members will talks orei lBeckol'd and Bet-g,
then-duties following the utilities‘ i
an May S. The some” WNW John button Paul batteries:
ment “in probably not be sche. and Bocltord wcie inentbeis oi
path hall can enter
e iiieinlaers, iritli tops
to the
is-
IM chairman
1"
Ed
team whose time “as
pioneer! hittclads Take first‘ ,
in Trio 0T events at Cornell .
,good for 3rd in the mile an
party bingo‘s throw ot 104’ 9
copper 3rd in the ijavelin,
\members ol the \lctotiotls SSW
naked goods?
Buy your cakes.
Hungry for 9091:!
cookies. and salaries
from
mostly;
not...
540,9
923 Broad St.
more Fred Arnold. keyword anti
Dchi-g,
There were run Glinltellians
who placed in the individual
events Gene Kowcrt with a pole
vault of 12‘; Bob carroll with 2
bread rome at Zl'll"; and Kent:-
i
‘t
i
i
anderson
G 2' all
with a high jump 0.
tool: seconds.
 
i
i
t
Rod Bionns time at 4:31 W; 1
St. Paul's student- center
EPISCOPAL
. Sundays—s a.m., 10 am. and 4:30 pro.
 
o Wednesdays—7 a.m., mechanism
- bridges—1:30 1!.nl., mechanism
a Daily Ofﬁyes—9:15 sun. and 4:30 p.111.
Ft. Preblc, oscar and Chaplain
 
 
 
in. tri. iiaioiioii ‘ClHlEd with calls playing against the No. Me teach “inch faced
calls as in the past but oppori by Langhams 2:007 aiiehoi
. .utility i ill be extended to those mm won in 3.11.4 Fimghmgi
girls who want to play softball
seéand in «151 Second: \“are the
- to {01m teams and scheduled
games. members of the “D relay'. Fred
VlSiT
.skilled sci initiated tiiiiiiit
't)
tt-ii tue tit-toilet nice .
 
ltirli iiili.i- ttii rteieiteil robin "iw
\\ instance ttoi'riieii
1.0,
(M)
WANTED
Students
conservative
(LARGEST
 
Cnnservnﬁve
form YAF or
campus and to
paper.
Free literature and Convert
groups on
start a conservative
lion in organizing and pitch-
ninlz For both will be sun-
NEW
GREETING CARD DEPARTMENT
EVERYDAYS
CON-TEMPS
IN TOWN)
WRAP
"Buy Quality Instead of Name"
AT
THE
OUR
SELECTION
 
tried free at charge Those
interested. write 2. J. McCal-
cum. In, Pool Box 1780
VARSITY
 
Bridgeport, Conn. call
prison 4—9471 collect.
or
.1 n.‘ a to now open it it. new qu-hl lnznlion—nbaﬂ (roll: ttie smart
 
7:30—10:00
EVERY DAY
 
 
 
Page right
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, April I9. I963
 
pro wn Tel/(s of Grinnell's Progressive Reputation
Ed Note: This is the last in a two-part
hy Phil Brown, who spending; his
year abroad.
ser
jIIIIioI
and tried
One of the i did l :isoiis I feel that Grinnell is worthy of its growing reputation is that
It is growing — and growth means change.
This change must cookie not only from a drop
g‘i'es e. alert administration, but is to a great
extent the responsible y of the most vital part
of any institution of learning, tale students. The
students must be aware enough to make their
college years confirm to their personal academy
ie. intellectual and cultural interests. It is my
convention not that the student IUIOW best how
to execute tllemselves, rather that the student
should be allowed to be or should be viewed as
being mature enough to indicate to lIiilIsell and
‘follow for himself the college and manner of
study he desired; otherwise learning' becomes
colllpulsory r they than soon'ht after, secretary
instead of vital and stimulating:
It is all too obvious how this compulsory at-
but to
what an
DI'CSSLll'el
allows a
legs is 5
serves a
mailing'
The
Europe 1
incl lines, liar,
college is ideal for travel illto all of Europe.
tiLInle towards learning appears as apache not
v in colleges but in the Ame
as a whole.
In ,
on when we are still
after younger even
I?
it is
l
tel what is being‘ said.
College ot'fees
ique po. iliillty ot‘ finding a
rss SCmHlCEKIellllc
great deal of freedom for i
study and interests within a stable framework
of lectures and living facilities. The whole cold
all'
5 living quarters, clay-coin,
etcl Tile location
most undertake aspect at th
is the varying nature ot‘ the carrier and attitude of the 25 students which make up the College. salt are from America and half are from
Ind England, and we l'him a
low
english to open a boot; in order to learn some-
thing team it; not Just. to links what is written,
I'
Albert Schweitzer
atmosphere
contained in one large lion.
it)‘ of all unusual type which is sometimes (lee
velopiiig‘, sometimes static, and varies in its
total attitude, kinds and degree of personal
contact and creative accomplishment as much
with the year course as a whole as with the
individual.
One of the revolutionary l'acts for a biblebelt social estonia julie Griunell is that individuals 01 college age can live together internationally, coiliabitationally and co'everytliingelsely without general moral declaration, an—
compilation. or anatomy scotia in (even with
8‘1 beer sold in the house). The amazing fact
is that people can he as mature, or whatever
the hell it is, at 18 as they can at 50 without
a breakdown of order if a stable but not too
restriction or ambi 'agent Wohiiungsi'allm is
‘ table.
(lilqu its about Albert Schweitzer College
may be directed to Richard Fort, the secretary
of the college, or myself).
li-culture
item new
level
a somevirtually
which
individual
se which
library,
i of the
e college
combine— Phil Brown
 
leinalisls Named ‘
» I Barbara
Doll McKinney, sen or editor of the iturday Evening:
Post speaking at the annual spring initiative dinner of
nigeria Delta Chi and 'llieta Sigma Phi.
‘ lesson, Roger
g in Hill Contest
Five men and
have been named nnniius .n
the inn Speaking Contest selling B. rider (speech) has rm
'connect
The conflicts
ﬁve \\ open
are Tom ChrisChristensen, nav
ry Hoﬁ‘man, dance Oppcrmdn.‘
Joe Thompson. Ann Dclugacli.,
Peterson, Bailbarai
,Srhweulr, leg Siltley and Call)
'Iyn best.
The ﬁnals of the Hill contests
Ivlll be held at a toilet: linux"
tin counter Lounge nlilch uII;
take place Wednesday m 4 pm, l
 
Hatfield Receives National Award
at Journalistic initiative Dinner
The spring initiative dinner local insurance company; Craig
and matrix Table for the cam- Henderson, president of the focus journalism societies, Sigma dirty, Alan (ticket) Holmes
Delta Chi and Theta Sigma member or the college inhuma—
F'ni was held Monday in the than service; the newspaper
private dining room of Main Fund, Inc.: Paul morris, ’27, ediHan, Iicr—publisher oi the Mai'shallr
Following dinner, humans—”0W” T‘“‘°S‘tel’“bl‘c““i “‘1
tion of guests. new Inenil)ei's,‘Bluc,e Pmlmid Tdh° guy Spef‘l"
and cancer-s, awards were pie-”K“? 3““ e f‘" ““0””
chapter membership
central in recognition of disliu-L
twisted service to the campus Theta Sigma Phi voted awards
'lo hold Hatfield and James
and to .journalism. The evening
Gcoige as well as to marilyn
address, “The Function of a
Mass common sagem sdhs, pre ‘.dcnl and Ruth those
full advised.
was given by Donald McKin-
new, senior editor of the cal» Newly elected articles of Sig-
today Evening Post, Imﬂ Delta chi are Ken Scliiff
Bill picks,
‘ , api'evident-ti'ensures
Jlm Hatfield former editor,vice-president; and hurt Lamb.
0‘ the charles and 31““ “Cell" secretary The sprint! initiated
ed the national Sigma Delta Chi 3,0 m, my, 1,,“ Hmog Jun
award [or the outstanding male PA on, and Joe Thompson
graduate in journalism. He also
received awards ircm both came nudity Hand
put journalism societies. ”95mm
liar next year. Kathy Elliot ls
Other Sigma Delta Chi‘vice-president. The s p r- r n g
awards went to James George, pleased are Lynn Dcnrlcr and
public relations director for a before coleman.
\v as elected
of Theta sigma Phi‘
YWCA Officers,
Cabinet Named
The newly elected officers or
the YWCA“ are Ann Bacon}
president; Donna Dagenais. vice
president; Sandy both, studies
committee; J o e n Ci'ossman,
treasurer; and bottle house, seen
rotary.
appointed members or the Y
cabinet include. marion paper-l,
freshman commission; airline,
seller, community service; harbor-a Jean Davis, worship;Lynn
Denzler, publicity; Sue BeuschJ
cr, was representative; Evelyn
ICorsrnr, Uncle Sam's; and Mar—l
gy Mayeda social chairman.
Religion Board
insects Officers
I
i
t
l
l
l
 
The acid or
hub'stay, elected Paul Coui -,
'lght president, Linda Kicpin-‘
gel' secretary, and Eldon brand
tr'1ensures
The new oniccrs will serve in
llheir positions [or one year .
Religion, 1
 
APPLICATION FORM
Please provide Accident and Hospital insu
of $5.00 is enclosed.
Student's Name
parent's Name
Parent's Address
 
Did You Forget Your Summer Insurance?
daughter during the summer period 1963. My check in the amount
5”“ Ramsey Insurance Agency
(Coverage only available for students returning to Grinneil next fall)
range for my son or
 
Grinnell.
Iowa
 
 
recreation,
young’z to Debate at Williams,
"Elected to National Society
Paul G Kuntz (philosophy
and religion) delivered a paper
“John winds mortality oi oi
dcrs,” at a session oi the Amer»
iron Catholic Phllosopliieal Asv
held during Boston
issues raised in an article by
Glenn finder, professor of gave
,content at Massachusetts State
University.
Rcccnlly, Kuntz was elected to-
a soul‘royal‘ term on the council
College's Centennial Colloquy. ‘0‘ ”‘9 “eval’hi’s‘cal 5mm °‘
America timing the organizer
0“ Apr“ 23 Km“ ”"0 ‘5 °" tions meeting in Atlanta, Ga,
108W 5mm the college this 50* which Kuntz attended. On this
chester‘. ill be at William Coir trip, Kuntz also spoke at Hm:
legs, where he will debate theyﬂrfoi'd and Bryn Mawr Colleges
 
 
DANISH MAID BAKERY ,
HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
oil/e’or’ order source/f to
merry-stopping S/ip-OnS
bush replies
BREATHlN' BRUSHED PIGSKIN CASUAL SHOES
BY WOLVERINE
Men's $9.75
'Women's $3.95
syndrome bush replies “Trlm Tap" slip-on: made to calcium
the holiday and the coming new year in soil comfort. Decorative
plastic brand increases the good looks that last, thanks to special
banned-in protection against water, dlIl, even states. When
these manuals get dirty or stuffed, a mere breaking makes ’em
new again. And you'll be amazon at lheu lightweight. Now in
all men's sizes and latest colors.
him
ALSO:
Golf Shoes for men and women. $12.95
ARNOLD SHQE. inc.
 
 
 
 
