,privilege Adds 23 New Members
to National Phi Beta happy Rolls
Twenty-three Grinneii College
seniors were announced today as
newly elected to membership in
Phi Beta happy, national home!“
are scholastic society,
Their membership cc
were presented at the sp big Phi
Beta happy chapel program by
R, joined- Norton (history) press
event of the Grinnell Phi Beta
happy chapter, assisted by the Robert W. kai-rili, consist
chapter secretary Guillermo M. Karen Hillix, maihcmati
vendors (biology). The chapel Larry J. somalia, art; Beverly
speaker \as Richard s. West- M, mailing, sister nokia M
fall (lists y) on “Not Two will- Koloski, history.
3:1,? mm 0"“ °‘ “ H“" l Margaret I-I Mai n, biology
Carol A. Miller, English, Phi o
The new elections bring to 27 T. portion, biology, Hollis A.
the total niniberot colors elect-iScoﬁend, sociology and anthrols
l
i
l
The 23 new members are Paul
R. Ashley, English; E. Ann‘
Black, French; Allen S hosting
lists ; honda M. grammar,,
English; Margaret A prefer,i
English; Michael A, Burr, Eng.
list; Nancy n. Coleman, his
tony,
nudity L. Finn, German; John
W, origin, cheats biology
grinnell College
charles @Black
Oldest College News/paper West oi the Mississippi '
 
Vol. print
all. iowa, Friday. March l5. I963 No. 22
 
ed from this year’s graduatingpology Larry F. Smuckcr, hlSr ‘
class of about 235 members.‘tony; syria A. Sumptlon. Amcl
Four others were named last iran Studies; Susan L changes,
falliRoger P, and Thomas B English‘ Kirk W Van Rooyan.
christopher, Richard . Johnson, dialog marilyn L. best, Speech
and francis F. O'really. instruction,
agricultural. RoliorMay
Gives first' dec‘sure Tuesday
Dr. hello May,
New vol'k'“Existence: A New Dimension
City psychoanalyst. will be at in Psychiatry and Psychology,"
Grinnell College on Sunday, he is the author oi such works
Monday, and Tuesday as second as “The Art oi Counseling,"
guest lectures in this year's an. “The Springs of Creative virtual Gates Memorial Lecture ing," and “The Meaning or injuries. ty.”
His three lectures, all orwhich,
are open‘to the public without‘
charge, will be given in service Chapel as follows: i
t
t
t
cohen Elected ,
as CofHP Head i
Peter cohen was elected
CotHP President yesterday, as
81,8 per cent of the male students at Grinnell voted in the
North Campus election. 1
, _ Cohoii received 280 votes to
A noted authority on ethlqsi Robin Conversc's 229. cohen
psychoanalysis and academlCitllus received 55 per cent of
psychology, Dr, May is a lecturrldn votes cast. :
er and author in addition to being a processing psychoanalyst
and holding part-time academic
appointments at New York University, the William johnson
White Institute, and Columbia
University.
Dr. May was a
blindﬁly, 8 p.m., “substantial
Psychology and Human freedom."
Monday, 11 aim" ”Creativity
and Encounter."
Tuesday, 11
and the Problem
Knowledge."
tue, "serious
of Self-‘
“The amount ol campaigning,
in this election brought out both
‘issues and voters,” said the prev
‘ent roll-1P President, Steve Howe;
‘all, in commentary on the exec—
tion. He noted that there was
more interest this year in "lsteacher at sees” than in “possibilities."
American College in Saloniki, ,which marks a change from past
Greece, immediately alter his years.
graduation from Oberlin College , . .
- . i Also last Friday Marie Martin
‘“ 1930' and the“ engaged m'was elected AWSB President.
student counseling at Michigan D .
State University and City Col- She ““3”“ An" Emma“-
legs or New York. He has also‘ Miss Martin, Cohen and nowhere lectul‘ethics at save l oth~ 1y elected SGA President Jack
or universities. He received his sherman will form three courses
all.D. from Columbia in 1949. low the Executive Cabinet which
besides contributing chapters takes office after Spring vaca'
 
to various Volumes and editing
tion.
In the evening session
of the State legislative Seminar held Wednesday, Governor
H t-told E. Hughes (left) answers questions andrexchanges times with legislative leaders.
pictures are (left to right) Hughes; John L. flowers,
House
Republican floor leader in the
Robert W. Nation, speaker of the House: Raymond ireland, Democratic ﬂfor
leader lit the House. Sitting- at the fair right in the audience is Arnold Toyitbee, visiting
Heath professo
J
Key +0 iowa's jul'are
By Dave Baetz t
Sims Managing Editor i
Iowa Governor, l-harold E.‘
Hughes said here Wednestldyi
night that, “the number one
problem to be solved if Iowa is
to problem and grow, is the
critical need for industrial development "
Speaking before a crowd of
400 students, faculty, and guests
at the dinner session or the
State Legislative Seminar, nov.
error Hughes called for syndication oi the awarded image at
Iowa as solely a “farm state "
Hughes explained, “In an in—
district era, it is not enough to
be, as we still are, a leading
become a leading industrial
state For it is only by index»
organization that Iowa can solve
its economic and social proc-,
less." i
The Governor placed the
lack or industrial opportunitie,
in town for the great “outdoor
station of the productive por»
tion of our states population _
those in the ill to 65 age group."
Hughes went on to say that
if non-farm vocational opportunities are not provided within
Iowa, this periodically serious
‘oulsmigrution of Iowa youth will;
 
Three Grinnell seniors have
been named Woodrow Wilson
follows for 1953754 and a fourth
has been given renewable mention in the Woodrow
National Fellowship Foundation
annual recruiting drive low- col.
legs teachers,
The three Grinnell
are car i J Homoika, a major
in art history; Miss francis r.
a major in French,
follows ’
Wilson ‘
are intended to calculate entry
into college teaching as a career
at a time when there is a serious current and prospective
showcase of such teachers,
The awards are made p bible
‘through grants modeling $5. mllr
il
l
francis O'Rcilly
1 in history.
In addition,
‘ an English major, received hon—,
Larry Smuciier
oracle mention, ‘
Woodrow Wilson Fellowshipsi
of which 1,475 were awarded
this time, cover tuition and ices‘
not he iii-st year at the graduate
school oi the Fellow’s choiceii
plus a student at $1,500. wheel
Paul R. Ashley. '
lion from the old Foundation,
which since 19 7 has supported
the expanded Wilson Fellowship
program.
i
t
4
somalia
‘of our state."
, 'industrial era."
agricultural state: we must also,
i amy." ,
Hughes wishes Industrialization
undoubtedly continue and very‘and a more available tax sys—
probably increase. “The U S. teen."
Department of Agriculture esti» 0n the overall
males that only 8% of the farm Iowa's immediate future, the
boys of Iowa will become sun- Governor said, “Iowans and
Cesslul farm operators in the Chair political leaders must realnext ten years. The other minimize that. contrary to the com.
of the rural youth must seek men image of our state as preemployment in the urban areas definitely rural and african-
,rural, Iowa is now both an urCitlng some oi the i~oadbloclrs,ban and an industrial state and
that stand in the way of index-,'is becoming'more . urban and
trial growth in Iowa. Governor‘ more industrial. We may or may
Hughes sms, “One of the mosttnot like these changes, but we
serious differences indicating in»‘must recognize and understand
district expansion and growth this new character of Iowa and
in Iowa today is the audience the type and extent at the new
at a reservoir of skilled labor-,'problems created by these already for the demands of “motion—wide trends of urbanism
_and industrialization.
To solve this skilled labor: “Only if we understand the
problem, Hughes proposed exchanges social and economic
statewide system of “technicalzrealities in our state, can we
schools, with teaching states andimakc the adjustments necessary
physical facilities to prepare ourlto ensure an expanding future
youth for the employment op»i. 'its rising becomes for all of
communities of an industrial econryour residents." ’
The State Legislative Seminar
Further proposals to stimulatelwas sponsored by Grinnell’s
and support industrial expansion‘Program in Practical Political
picture ot
were, “realtor‘tionment, better Education. directed by C. admin
public schools and universities, Gilmour (poll. sci.)
 
theaters Win State Competition
theaters from Grinnell college won the state debate title
the past weekend at the Iowa
frorensic Association tournament
3.3 +0 begin
M/wednesday
i
The drama “J.B” which won
the Pulitzer Prize in 1959 for
author Archibald Macleish goes
on stage in Roberts Theatre next
Wednesday evening at 8. Direct.
ed by Richard D. Meyer, the
production will be repeated
through Saturday night.
Steve Brooks, purchasing J13
a modern counterpart oi the Bi —
local Job, heads the college cast.
Other performing include Al
ilaoston, Ken Freedman, carb
,deals. Karen ati-asset, Robin
jKonikow. Donna Jo bailey. Relbecca I-will, Gretchen Roecircr,
Pam Dryden, Barbara Shiiley,
,Johnnie Ruth Edlnondson, Sam
,Schuman, Stu During, Sam
Grossmun, Bob Shepherd. Bruce
:McConachie, and Barbara loop-
.er.
Tickets for all play performances must be obtained at the
{Fine Arts price from 8 ant, urttil 5 pm.
Making Top Tournament Record
Three Get Fellowship awarded
held in Dubuque. ,
Competing against some 17
other Iowa colleges, two Grin—
well teamsecomposed of John
Williams, senior from Sterling.
all.; dance Opperman, sophomore
from St, Paul, Minn; Phil Johnson, sophomore from inventory,and John Black, freshman from
Storm Lake~compiled the tours
parent's top record, 771,
Opperman and Johnson were
also members at the team which
won the University of Chicago
National Debate Tournament
held in November. They were
the only team to go interested
at this meet.
Two OTHER Grinnciliaiis received centsﬁrates in individual
events. They were Cherie joined,
freshman from Muscatine, for excellence in history and interpretation of poetry; and w. Rich.
and shade, freshman from
loxi, M , for excellence in e. —
tcinporaneous speaking,
During the remainder ot the
forensic year at the college, the
theaters, coaches by William S.
Vanderpool (speech) will host a
team {mm the University of
Glasgow and send representatives to the national Delta Sigma
who tournament at the driver-
.site of Michigan.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. March I5, I963
 
 
David right‘source
charles‘ and Black
GEINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, low:
a Weekly newspaper published each i iy or the colleges
null Committee on Student Publ iiioiis, wn.
un. chmcnicd for nncinnni niliciiinm:
sing Service, Inc, College Puhl here men—
Forum For percent
Interest in the broadcast was suiuciem lo
resellinli
cuts postage paid it Grinnzll,
her school yzzlr.
inwn.
i-cmrm:
JUSINESS MANAGE“
, 18 East Gﬂlh Street, New Your 22, N. y, Second
Subscription mic slip
:viii limits
ciinniii Damn
, nine niim.
Lynn bull)"
.lclui win:
‘1 i wiiilcn ii
 
All letters to the Editor written for publication in the charles
and Black must be types (mil double spaces. No unsigned letters
Will be printed. However, writers' names will he \hills‘lPld upon
request. The 5&3 reserves the right to shorter any letter.
cohen
esterddy ll title, thin young lynn with an extreme
mlollut of brown hair was elected Col‘HP President. His
normal dress, lewis and boots, his Purl: Street residence,
and his hair style have resulted in his classifieds‘ion as a
i eat.”
\when Peter follow filed his application for CoIHP
silent. the majority of Grinnell students chuckled. Their
Coholl promised them the moon, and suddenly the North;
campus attitude became power.
woman promised what Grinnell students have long being
tiliuliing about: an end to llypocri 3/, rules which agree
with flowers american moral standards. follow, like the‘
other three candidates, campaigned for an office which
'world never before been actively sought. At first cohen1
specially invited an estimated to the ndmillistration:
“in the event that student proposals are vetoed, I think
it would be obvious that there is no student government.”
Cohen since that time has complicated his platform, and
has spoken increasingly of his responsibility as CoiHP
President.
But his election must conclusively SllOH' students, pure:its, facility and the alt‘lnllillsti'iltlon that the students at
Grinnell are not satisfied. They have voted for a change,
and Cohen is ohli
s:clients want did shell to bring his findings to the lid
ri'inns rl
rivers I old one
Ed note: ton one-cow in ii following _
title 11"cscuts background nlntcrldl tu inc pas
s'age oi‘ llic Mchrrzlu Interim! security Act.
' c following is the iii-st of a sciics on this
problem,
By Ron Goodcnow
isolated lions ‘inc icst oi the llorld by great
cccans and .1 {am oi cniunglomcni \\'ltll a Foridpi and document Europe, frontier Aincricn d .
related into what might he called n dcmociono
c niialistic society The prime chi sctcrislic at
in society has been its social inohiliy and unique
iiiddle class- political and intellectual ethic Es
generally. all Americans have had the same cute
I ok on society, there has been no class failed.
cl what diversity lhcrc has been. has generally
on destroyed by ossimrlohon.
Emphasis in the society has tindilioiinlly bccn
~faced on individual rather than national secure,y Aincricans hovc had a natural fear or "big
g crnmcni," “power politics" and the css of
violence to achieve political ends. Thc bchci
that man is a moral animal, an idea as much a
product of Enlightenment theology as a rcsuh of
the American experience. has ch us to believe
mon society ilsclr should be moral and rational.
Il is no wonder, then, the American people
have tcndcd to view llc conihclc with other
non; as idcologlc bottles, rucglcs bclwccn
ill and wrong. Quite obviously these contacts
vc l)CCn inc result ol w -l<(\d authorization
leaders, leading their innocent peoples, into \vilr
for inc last spanish of ends. As a icsiili. undoincciatic store allen icnd lo bu evil and warning
by their Vc‘ nature and dcinoc- pic sinics
(wliaicvcr they are) ucnccl’ul and mo nl
It IS sigilitlcant. that alter lighting ; cm untlollal crusadcs against removal iololiin inn pm
cds twice in H s contain , the Ullilod suites riltempted to establish dcmoc r y in inc vanquished
nations "ind returned in her traditional lsnlatlml,
fully expertise inc newly csiabhshcd peace to
he listing.
It is not difficult in see that many americans
have what might be called n conspiracy theory
of his-lord and international nil-ins, E\il man
<change (o dupc inc ups spelling people 01' inc
world into following lhcm don-u llic path of do-
collecting on the New York ne’wspnper strike.
radio—TV persian allen‘Hllntley has written,
“The.whole vnsl and varied spectrum of corp
medications ' a atlantic conversation, The your~
, artists oi radio and television those of the trade
, press, and those of the peripherals are all engage
, cd in a constant and including colloquy. We in
.clccti-onic journalism are indeed affected when
1one important participant in tlic center-sniion
suddenly falls silence' ,
Despite the fact that not too many people
know what a colloquy is,1‘luntley's point is clear
Radio and television can no more replace new
para s than newspapers can take the place oi
radio and television, Or at least that is the situation in the outside world.
At Grinncll the situation is different Thc
school newspaper is the only colloquy around.
the only “formal dialogue" that anybody can
hear The school had a radio station at one tune,
and the radio station was an important voice in
the college, But that voice slowly began to inch.-
Yet every once in n while somebody decided
to try reviews that voice, This happens whenever- people got urcd of the area’s commercial
radio programming. or on the occasion oi some
event which is mon-c effectively reported by radio
than any other media.
An excellent ccisc in point was the recent SGA
convention. Usmc makeshift and ludicrously outr
dated equipment. and going on the air hills only
voluntary notice. the old radio start decided to
attract many to the actual proceedings and~the '
radio coverage unmistakably contributed to the
spirit oi the convention,
Once again. however. came a standard constraint. The quality oi the transmission \was'poor.
Somc people could only i-cceivc an increasingly
female signs others coupon’t get anything at all.
But in con inst to the compatibility slight re<
posting done later by the 5&8, which didn't re
lease its next edition until a week afterwnr
the KGRW chart can be considered a success.
and the distinct advantages one kind 01' communications has over another were highlighted.
A radio station cock on the air with th written assumption that it Will he a public 56 ice to
its audience Thc nature or controversial radio
permits this pledge to extend in areas not gossip
big or a compete vc commercial operation, In the
middle oi a radio geography which is predomlnately canal in sound, ephemeral in interest
and pucrilc in content, a Grinnell College FM
station could serve as an intellectual voice and
a fine arts media or immcnsc cultural value.
As tlvs is being written. the Governor oi Iowa
is speaking in Cowlcs. On previous days this
semester, Arnold J. Toyiibcc has cppcorcd for Var
ious lectures, discussions and press conferences—
as have many other members of the academic
community. And because KGFM is not on the
air, many students and insulin members, not is
lted t'lr t to find out \l'built changes the
move its mar”. [01' the Burllllg
time. An eifcctivcr minuterbyrn
‘ With all but the visual expressions of llc over-
age specified was the result.
Ed. note: in the iollowingl
article, since Anku, n trim
well sophomore from human.
reviews n conference he attended (during Christmas vucm
tion.
The National Student Asscm-.
buy oi the YMCA and YWCA
held its seventh meeting did-m
Christmas vacation at the Unil'el‘slty of Illinois in Urbana
Moi-c than 600 generates rep—
reserved every state in the Union
and included 150 foreign slut
wants.
The purpose oi the Asscnibly
was to make the young pcnplc
award of and responding to llc
viiill chris , in the acid today.
The general (drama lies “Revolu
lion and Response." chen crucial phases or the world in r
caution wcrc explorer and some
highrranking government. busillcss and education cxpci-is helps
ed to anhlwc the issues under
consideration. Thc topics discuss—
ed in groups included ”local
lnmslicc." “The Dilemma or
lriiml and mirror. (E; .1Vlll‘l\vlll\0l“ll col mu"
m contemporary norton oi Cnshcl
Tlrc isolation of the Unilcd Status following
inc Second World Wm» r- - -trail lived and (he
hope shut inc Unucd columns and o hhoroicd,
Euro c could maintain punch soon laden into low.
us i ncu enemy rippcnicd The SO\'l Union inovcd no or . oi power vacuum in Ensicru Euiopci
ci-click by the inndcduzicics oi our diplomacy
llc input and for let government ol‘ only Chlnnu
Kaishch was di-i n front pic chinese mainland
bl licd armies. and Americans watched in horror
ns ilicii- ulnnuc weapons morocco bacon to ( =-,
apparel' hclorc Soviet developments. Commui .
parties extended in Wcslcrn Eiuopc acc‘disc oil
continental economic chaos and special uniionsl
sccmcd on the cargo of collapse, In reaction to
tools inc Umlcd States three old tradition nndl
oi'allowed llc Trumnn doctrine and Mn all Plan‘
as stop-gap measures and by mill Am ice was,
up to hc-- trees in another \world contact. l
condition and despite wcrc inmponi in wool
Amcri . in February reunion Jnscph McCarihyl
oi VVL music spoke for holly Ainciicnns when,
he said that “The reason wh, wc find oursclvcsl
ill a po icon oi iinpoicncv (in uucrimlionul one
l'au'sl i, not because our only touch- ll pollution
cccmy has sent mcu in invndc ur shorts.
rdihci; because or the trnitorous oi oi llc
“ho huvc bccn licence so well or this nation
The sun action that the Unllcd suites \ not
only i im cl n panasonic click inorcmcn bull
Illa! nolivc son \\'(‘I'(\ hcl dying ihcu nation full
ucic ‘ndccd r ooncihlc low our inisroi-iiiucs was
explicit
Slaw Dcpnrlmcut (inter to spring lo all biniuhcc
or covcrnincuii u; i» click by Conllllllmst‘
asli‘its and the unllonnl pnslinic became Red
hunting
Shoillv following llic oilbrcnh‘ni‘ llc Korcnn,
ll‘nr, nu: line by its lcd non-c onri ukraine
llc gui ’iciln tradition oi quick unit total mini.
la, . - _ ~ duo. up the lcmilmlls oi
llc l)l,\‘lol y iron Bill uni
turned ll EHIO lccislnion \\llli or at circuit‘ um
for american ci libcilcs and irnrniqnhon, llc
» - Inicmdl Scciiriiy Acl Scpicmbci
listed its
,court dcnncd
McCulthv_i)l'n(placed ‘clldellrll" t at the“ n
boys one more
'unlike coverage
potential
mention interested town citizens. are not gotten
ilic full advantages or the college's journalistic
‘ copyright Chet
picnic Power in a Divided
Worlds- “Urban Mass Culture,”
and ”Challenges to democratic
Ideas.” Every afternoon the
groups attended lectures which
wcrc ignored by discussion
units Apart from the section
‘groups, there were also response
groups. Each group talked in.
normally about whatever intemembers intel. Thgave us a chance to 1cm~n more
about other countries.
We were corporate enough to
have in our group a iorincr unit
version professor from Communist China. Through him. we
gained insight into some or inc
series and dcnicriis of the Come
nudist rccimc. His parents. who
were land owners. wcro started
to death, Alter much happening,
inc government “kindly” allow—
cd him to lcuvc inc country for
Hong Kong l-lc ﬁrely believes
that no amount oi hardship
could make inc Chinese
report against their lccdc
Cause the disappointed elements
In CollllOCllUll with the Case of
A\\’S slide'd l's‘ Welcll. heard
)ll'llch -’l the panel ‘ animal.
"Ll order
dust (is “that conduct which is
i ‘es‘visible to the degree that
it condos be appeared to bSon. whelllel‘ tllC li'region
is due to mental, emotional, or
physical unwillingness or lnﬂall'
llc to respond”
thu the conduct in question
is discussing by Its creation of
noise, the Court rules that do,
termination or whether or not
that conduct is disorderly owners
according to whether it is during
quiet or "noise” hours. During
quiet hours, the Court is oi the
opinion that any noise shows at
least an llnlvllllngncss or on liability to be guided by reason,
to act in accordance with the
establishing regulations. At such
times it is a mailed oi judy.
cells for in executive officer lo
hm»dcicrmmc whether or not the
c sturbzlnce is so great as to bc
ruled disorderly conduct rather
than simple lllcli oi considers.
tion. Thclnrincr is to bc pioscciu.
cd lhroiich the courts and [he
loitcr to hc handled according to
'l-lloyd policy, and llc di
section is mndc hy the sparc.
illelldi n, occur.
g “noise hours," however.
the C culllstzlnces are somewhat
‘dincrcnl. The prcynihug ailiuidc
and action in women's calls as.
games that any amount of noise
is legally allowed did'inn: times
other than quick hours
.ihcic is no designation of how
‘lnuL‘ll noise cnn bc much» and
Because
An/(u Views Student Assembly
have neither the means nor the
physical strength to rebel. He is
also convinced that the western
powers cannon accurately help
India to resist the Chinese. China’s atlantic army is so welltrained that only a small pop
tion or it was necessary to overall the Indian mountain de—
icnscs during the recent invasion.
The Assembly was not design—
cd to ﬁnd any absolute answers
to world problems. My improve
sign pitch the Conference is that
the answers to international and
social problems are not as easy
as they are often made lo ap»
year. I was checked to learn
from United States friends and
other i-elinblc sources that. in
suite of the great good s iplus,
sonic people in this country are
starting or are barely certain
ing themselves. It is often very
cost to live in a Comfortable
house all your life and Say that
the hungry people are lazy and
are not willing to help them.
serves.
all’igiiiildie Deﬁnew Qlilel Hollis
inc persons involved cannon
iiidgc whether or not they pos—
ihlv src signsﬁcastle discussing someone beyond all reasons
nblc limits, lha'Coilrl rules that
a disorderly conduct charge our—
ing "DOKY llotll's’ must be prev
added by an appeal to inc one
lenders jason and must be
based upon an representing ofnccr's judgment that the person
so charged is either url‘i'lllmS
or unable to respond to a i .
quest to close the action ludgcd
exclusively discussing by llc
executive officer.
oi course, actions defined
discussing in some way other
than by the noise they create
may be judges disorderly with.
out a preceding appeal during
"nmsy" as will as during quiet
hours.
In inlcrpreling the regulation.
which reads (Article in, Section
D, 2 or the Women’s House
Rules) ”The usual penalty for
a ﬁrss oncnsc or discs-der
dust on college properly
in: ircm notification is
the Court rules that notification
is not a valid part of the ba
low- determining whether or not
conduct is disorderly, but miller is simply n nccc, Eu'y condition for the legal proposition ct
cases oi improved- conduct, Once
the inch of inloxicaiion is established. iiirihcr consideration oi
the case must relate soccer to
the conduct involved.
Women's Primary Conn
by syria question
Cllici Magislrate
 
Friday. March l5. I963
Palhelically Unapalhelic Students
Are parking Up The Wrong Tree
r-ulcs clarkﬁed ‘as quickly as .
possible. llleanwhile, ii iraqi- l
deviation oi the real potential
. or a small campus with a great
leaders, angry young me“ a)“ amount of money spent per l
login their little study cells and mm“ and a WW enthusiastic l
proclaim that they Will 1W1 “5 adniini store. faculty, and .
no... apache. that they M” g“ imagination students is lbs ‘
us thinking and acting llkC the “cum
intelligent people we are .
To the Editor:
Here we are again in the first
at election promises. Great ne\
There is little discussion ur‘
They are to shake us out or IE“, guides on where common
apallly and into (\Ctlonibllt are is gets m an age when there
we synthetic? Any student or is gm” cum“ at college celebrity member in touch with’green bemg a graduate mama-1
ieus computer aeio - the via. my M001 or a “but MS to!"
tion wotild quickly age e that on We
the contrary there is air ‘
something going on at Grinnell There have been no articles,
7the campus i: tar from apr- des i-using what some oi our.
thesis- it is unapathetie. ;brilliant hand i might add quite
’ . , ' expensive) faculty have been
But what me the issues in our dam in research Om. hb“ ,y
unalmhctic exme'i‘end'om‘ “'5“ has degcllot‘art‘d write the taneicst
not to be standing skills W a" study hall nest or the Missis—
concerned about the hybeeri - 5mm
of our rules ill relation to li’lCll"
enforcement concerning dim - power-e someone writes about
lite and the entertainment ‘of the law}; ol‘ a handbags on the
women. While the administration. post anime steps, someone is go
thy-laugh at the hub mg to be killed A lone student_
the: growing “D by discussed CXpldmmg the initiatives or the;
the problem of hypeeris (a‘McCarran- not {does about the
problem settled long ago when campus virtually ignored 0..e .3
the Puritans came to Amcl‘lCa).lStl'url< by the fault ot humor in
we do not realize that on most; the 5&3.
computer it is a dead i ue bee;
cause the relationship :Ctllcr‘n
rules and enter-cement is do ly
and the fa
ch periodically unapatheti 7
the only school . oi inc M,
Y ‘ 'el‘due si‘ tppi that can least excttctlly
doﬁgiéd. enb “lie“ “mg 0‘1 ml to discussing series hire a chick»
clarkﬁnation is discsﬁsee 3““ L‘ ,en with its head but oil and
ham-asset the adriiinistr-union try- then still criticism itsctl as has
mg to produce our precious Ford‘ in; synthetic.
Grant do the caught stop. 3 Robert c. Johnson
Let. us get these blessed‘
{yclone Positions
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
‘ our Laboratory.
Contact. Lenses
CASES AND
SO LUTlONS
EYES
EXAMENED
E J. lenses. 0J3.
Optometrist
Applications for the positions
at editor and business manager
ot the 1964 cycling open today
and close March 22
Letters of application should
include qualifications and general resume oi ideas for the
1904 book. Both positions are
salaries. Applications should be
placed ill the cycling mailing,
119.
Students International
Travel Association
Join the 10th
Hawaii Study Tour
audio 21 through August 7.
includes study Period. A eonimodatioiis, Social Activ»
items (ll) events).'Sightseeing,
and FUN FUN FUN.
Obtain detailed information
from Judv Preissle on cameras. or (:riiinell Travel Coir»
Across from Post Office
her. 808 birth Avenue.
 
 
SUMMER @Lﬁeggﬁg
Room highrtrhtrts
Wide selection of courses in major subjects in
the liberal arts curriculum
General studies courses in the Creative Arts
santa Helm School of Dance
Language
French
German
(German Language House for 25 res-
identify students) .
Russian
Spanish
Art and Music
Applied and Theory ‘
Concerts. Lectures. Film Series
Summer Recreation Program
COLORADO COLLEGE
For deliver. catalog. and application form.
write Summer Session Office
Colorado College
Colorado Springs. Colorado
 
 
Open to Applicants o
‘air
‘lot’ titles
. their
three
SCARLET AND BLACK
Dan broadband er
l McCarran Act Deemed Threat l
Emanatlilg from the portugal' I'Cd llyslcl'its, the
McCai-ran Act was passed in 19a over' President
Truman' veto its propriety, constitutionality
and worn )betty has been questioned since its
exception. It ”would," Truman warned. “give
Government oil is vast powers to hair s it
our ClilZQllS in the o, It so oi their right of [FCC
speech." and would ‘put the nov intent ot the
us. in the thought control casinos," Justice
Black and ethc have mail aimed that it is inor
various than the now visit end Allen and louis
tion kai s. designed to outlet the Jetlersaoinn
Party and all tippinitieii. Prominent persons
throughout the world have currently ilttath d it
it i a controversial i sun and reserves ear but
study and evaluation.
Mchtl’ran Act maintain it
is intended to ‘vol c Communist Activities out
into the open" This it ml ls, installed all two
questionable promises. Ft v, illl‘ Act declared
that there exists “ii clear and present danger to
the US." [tom foreign Lolltln‘lcd internal Cotililluni'ln. Hence, the law portions. to protect our
country along religious communist beliefs. Coin»
nllillists, who can on succeed by concerning
their title aims, must i): unmasked and lot‘cccl
to register.
components o
recently, it is assumed that the people are
invisible ol (pillow‘continuing.good llunl evil ideas.
Let us assume he can accept these propose
trans i t we must examine it the Act accent
classes its supported aim it air organization is
touiid to t . Communist. it is required to register, siitterir or penalties. Worst ol all. it
brands itself' . "l‘C\0lLitl0nfl'V ninvemeiit whose
purpose it is. by theatre~ dee t. iiitiltratiori
into other profits, espionage. sabotage, (is this
sell‘ instrumentation?) terrorism and any other
means deemed necessary. to establish" world
communist. Members must also register. thereby let-writing their pa ports. and the right to
'the repeat of the MCC‘d
Page Three
\vOlk in (lclcnso-i'elected industries 'l'hiv are :.
meet tel'luis to be blacklisted. and are subject '0
proposition under an existing law will h ill
active membership in a Colnln irish or ’lnizzl‘
:l punishment crime (Good-bye 1 ill Alilcndnlc
lt they do not legs, er, memo are ibieei
$10,000 line and live via s in rail low- -e chef
oi non cg duration Certainly, no or . britain
could register ltlltltzl’ these conditions and p ll
Slll‘VlVC “Actordlllgly, the effect of till: Act I; :1
only be slippl‘c ion, not registration,"
The ni controversial sections are those ttet
liig ii-hat » a minimum t OIKZlm atroii. 1n
czlsc‘oi Colltl‘illustrated‘lt organ sons the
the criteria are “The c int to chi i it, tuiresoui-e ., or per-sunset arc u~c<l t tuitheipromote the objectives of the tCoiniiitinist trio
merit): and the extent to which the post
taken or advaiieeci by it from time to time ii
matters of policy do prot vehicle from th
any Communist itii'ctgn govc'nmcnt er v
Communist movement . , The nor-d ”fbi
live" is left undefined but could include i
which the Communist Party attempts to t‘ r
such as aid ‘io education. medicare, civil mph»
"an Act. etc The peter
Contmunist-illustrated group is c
values and more ineli e. Undoubt r, birth
ly every organization in the U 3 would .11 untlae
these criteria, Siglllf itly. the oorernrnent use
only one of eight iii eiia eiloetrielv, * he ext
to which its views and policies do not devi
from those of tthe soviet Ulllon),’ in Convictl’;
the Communist fatty. the _ ’Otlp ago is: when
exidcnoc should have been est to adduee
The MC ~i-an Act is presently be lg amp
derived against \oeoallcd Comiminist-profit and ii.
generated groups. Because it pi-sometimes belle.
not at‘tions, Villlt :institutes)Y no reference \0 1
mobility or such belief’ it presents a ”clear in
present danger" to our (lcd‘lacrallc institutes'.
and should be revealed,
tion of a
Divinitwildn::5pi‘rorefiatldmidr
To the Editor.
On the t‘analog or March 4 in Youllkcr lounge,
r. Kenneth christianity (biology) presented to
a large group or students his personal reasons
for calling himself an attempt, His dynamics held
us test as his superior wit ﬂowned our t‘table
objectives until the blood or lovingly-held uncle—
tion listed, Our attempts to build strong. valid
selections struck me as being a good deal more
difficult than his simply sending the object or
their existence
It is my hope that the brief presentation of
another selection will produce at least a cons
fi'delta‘tion ot' the issue. Tire strength or Chris an.
send wit cannon now brown out the businesses
of his argument, as it did on the.evening ol
March 4
Dr, Cllristlallscn's logic was scientific and cost‘rolls, fascinating In a most precise conclusion:
he stated that he could not ULCCDi [ho existence
til God upon the cl‘ldotlce available to him Ecillg a scientist Dr, Cllt’lsttallsctl has doubtlessly
examinincd this oxidcncc lholoughl)‘ He has
organized it and found that It can load only to
the ago l conclusion. He has obviously not, you
ever, made any attempt to (lt‘tells’belle the ilatut
‘0! this evidence and its value in connection with
philosophic questions or the existence at God.
It' in: Int}. he would have lost his seiciitit‘ie soliassuraiiee in tiiidini: ii to be incomplete subjective and artificial.
crvc himself and | s world only
brown a hotels ly subjective pos on. He is but
intinitosimally small p rt ot the time and
space of the serve e His ability to perceive is
limited by l~is vii, nature He eannnt western
ultimate -~applies but at best only their cite-s,
beyond his level or comprehensive
Most tr us are laniiu » \\it|l ilie lite of the
metaphoii il tlallauders, lv.‘tl-dinlenst0will per—
pre that t t in their twosdillloilsional world a
piano suspended in palace
One
Man can 0!
illosdilllcllsmllnl day. a sphere invad~d
plane. descending upon them in all
(llnlcniiuikll horror, 11> intersection \\'ltll
their pl‘etllc produced a point. which, as the sphere
described, grow into a circle, then diminished,
became a point again, and finally disappeared
given the sphere had passed through the plane.
The [liltlandc . able to perceive only two di—
pensions, intent) :2th this invasion of the sphere
as growth in tlmo We as three women
creatures interview it not as enough l'] til
all, but as movement in space The grow i of the
circle in the plane has a part but not the essence
ot the reality ol the sphere.
Man is as limited to his world as the lit.
builders to theory We cannon perceive the alter
mate qualities oi the universe. for ue are to .
lined to our monthly subreetii'ty. The china
qualities are therefore unhnowable, all thin.
in and of man are known'able, SlnLe man cannon
hope to dispute the existence oi God, we must
include him in the realm or the unhnewabies
The evidence upon which christianity l]h$(3
his conclusion is ltnolvablo, they'store a part, ti
man and, his world. It does not relate to col.
list as growth in time does not relate to mm“plant in space His evidence excluded all of l
universe save things in and at man, air until'
ly small part of that universe
Evidence relations to the existence of God '
not available to mail Mail Call. therefore. llln'
only one rational Statement about God, and ih i.
i that man cannon know.
relief can be based on earth. atheism can re
based upon nothing Man therefore has tv '2
alberta \‘es. and. like El Judnl‘ in a court of i
has politicians cattle e to prove him guilty. Th
must accept the defendant as :nlloeent tilrtii
evidence is not all liable.
Man posts, at ordlng to christianity, and a‘
that exists constitutes the universe Thercroi ,
man is i part or the silver . J -t as a circle s
a part or the greater spa so the titten
available to man is a part or the greater llc'r
ltnoll‘able alternate reality By listing that i
cannon accept God upon the (i\l(lCnCC t allah
.to l . he is sending that he 15 a part 01 ii
tlnivc c, [or that C\l(lCnL‘(‘ excluded all but if
lx'ati’ able iinirerse That is a contamination. lt tt
llatlztliclcl's were not to accept the existence
the sphere because thcv could not are it. the.'
\would be sending: also the CVhttlch‘ ol the Llrtl ’
that poll. ol the sphere that “as convertible a
them. The CllL‘lC though is a part ol the [lab
lenders' world — the paradox lS apparent, To
deny the whole is to deny a part.
Neither Clll‘l’ hansen nor anyone can claim
be an attempt, clothes simply. no one l\‘l'10\‘ s
enough to Claim to be an attempt
Robert S. Czllltncll
ONLY 15 more
shopping days til
apr'ng Vacation.
Buy your cycling
Now.
 
Page Four SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. March I5, I963
 
leaders Museum Move Over.
V‘Grinnell Develops collect‘ion
By Karen robinson years ot the collection
5&3 Feature Editor i A recent report of Grinncll‘s
art acquisition program set world
the criteria for selection, “To aCqullc only works of art or high
quality including niainly paint—
ringtones prints, and
cilptiiic to include items rep—
ending many periods. styles,
nd for-ms, to acquire a limited
‘numhcl' or items each year
through purchase prizes for the
best work ot students: . . to ace
quite a range of items useful
There are several sources of for teaching and also many
acquisitions open L0 “16 commonﬂlcms that will be usgs‘u] 1)“.
ice. The exhibitions shown in mainly because they are likely
Main power and the Schaetrci to be appreciated by students "
Gallery are selected in part so; After the works have been
that works may be brought to purchased, the art department
.various for the study of tlislcarciully mounts and frames
{committee Some works in the them The acquisitions or the
il‘ecellt cvliihits have been pm" last eight to nine months are
closed for the permanent called-‘now on display in a show in
tion. the Fine Arts Center. They will
EH" in cons, items off‘reiiiain there this month and
painting: 01‘g other part objects “”11 be ladiSplayed during can"
specifically for the purpose of memcmc'“ week- Dumg ”35
closing additions from among 'In‘e‘m‘ may ““11 be hung ‘“
the consignments is another 50'“? “new? bu‘ld‘"€ Where
mm,“ 50 (a, only We amp_ ,they will remain semispormantently after June
For the future an annuzrl exhibit of acquisitions is projected
l Grinnell has recently been
dining the ranks or the the
lgenheims and Chester Dates by
requiring an art collection oi
original works. A SermleJCl'
faculty committee has been use “
published, and a moderate budg—
, ict apartment was set aside for
acquisitions this year, with a
:imaior increase funds stated
lion next year.
-’ l
in
Four Mllltnly Ball queen candidates [lose [01 pictures. They are (left to light): l
nudity Finn, Catlleline McDonald Joanne Dillnnvich and Jean Gillulll. The fifth hands-t
dale, Nancy books, is not pictures W . . g
lKunl'z article
Military Ball is Open to Campus; ,”
contrary colored Will be Chosen iW'Jofrﬁgear
Five Gl'ilmell needs have been‘hc held from 9 pin, until mid m
selected as candidates for 1963 night in party Gym. it is a
Air Force ROTC ‘contrary Ca-,format but not a ﬂover dance. f mgpimhﬁ' aug‘z» Ngb‘elPW‘
get colored‘ lawyers. sphere will he no admission‘ 955‘“? P “’50? y 3“ ”13‘0“
i at Grinnell College, has written
They are Nancy books Jamesucharge an aside ”Mythical Cosmic
Joanne Domamh Mai“ audi‘h The '33“ I5 being sponsor and Pei-local Orders," which comments have been bought here—
Finn, Loose; Jean Gilruth Span—why the 255th Air Force ROTC scheduled to appear m the June one from a Chicago gallery anal
15“ ““59; and Gamma MC' janet SIN—“dim at Grmne“ issue of the Review of Meta~ another from a gallery In Newt
 
Donald names
The live were selected Tues—
day hy Grinnell Air Force ROTC
cadets from a ﬁend of nine nominees. One romance was selected
by each Grinnell womens iesi-i
dance hall.
The ‘floral‘y janet colored',
will be selected next week in
voting open to all Grinnell men
following will he in Cowles at, the 50 piece military band of that
noon.
Other nominces included barbara Breckenridge, German
House; Pam Haslam. Read; Mary
Everett years; and Jean Thomp.‘
son, Cleveland.
The 'Honomry janet colored’
and her court ot “janet lviaiors
will align over this year-rs Mili1are Ball next Saturday
An alleuampus again, it will
Mi salary' Band
Will Play Here
The ‘Flying Band of SAC,‘
‘Alr forces Strategic Air Com»
island, will present a tree public‘
concert in party Gym at 3 pm.
‘next Saturday
The concert is being co sponsored by the College and the
255th Air Force ROTC janet‘
equation of Glinnell
The band is generally config»
:eyed to be one of the best of
U..S military bands.
 
 
C9
FRESH
DAILY
DANISH MAID BAKERY
HOME OF QUALITY
4th Avenue
 
 
'l columbus, Ohio. ‘
physics ‘
This article is based on John‘
Wild‘s “Human Freedom anal
Social Order " Wild the recent
Gates Lectulcr at the college‘
helped Kuntz, who is on say<
optical leave from the college
items semester, with this critical
analysis.
Kuntz has also gathered two
‘papers which will be given at
the May meeting of the Ameri-
.can Philosophical Association in,
IN SEPTEMBER, Kuntz will
ideliver- a paper at the late International Congress or Philoso.l
lphy in Mexico City on “Thai
Tragedy of Oliver older:George
lSantayana‘s ‘Last duration.‘ ill
‘Phenomenolugical Study of Ol'—
der and Chaos"
‘College Sl'are
ls Wassom s l
particle Topic
i
l Samuel J. Wassom, manager‘
,of the Grinncll College book-
‘state, is the author or an article
“Campus Store Pays Its Way,"
;in the February March issue of
 
l
as well as a catalogue of items'
“and for the far future, when
the collected grows out or the
present facts es, a museum to
house ’the collection is 'planned .
“The purpose of the called-
York. This method requires a
‘great amount of time since pictures must he uncratcd per
used carefully repeated and re
shipped to their original gallery.
A third method which has
not been ﬂred under the new tion," stated Robert mozilla_n
mm is that of directly SD— (art) is primarily educational,
no the artists whose Works to provide terminals or teaching
the Committee is interested in by students. The need for these
adding to the collection. Another is especially necessary ebecaus‘e
source of art objects is through the increasing contact of the
girls of interested alumni and: students with reproductions
friends or Grinnell. Each hotel- thorough art classes and the
ﬁal gift must be examined andlrental collection partially disappmved by the art acquisihon ’(olts their knowledge of works
committee before it becomes a ea or "
,dolls eClasses ‘7 +0 En+er . .
g AWS elect'ion
begin Colorado i
Classes for college students inspired applications IOI the AWS
the mayor subjects in the likely' Board to be elected next week
arts, along with music, al‘Llon South sample- They are;
.,dance and general studies hours- I . es, are over-ed in the summer at Gram“ Geye‘ I‘m,” Denm’
charles leu—
colorado College in Colorado‘EEme Gutmann
Springs, thats, Ann Bacon, Marilyn Nelson,
More than 130 courses in 23‘Many Gwdmsi Pam DIydeni
academic departments are email- lPam claimed Am“ Hart reliable during the summer sessionjgia Griffith, Ann Scully Jean
of the historic independent ColAiHatcher, Anne Biineman, nudity
lThe College Store Journal, pub.
‘listed hy the National Assucia-‘
tion of College Stores.
The article is a reprint of one
‘which originally appeared in the
ideal‘url‘y, 1951, issue or College
8.: University Business.
 
legs of (“‘5 and spencer- L. Johnson, Joan pulled and
Last year students from an betty Hamsher. '
estates and six foreign countries
:tel‘c enrolled in classes with 73
regular and visiting
l,printers. '
4 A coffee hour for all hands— ,
dates will he held on Sunday
faculty at 3:45 in Main Lounge. fri-
lmal‘y elections are scheduled
Monday.
Details on these and other pro- {or
ill‘ass rn the outstanding sum-l
Texas A&M 91 l
Texas 0
 
, The climax will come after fiber 5955“?“ may be “Name“ by nfl elections on Wednesday,
“'H‘mg Dr- Fm“ A- 5°ndem‘an- when the new house treatments
,stiinniei Session price, Colorado m ”sealed at me Quad For
.COllEgei C°1°had° SPI‘IESt C0“)- ,trial Dinner. The Formal Dinner
- will start at 6:30 in the Quad
_dining room.
 
Don'l' go ou'l into +he cold 3 applications Due ‘
‘, Applications are now being re.
derived for membership in the
‘Mens and Womens German
‘Houses for 1963-64. For reforms-
‘tion and application ioriiis, see
‘the chairman of the houses or
any member of the German state.
creek world when you are hungry.
tel-
AHRVANO'S
deliver a hat pizza right +0 your
_ Why spend hours binding OVM an
growing board? let us take care of every
wosholuy shore. Your profiles will bi , .‘ ,iii
over when we deliver a whole week's
laundry immaculately clean and miles
. * jesse r u l' e WZMMB
closely pressed iusl the way you prefer.
SWEDE'S
Grin‘well Laundry
Serving both North and South
Campus Cleaning Agencies
8r listening HGVEV.
door.
Exl'. 451
Just call 236-6222
 
 
 
 
Friday, March l5, I963
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
Role of 5&3 Questioned
By John full‘
8&3 Ass’t News Editor
The question of whether the
charles and Black has the right
to be a manipulator oi campus
opinion was the main topic oi
a coffee hour sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi last Monday in
counter lounge
According to Vice President
permits Ludwig, any college
newspaper should have the ac—
create reporting of facts as its
main purpose.
Present S&B editor Jim Here
20: took the view that the par
per can act as a consider
through its editorials.
Herzog’s views were argued
by Steve powell, CDI'HP pre v
sent. powell lclt that editor‘rl
support ot certain issues was
uniair because the 5&3 has a
motorola in this form of Conlmunieation.
tel'log returned that the
S&B gives equal news coverage
to each side of campus issues
and that after luliilling this
responsibility, the paper has the
right to follow any editorial
policy it choices
powell also claimed that the
ski! fails to work in close
connection with student got-
evident.
social statements on women's
LSU_13
Texas 0
75515.9
Don't let your resistance' wear down. Buy
medicines and prescribed
tions keep your
health up from
THARP
PHARMACY
For Personal Service
 
MEARS—kathy meters
MAIN—Pam Clay
CLEVELAND—Garcia naughty
JAMES—carb peterson
HAINES—Andy Hand
READ—Johnnie R
LOOSE—Sue too
* Anyone ha
sure used.
He noted that edt- ‘
i hours in the 5&1; last tall ov- i
, eriiippcd and intoriercd with
the student government at-
: tampa to elicit a change in
. the drinking rule.
1 Larry Sniuchcr, former 3&8
managing editor. claimed that
the problem didn't rest hills the
paper but with the student government, which, he charged,
seems to have no idea or pubs
llcity.
On another subject, Ludwig
pointed out that the paper also
ones responsible reporting to,
tillumni and other non-students.
“The paper inn‘t dedicated to be‘
a public relations instrument;
lbut since it goes of: campus,
the paper docs have l'expensive
.policies lo these people,” Ludwigl
jdeclared. l
‘ Craig llendcrson, president
of sigma Delta Chi at print i
null, revealed that two admin. .
isolation officials had told him l
that the 5&3 was not being
,MaiIiIociurer ;
all visit Here
Dr. kerry german, director oi
.the Statistical Laboratory at the_
anniversary ot California, will bet
lat. Grinnell next Monday through‘
Thursday. german’s visit is
sponsored by the Mathematical
Association oi America as part
lot a Visiting Lectureship Pro-l
,gray. l
I german will present four lee—f
stores while he is at Grinnell},
.On Monday through Wednesday‘
at 3:30 p.m.. he will present beer
turns in the Science Lecture‘
‘Room on mathematical statistics.
The lectures will only pro—i
suppose a high preparation in
I mathematics. ,
i On Tuesday evening at 7:15,’
german will speak to the cache.,
basics Club on a topic to be
‘announced, This presentation is
also open and will be held in
the Science Lecture Room.
german received his Ph D.:
train the University of Warsaw,i
‘was a lectures at the technician
,institute of Kharkov, was stat
,tician at the Agricultural los
cute in lBydgoszcz, Poland, anti
.was a lectures and reader atm
the University of London be.
'more coming to the University oil
5 California. ‘
He has also served as vi big,
professor at several universities
v‘in the United States. I
G
utc Edmondson
his and Penny gender C
I use at his
treated like the working press. i
Henderson explained that the
‘ officials said much news was
not revealed to the editor to
discretion.
The problem oi membership
was discussed, but it was agreed‘
by the panel members that no
pie—publication membership ex least
Compeiil'ion ml
Silver Design l
Reed & martin is offering lUI
cash scholarship awards in its!
annual “Silver Opinion" scoop-t
arship competition.
in the competition the entrance
must list the three best of rights
designs or china and crystal com— are
donations which Reed 3e martin:
illustrated,
Those interested in entering
should contact the Grinnell representative, Janet Rodemeyer,,
who has entry blacks and com—l
plate details for the contest.
> In rehearsal for “J. B.” are (left to right) Steve Brooks
’(1. B.) and two soldiers (Sam Schumnn and Stu During.)
 
for
By Karen robinson
5&3 Feature Editor
Lights click on receiving a stage ready -for
action ,music books. The costumes actors move
and leave their predicted pattern on the stage.
They speak amd reach,
”border,” cuts in a voice from the center
section of seats. “Take it from the top again.”
The Grinnell production oi 1.3. is taking
shape.
Rehearsals have been going on for four weeks
now, the first three having rehearsals tour nights
a week, and this week rehearsals every night.
At the beginning of the rehearsal schedules the
actors appear in school clothes to deliver half
italy their new lines, The blocking or arrange
‘ ment and movement of actor is Worked out under
the supervision of Richard Meyer (drama), and
the development ot charactc nation is begun.
“We discuss the way various scenes should be
played and experiment with many. many approaches. Even now we are still working on the
interpretations at some scenes." commented
Meyer,
"You know there have been two versions of
ll}. presented Yale was the first to (live this
play, its interpretation was that of‘ an excellent
url debate between the devil and God. The sets
were realistic and the devil and God moved
freely about the stage. The Broadway version,
directed by Elia taken, was more emotional in
impact. The Devil and God remained hair statiallaly against a nonreullstic set. Our ve ion
is a compromise between the two, We see it as a
three way struggle between God, japan and LB.
We will not try to approximate reality 7 our set
is concerned with providing interesting shapes
ITIlree-wa y Struggle in .I. B.
Yale-croatia y Compromise
and acting areas as much as with suggesting
place or time."
After it while lighting and sets, costumes and
drops are added. Scenes. then whole acts are
given Without causes for instruction. Notes taken
by Meyer are discussed ill the close of the incl,
and general instructions are delivered. '
“Thinking of What comes next is vital." ad—
minister Meyer after a run-through of the first
act. “Prepare the audience by followed a logical
order, Think, move, then Speak, that's the order
OI acting.”
Technical problems must be worked out our—
ing rehearsals The music, which is a tape of the
music composed (or and used in the Broadway
production, must be fitted in, the volume regu—
later. There are Iltile problems such as h0w_‘m
keep newspapers used in one scene from matching
and there are technical Stumpel‘s Such as how
to give the impression of an A-being explosion.
This latter problem was solved by the use OI
lighting and wind sound effects,
interventions such as the need of the stage in
the early evening by other organizations must be
force. “We have to have the patients ot low."
shipped one cast member as he wanted to go on
again after one such intervention.
But these rehearsals are only a preparation
for the crucial time when the theater is full and
the real performance begins,
Meyer said, “We hope that students will e .
periodic the play itself rather than sitting ea
1y including the themes or their Junior Liberal
Arts Exam. Comedy calls for this type at peter-tn,
ment, but tragedy needs emotional involvement
Students should be caught up in the specially ot
the play and then analyze in retrospect.”
I963 CYCLONE
IS NOW ON SALE—SEE YOUR HALL SALESMAN
SPANISH HOUSE—Lucia Urquidi
ERMAN H OUSE—Gregory face
EAST—Elliot career
WEST—Jim Roberts
COWLES—george Buck
DIBBLE—John reset
LARK—Jim Hatfield
GATES—Ira Dubitsky
RAWSON—Pete Staben
LANGAN—Steve puzzles
SMITH——Jay butler
NORTH—Bill peterson
SOUTH—John Moore
9 pictures suitable for use in THE CYCLONE contact Dick Wedemeyer. Ext. 514. $.75 will be paid for each pic- 1%
SALES WILL CONCLUDE SPRING VACATION
 
Page Six
Mifflin, russell, Smith
SCARLET AND BLACK
3 Pioneers on All-star Team
Three Grinncll basketball flow
cds were named to spots on the
MCAC All-Conlcl'cncc team for
the 196263 campaign,
Forward atm Mil'ilrn “-35 the r'cbotllrder for the Scarlets. Geri
‘only Gi‘lnncllian to make the
ﬁrss unit Mill‘win was
ing scores for the Pioneers this
season, getting 357 points with
3 20,4 average, good for fourth
In the Conference.
in the
FIRST
,than any other player
l
W Jim Mifflin
‘ F7 are anderson
C~Gnry davis .
join k Tomck
Ggotis towns .,
(Zr—Dave Var-undo
ﬂupon
in non
. v , Kuoa
.vlrn Miﬁwin report
"7 n— ave Current
,r— im Motzko
lF—Ken smaller
C—colin russell
lG—Joel Ungrodt
10—Dave Hendricks
soa
"I AM (It/till arm/aug dado/mien];
iu comm u 1 m 11:." a) l mug
mm: mm u/and big/1: vip
we I/r imam" — u Than:
We l).uc rom' Iclln', m. We luau/
Iii/Ir lawn/Iii] llwnw/ lV/II lllrlir
(are :1 lrcnlml l ./ Li”! ’rlml'l
call us, album, l’t‘ll (all JUN/ 50
full )cl.1\ pour was 5.; lip/ml
Doll‘! 1 ' Iu sugar/r. Dot/'1 uriM/
You'll In: [131'
ft!!! o/ﬁjul u/m
/ Ruciin n/Ir’
(all . . . full
u-c'll ”It Nu.
Beloit
Dick Calhow. Cornell; Mike
For the warm on.
utNAllONAlREVlEW
while for he. (any,
iso E as 50,, New
mi la, Nivr
Grinncll
' SECOND TEAM
. ...Carletou
Carleton
, Grinnoll
Lil“ hence
league
On the second unit, the Flor
,hours placed center John Sun-
‘dell Sundcll was the loading
Grinnolrs playmaking
smith,
mention.
Along with Miﬂlilr on the ﬁrss
team are forward Jack Anlicrr
son and center Gary Morris of
“mm“ ““‘canon, anal guards Rick Tomekl
121 free throws this season. more or Comm Otis scan o; Knox“
and Dam! Varnado DI BClolt.
TEAM
Junior
6.
6' .
67 Junior
, Cornell
. Senior
Senior
Senior
Senior
Junior
Junior
0 .
0 Junior
“enormous MENTION . ,
car Smith, Grimrell; Mark Anmnt, St. 0m; nylon white. Con;
journey, ‘ ‘
plymouth; \Villie Alexander. simon; Bob simpson, joe; no ericsson, Cornell; and Ron SClulncL Cornell. ,
our ton; Terry Wilkison,
 
1.0:: is now open at in now insulin roeunuu—term from |l|u sir-nu.
Planning A
Party?
Hungry for good
naked goods?
Order cakes. cookies.
and salaries from
923 Broad Sr.
 
 
, ' Junior-l
Friday, March I5. [963
 
charles Fever
By Lou Czrloduey
3&1} Sports Editor
About two or three years ago are ﬁline might have
been considered the forgotten sport at Girnrlell. From 1949-
3 the Plonecrs created teams that captured second place
fill the Conference on three occasions, but ali‘her that for-
,itunes on the mat \gained.
‘ When add powers tool: over as head football coach in
1961, he also inherited the coaching; duties of the‘ wrestling
 
the lead guard, “‘85 given an honorableitcam, a sport he had not handled before. powers was only
‘supposed to ‘\\'rest1e’ with the team for one season until a
regular Wrestling touch could be found and powers \\0ul(l
;bc allowed to concentrate on his other two sports, football
land tennis.
The zulministration’s attitude toward wrestling w
lflcctcd in their choice of a new coach — a senior ph 1
education period did football standard, Terry Moore, \who
W W had new'el' wrestled before.
The new coach had several
major problems facing him
_ before he could begin his job.
While he created the ex,
dedicated members of the
- team to help with the teaching of’ the many complex
i; ’ ‘ ' V ,, moves in the sport, he had to
' L v ‘ learn enough to have 2\\\‘01'l(—
ing‘ knowledge of wrestling.
recently, ho had to learn the
exhibit s and skills necessary
. to pro, 9 a team for their
schedule of matches. shortly,
and most difficult, he hard to
gain the respect of a team
, that had been his classified
the year before, and know
that he had no experience in
wrestling
In his season, last
‘ "ear, stores suuzld was
1 _'red by injuries and a poor attitude in some places, and
it pushed last iii the Conference meet. This season the prospects didn’t look much brighton with no returning batteries and only one returned from last year, The wrestling
prospects notes in Grirrnell’s winter sports book seemed
’like a pre-season biology for another poor season: "With
nine sophomores on this year’s team and no returning letltcrmen, this will be a responding year for Coach Terry
‘house and his wrestling . . .”
] Using some new ideas in comparingéh’look'e ‘built his
group of sophomores and seniors into a team that the Ben
lost wrestling coach manually turned the surprise of the Conference tournament. I believe that if some kind of unoffi-
.dial poll were taken, we would [ind this Coach joining eight
mother Midwest Conference helmsmen and the Grinnell wres—
living‘ team in giving Terry Moore their vote as l’sat Coach
of the Year.
opportunity] Moore‘s tentatir‘e‘plans after completing;
his masters tleD e in August lean toward going into the
iI’case Corps, and not returning for another year as coach.
With the prospect of the best wrestling team in Grinncll
history‘next year, I only hope that the administration will
not forget the team, and ‘11 get a coach who will do as
‘contributions a job as ”Big F" has done in the past two
,years.
joe
Terry Moore
 
Place your Classified Ads in the S&B or!- ﬁre low student Rare. Any student or orgasm-
nation affiliated with Grinnell College is eligible for this rate.
* advertise for rides home this vacation
1t Books for sale
* Books to buy
1% Items
* verse
Don't- sample on word of mouth or the bulletin boards. Use our dependence Classified
Service.
Call Conrad Daum. 5&3 business manager. Ex'l's. 240 or 349 for rules and information.
wanted
no! notices
 
 
 
Friday. March l5. I963
SCARLET AND BLACK
Tllinc/ads Second in North Central delays
60 yard high and low handles.
the“ Pick; UP ~ ‘roiblr:";';‘but;r
i Two‘ First Places] ‘
not. Brown won both the
, mile and two mile run and won
‘tlte trophy for the individual
. morning within haltiavpoin‘t of'who’ scores the most points in
,., he winners, ,«GFinnell‘s . trachnhe meet. want anderson placed
clients placed second'in division'second in the high jump, credit—
l‘II of the North Central delays ing,the old record with a lead
l‘at dance-villa, all., last Satut‘day.§ol' 6'3” just one week other win-
. North Central won the mission‘iShmg the bRSkE‘bad 50350“-
‘buy. A lap is 160 yards.
Paul batteries, John button,
‘Langham and keyword were
i second in the 20 lap relay.
littgreu, Pete massive, keyword
and Langham were third in
the 12 lap event.
Other Pioneer players were
‘Gene robert, fourth in the
pole vault and Fred Berg and
DeEerg third and birth respectively in the so yard dash,
Page Seven
lHughes, tools
griffin on Tax
Relief Package
l In the other-dinner session of
the State Legislative Session, at
option of the Program in Prac-
,ical Political Education, Iowa
,Governor Harold E. Hughes and
Lieutenant Governor, William
booty gathered on proposals {or
iowa property tax relief.
"II section for the third straight;
Other realtors, men Langham and Ed-
. team's after Grinnell’s 57vz were iran took first in the 3 lap I‘EBeloit 25, Cornell‘
oscar‘with 57% points.
, Wabash Zip/2.
21V: and Dubuque 19,
Coach Dick Young
‘ ,‘ ' last week’s conference victory.
silver of the mile and
tn‘profile events and the intel 'total high-point trophy'
ended at the Nyu'tar Central
delays was Rod Brown, Pioneer sophomore.
called by the square track
and very tight turns.
grey produced his best
A team at Tom DCEerg. Bruce
The next meet for the tl‘ackrl
text the ,
team was down manually from ;
The winners were also hnnlli- '
Young did me some good inmvtth Smith meeting nation in
,dividend achievements. John notices , ,
and placed second in both the ”W0 was a scoring mtxupt ne-
 
Sl'. Paul's Student Center
EPISCOPAL
. Sundays—s a.in., 10 am and 4:31) pm,
In Wednesdays—7 a.m., mechanism
- bridges—4:30 pm, mechanism
a Daily Offices—9:15 am, anddtso p.111.
ala Treble, oscar and Chaplain
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A short walk is good for you. But when you really
want to travel you can’t beat Greyhound for going
places at lowest cost. In fact Greyhound costs less
thantrains,planesordrivingyourself. Foreconomy,
GO GREYHOUND. . . AND LEAVE THE DRIVING TO US.
No other term at public transportation has fares so low. For example:
1 Way R. T.
2.00 3.60
.80 1.45
8.20 14.80
9.20 16.60
9.20 10.05
2.10 d. i
Minllcﬂllolis
Des Maine; iowa City
Newton
Phone TEX 0 Station
238-7182 for more
inf .
Chicago
St. Louis
union
BAGGAGE via can ma non uni you an .1 Grgyhound ll tall order send uracivoi ulrz
handle an ahead by demand paeiiga expires I|Sl ie in tom and coslsyotr less,
men will be the Iowa Indoor
delays at Cedar Falls, March 23,
 
Animal Life
By Marc Clnrc
The basketball title is going
ight down to the wire this year,
The bowling tournament is are
most upon us, being held Mon—
day, with Langan trying to dc.
find the championship they won
last year, and be the ﬁrss. to
hold the new traveling trophy,
According to reliable sources,
Langnn’s defense will end at the
attempt mar though
a really game. in the contest
held at the start oi the season
lcessitating a related,
Smith is currently in ﬁrss.
place with a 15-4 mark, ones
half game ahead oI Clark, 1575
in Smith wins its iortlicoming
lgamc, the championship will go
Moore Announces
salon with it, but a loss will . .
‘cause a tie for the crown without‘esﬂmg Capfams
1 Clark.
, Saturday A team
the Cl‘“ 7, _ Coach Terry Moore announced
BASKETBALL STANDINGS Tuesday that seniors Al Mac-
. Smith 15.4 ,Knight and Will Van force had
. Clark 1575 been elected contrary eo-cap.
. liable 10-6 chains for this year and next year
. Cowles 11-7 .3150.
. Gates 11,9 Van force. who won the 1477
.world 9-7 ‘pound crown, wrestled in both
- South 7.9 ,the 147 and 157 pound divisions
”East 5"" routine the dual meet season,
.nation 5.11 l 1 ° .1 1 as _ d
West “2 ant simple( a — decor.
Langan 3717 l overnight, the surprise of
‘the team, won only three oi
,seven dual meet matches, In
High scores for the contest was ”‘9 W‘mere "we“ he ’1“ h“
Tom grants who contributed 47 - ids and captured third place
points to the Clark cause. in the 137-poland class,
ran up the highest point. total
of the year, heating South 88-6-
 
SALES Q REPAIR Q RENTAL
* smith - Corona
at Olivetti
* series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
‘A' at at *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March Book Covers
School and harry Supplies
Mimeoqruplling
GRENNEhL win-5&2 StiPPLY
"ACRGSS FROM THE PGST OFFECE"
 
. Hughes said, “If the Iowa
farmers are entitled to agricultural land tax credit increases,
home owners are entitled to
designed land taxes.
l booty. however, stated that:
he opposed a homestead tax
credit increase but said a boost
in the agricultural land tax
should be “part or the package”
of property tax relief.
State Senator Robert higher,
Republican floor leader, Called
homestead credit little real relief ”for property taxes for
farmers and businessmen." The
, real burden, said higher, calls on
business and farm directories.
1 booty added that the property
tax danger has been “overplayed.“
i At the evening -seminar were
happy‘primarily 225, while an
‘equal number attended the attlernoon activities.
shemale Quorum
tracking; NSA
Group Reports
By Richard Ohlemeyer
5 to B state Writer
Because of the dinner with
Iowa Governor Hughes, the cum—
her'of senators at Wednesday's
meeting was less than the re—
quoted quorum. Business was
carried out intormally,
A detailed progress report on
the McCari-an diet study group
was delivered to those in attend—
once by Jack sherman. The
study group, sponsored by the
National Student Association
Committee, has produced a resolution to be voted on in each
hall March 25
This resolution calls for either
a repeat or a reconsideration
acquire to he decided in each
hall) or the McCarran Act. Also
planned arc some hours March
20 and 21. The ﬁrss comes hour
will feature Albert wayne, a
consultant to the ton-and for EEi'cctn-c Citizenship. speaking in
favor of the act. t the second
con'ec hour Richard bailey, Secs
rctdl'y cl the Chicago committee
to Dcrend the Bill of Flghls.
\oil speak against the act.
 
RCA
 
‘Jcl‘or's Dynagroovo
_. oi dazziing new recording process
Here is what you will hear
0 True compliance at all volume levels
0 perfectly Presence
6 Greater Clarity
G Remarkable Fidelity
Dynsigroove records are
new in stock url
EEPER'S all§l€ C0.
 
 
 
Page right
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March l5. I963
 
éridge,
Ed. note; Bill sherman, class oi 1951, is a travel
scholar in china.
Operating under the rule. The best way to
know it is to see it," the male continuing of Gr-initial
in Africa undertake a safari through East africa. This
journey took place during our seven week summer
vacation. The distances being rather great, walking
was out at the question, so we reported to a tourwhccled monster known as the Gray Gern. ln days
man's language this refers to a 1956 Land Rovertruck, a bit the worse for wear when we started and
even more so now. With beds. cooking store, and julie
or equipment we became a sell sufficient unit, a fact
which proved very useful
Malosa school being located in the southern part
or. swaziland, we first had to universe the Gun miles
to the northern tip of the country. Roads were ins
produced here about so years ago but one could hardly
say that an extensive turnpike system had been de—
allowed. Thus .we founded along, at times not being
certain which end was tip, over roads that make the
Lake Acre route seem like a super highway. There
are many times when one might question whether
they are even one lane. However. the country through
int'high we passed is some ot the most beautiful l have
ever seen. but at the same time extremely promotion,
These mountains and gallery are from the southern
end of the Great girl. Valley, a'phenomenon ot na»
sure quite unique in itself.
ALL ALONG THE way one sees the typical tiny
quaint that one otteii for-gets the applying state ot
poverty which they represent, a fact which can not
help but to around the mind oi one coming front
Galbrailh's Attlnent Society The urban centers
through witch fire passes are images ol a tr-ontiertown in the wild west with the row at Asian stores,
police station, and government headquarters or bomb
surrounded by native hits
The people themselves are extremely friendly. al—
tlrouglr a bit she ot strange characters such as both
and german These rural people seem very happy and
concern‘ut, and quite spyware ot the rights ot so-called civilized modern society. There may be much
truth in the old saying, “insurance is bless."
Oh we drive until reaching the customers post,
where after the usual amount of red tape plus coin»
operations over a wrong engine number on the Gray
her-ii, we pass into Tanganyika. From here on we are
aware of a noticeable rinprovemcnt in conditions The
land, although still very maintaining, begins to open
up. with much less brush, larger fields, more specials
hits and better dressed people Here and there we
see final and tea estates with some machinery whlcll
makes an old town boy feel more at home One flat
tire, two electrical tires, one delay due to happens
and two days later, we reach the center of Tanganyika Here the country is much dried, but the liver
stock population is considerable heather, although the
quantity tar outweighs the quality.
From here we push on toward the coast and car-
l track, sherman, Tours East Africa
development with many estates and much better
roads, some even saved. We have now come from
the high cool mountains to the low scacoast where
temperatures, humidity, and rainfall show remarkable
increases.
The city ol car is an interesting mixture of old
and new: of European, Arab and african. Land is
no problem so the city is spread over a wide area
with government buildings and shopping center in the
middle around the harbor. The whole atmosphere is
very metropolitan Having taken advantage of advertisements ot the city, we made corporations for a
visit to the island of Zanzibar, center ot old Arab
slave trade. Zanzibar is located 45 miles from car
and hoping to get the real teen. we chose to go over
by native boat called a show.__
As things turned out we get more of a real feel
than expected. These shows are the present versions
of those used by the Arab readers for many centuries
along the coast. Many still use fails but others like
the one we took have been fitted with engines. They
paul small loads of tonight between the ports along
the coast. The captain and crew were just like out of
a book and of course could speak almost no English
so conversation was limited, We reported at 5 pm,
and arrived in Zanzibar harbor at 1 am. where we
answered for the night. it was a wonderful star-lit
night for sleeping. but trying to back out on files oi
rope, oil drums, packs of grain and fruit made us
aw that this was not the smaller Hilton. Next
mud hits with grass rooms which are the homes of E5 .
the majority of nations. They seem so natural and vanilla.
Salaam. the capital and urban center of Tan-
mon‘king, after the usual flooring of red tape, We dragThe country shows signs of considerable
get our staff bodies into the city.
Dean King Talks Sunday
l
Students at colleges and uni- College church this Sunday Toynbee to Speak NeXt on culture
Travel Panel .
+ 0.“: ,T' S varieties across the nation arelwill feature Di. Winston King, DL pmid J_ Toynbee my cum"
0 er lp eligiblelo principles ma unique Dean of the Chapel breathing ing Heath professor will speak The lecture will be part of
foreign language prior'tm i“_ Eu- on the subject “‘1 dont like Wednesday in Rebel}. theatre on the 1! 3,1". series of Fine Arts
the ywcA pmgmm wmmmgg' “on Wm] the mountain fo,.begin at 11-36 in service Chapel of Cullureistyles for the Hisr students.
will present a panel Tuesday european Language and Educa—
at 7 p.m in ARH auditorium signal Centers ot munich, Switzto other tips and win‘iwci ques-zealand » i
tions.
students and faculty members Twelverweck intensive lay;who have rm.“ in Europe m tguage programs will be offers ,
gently will draw login their ‘begmnmg Sept 3“ ‘“ her“
(New, ex e, was n 5,, es. lat fails, France, and Lausanne,
mg “mg the’ng‘m do} “H“ W iSwitzerland, in German at CoA,
- - . login Germany in italian at
:13; 2:055:12 8? 1:335 . ‘Flor.once Italy, and in Spanish
General information will im‘at Barcelona and Madrid, Spain ‘
slide current costs, rights and Deadline for applications for
appropriate clothing, the fall program is March 27.
Faculty participants
Wayne penny (physics)
smith Slernfeld (art).
Officials Reveal
 
Travel opportunities
 
win her Persons interested in the tall]
and
,program, or similar programs
lscheduled for winter, spring and‘
summer, 1964, may obtain ap-
.p1stations or additional informal
union by contacting F J. Moitil,store selling Center, Michiganl
[State University, East banking,l
Industry Grant
An investigated grant or $5,000 'to Grinnell College from the
International Nickel Company,
Inc, has been announced by
college officials.
The award is one of a series
of grants made by international
Nickel to liberal arts institutions
and is part of the company’s
program of aid to higher educa-;
tion in the United states, l
This grant supplements a similar International Nickel gift‘
made to Grinnell last year.
which.
In the spring. a Grin-
well girl's fancy turns ra-
ward the Men of Cowlgs
2nd was+*
 
sherman
wow???
_ E Fiﬁ. i:i\
ESW thou: E
Aha” til. UTELY E
FREE g
MAMAW.‘ vitl‘v'y‘t'Wh
UNNINGH
 
can Processing
each Roll of
print if
Pie. related and
processor all
C
These sellers stand for Air Force Officer
Training School—a ll‘ll’EE'mOﬂall course for
those who realize they want to become
Air Force officers, but don't have enough
school time left to scroll in AFROTC.
We prefer our officers to start their training
as freshmen, so we can commission them
directly upon graduation. jul right now we’re
accepting applications for another fine way
to become an Air Force officerAOTS. We
can't guarantee that this program will still
 
 
Go A. F.O.T.S!
be open a year or so from now.
As an Air Force officer, you'll be a leader on
the Aerospace Team, serving your country
while you get a flying headslari on the technology of the future. The U.S. Air Force
sponsors one of the world’s most advanced
research and development programs—and
you can be part of it.
If you're within 210 days of graduation, get
more information on OTS from llle Professor
of Alr Science.
U.S. Air Force
 
