CotHP Meeting
Recommend $300 langan Fine
By Dave Brit-t2
. 5&3 Managing Editor
At. a Closed meeting of the‘
Council of House treatments
Tuesday night. a l‘BCOnllllendZ‘k
tools was granted that would blair
pose a 3300 line on those mcnn
sets of Laligzm hill] involved in
held in that hall last
night.
The ColllF recommendation
would also, 1) celtic the hall's
social funds until the $300 has
been paid and. 2) give tlic pi-cs—
event and Vice president at
duncan hall the i‘ebponslbtllty
for determining the degree of
built in each case and Collecting the total amount oi the line
from the hall members involved
According to CoiHP president
Steve powell, "Langan hall Violilted at least right sections of
the men's house I‘m S, as stated
in the Student Handbook. water-
(lay night If each \'i0lﬂlt0n had
occurred only once. the minimum fine that could he assessed would be $75 sort-over, a
rough estimate of the number
01 Violations that did take place
S
in Langan Saturday- night would
make possible a maximum purilslinicnt or six suggestions 0m
school or over $700 in lines"
In accompanying punishment
iiowcll said that his cheat coin
corn was “the general disrcspcct
for rules and regulations in
Langan hall and the rciusal oi
small leaders to assume any rec
sponsibility l'
duncan president
Pete SITY'
der, who was not in tlic hall ati
said that,
the time oi the party.
the- l6 men responsible for the
‘iiicidciit civic, “1) oltci-cd to
pay for any lines and. 2)
their wellington to appear
dividuallv victory the Men’s Pl‘lv
many your-t."
Thc CoiHP punisliiiiont rcccmmciidation will be suhinittcd to
the sons Primary Court where
local action will be taken
iN OTHER IMPORTANT business. tloircll announced that the
CotHP‘s proposed orientation
rule changes have been Subnlittv'
cd to the Budgets. Nominations
,and contributions Committee of
the scripts ice approval,
voices ,
lH' _
l
Thc proposed changes would
delete the present section oi Ar—
title V!I ot the men's house
rules stating that, “calls rntrst
present their programs to the
roll-[P in the sailing for approve
al'
I‘llc proposed change
follows:
l. The orientation program
will llc lcit to the discretion
oi the individual hills. l
2. The pl cut or mental
abuse or new students by “1)pt-rcliissmcn and/or the rcqilil'count 01' new students by
iippcrclassmcn to car out
action intel ing subscrviciicics
or travesti simon individual
lrccdoms is ii-otiibitcd,
a) it [is violation the above
conditions will he sultjet‘i. 10
penalties roiigiiig hour a min.
imum civic oi i to relocation
or not‘i'tl pr lilegos for one
SEnIcslel‘
h) individuals violation the
above conditions will lie pubs
ject to a disorderly conduct
fine or not less than (on dollar's. ,
is :is‘
'ptis,
,included
,bciorc
exciting and completing issues ‘l
‘Jack sherman's providence,
SGA Election sets 80% Vote;
sherman Will Head Government
in the election held last Mon.
'day lack sherman dctcatcd
Dvaic Golden for the post ot SGA
president by a vote of 514 to,
377. Over 80 per cent oi print
intel students voted in this exec—
iron, llhich featured the use of
voting machines to facilitate the
counting-
Following is a vote breakdown
between north and south Cams
North campus—sherman.
279; Golden, 191 South campus
—sherman, 235; Golden, 186
"The fact that over an per cent
oi the Grinnell student body iclt
to veto in the SGA
electron indicates that the cam—
paint this y car actually did bring
the student body many
noted present SGA president A1
Boston
Boston conlrniicd, "It is to be
hoped that this interest in the
campaign will carry oicr into
hiv—
ing- him both backing and guide.
lines for his pro
AWS proxy
to be Named
This Evening
The newly-elected pi evident oi
tlic Aws Board will be happen
at dinner tonight by current
president, Donna io bailey.
Voting between the two can»
estimates, party Martin and Anne
Bl‘insulin, was held earlier today and votes have been table»
watch by the AWS Board.
The two candidates were featured at a notice held Monday.
where they presented their personal \‘le s on the role or the
AWS President and answered
questions presented from the
floor,
Next Wednesday. March t3,
at hours is the deadline for applications for Aws Board. All
eligible junior women are invited to apply for the board. apply-
‘sections should he turned in to
lDonna Jo bailey.
 
PFPE to Present nov. Hughes
rid ltdto legislative Seminar
The , liaior issues or the 1963
General Assembly" will be (11V
closed at next Wednesday's State
Legislative Seminar to be held
on the Grinncll campus
Featuring two panel sessions.
participated in by the six leads
era oi tlleJSSS Iowa General Assembly. and a donna patch by
Governor Harold E. Hughes, the
seminar is sponsored by the college‘s Program in Practical Po—
optical Education, directed by C,
admin Gilmour (poll. sci).
Opening activities will be a
panel description on the “translator's View” of the issues Serv‘
ing as conflicts will be Lt. nov
and Senate President w.
booty, House Speaker Robert W
laden. and the party floor lead.
era li-om both houses
The evening session will in.
crude those 5' . plus Governor
Hughes. and still center around
“Executive . Legislative relations,” Both ollhcso meetings are
open to the public and will be
held in counsel' lounge. The
alter-noon paiicl is scheduled for
4-15 o'clock and the winning
panel for 3 o’clock.
governor Hughes
“The Governor‘s Vici following
a 6:15 pm. dinner for all parents s, Grinnell students faculty,
and state, and guests from the
community and other colleges
will hiv c
 
Sigma Delta Chi Sponsors
Discussion on Role of Paper
“What should the tale of the} mail of the student faculty Callistsud“ 31935 35
grinnell roll
age
charles @Black
Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi
 
Vol, LXX
Grinnell,
Iowa, Friday, March 8, I963
No. 2t
 
hello May Speaks March I7
Dr hello May. second guest
lectures in the Gates lecture Se—
lies for 1953. will be on campus
Sunday, March 17, through Tues-
,clay,i Maicli 19. l
i A noted authority in the ﬁelder
of ethics, DSYChOBnalySlS, ahdr
lacadcmie psychology, May iv
ldchvei three lectures concerning
e potential pay
college publicatiotls\be at Gr—in lmittcc on publications, are [aclehOIUEY and Freudian attitudes!l
field College?" This is the sub-multi participating in the debate will ICSmd ‘0 the Problem of self—
ject or a discussion sponsored
by sigma Delta Chi Mens Pro—
emotional Journalism Fraternity
ncvt Monday at lvlo p.m in
counsel Lounge.
Both faculty and students arc
participating in the informal
discussion which will he led
by Donna Jo Bl'iley. Aw S.
president. Steve powell, CotHP
president. Jim Hattield and hair
ry tracker, past editor and
managing cdiioi or the 5&3,
Woli Grabendor-it, and xml Herr
7.02. Current editor of the 585134
members Prescott (Englishsjotilu
valium), advisor to Sigma Delta
Chi, permits Ludwig, \‘the press—
sent oi the college and number
of Sigma Delta Ch‘ and Wlls
licm kevin, (chemistry) chair»
Cr 'g henderson, president of
lSigma Delta Chi, will moderate
the gr.our
Among the questions to
considered arc: How thorough
should news coverage be in a
ncrispapcr for a community
this small? How much emphasis
should be placed on editorials
and cdito-al campaigns? Who
determines editorial policy?
What role should the paper play
in college public let'dtlons?
Should there be sensor-ship oi
editorial policy by a faculty or
student group without the news
paper state.l
The discussion is to bc closely structured. including come
meets and questions not only
,t'loan members of the panel, btrt
also trout the audience.
be,
knowledge.
Following the Monday and
Tuesday lectures, there ivili be
u coffee hour in Yormkcr
lounge, where students will
have the opportunity to quESr
tion May not only on problems
discussed in the lectures, but ,
also on prolilcnis brought out
in various articles and excerpts
which will be available in the
post ofﬁce and a number or
books which will be on reserve
in the library.
The 53-year-old graduate oi
Oberlin College began his car
rccr as an instructor at the
American College in Saloniki,
Greece, in 1930, followed by seven years of accident counseling
at Michigan State Universityv
’11l.
Dr. hello May
term contributed to various volumes, his writings include “The
Art of Counseling,” “The Springs
‘of Creative Living," “The Mean»
,ing oi Anxiety.“ and editor of
“Existence: A New Dimension in
Psychiatry and Psychology."
‘ At present, May is a plastic-
‘ing psychoanalyst in New York
His academic positions are nu-
‘men‘our: Adjunct professor of
Clinical Psychology at New
‘world Uh easily, Fellow member of the trends oi the oil—
liam johnson White Institute of
Psychiatry, Psychology and Psychoanalysis, and associate n
University Seminars at Columbia.
lWestfall to Talk
lat Phi pete Chapel
it richard s festival (history)
and City College of New works‘will be the speaker at the Phi
and lectureships at Northwestern Beta Kgppa Chapel to he held
Univ era
Dartmouth College next friday, March 15 at it am
Vanderbilt. University and C07 H‘s subject will be “Not TWO
lambda University In 1949 Maytcnrltures_Either One or a Huni-cceivecl a PhD. train Columbia died."
In addition to numerous chat~,
Placards, hearts and Guns at Convention
By Karen Adliinson
S its B Feature Editor
Wild and woolly was the alter?
noon session oi the SGA convention besides the usual tags and
concentrations, this year's Conn
mention witnesses the rock as.
destination oi a according spcirlicr iorv Scurvy Orvric. the Benevolent Lechcr bv a member oi his
opposition. sleeping Prii-spanish.
batteries alter the ricndishly
closer investigation in “Manchurian Candidate," this investigation list Saturday sql'v‘Cd only
to spur a demonstration for
Scurvy oi-vic rather than as a
calculated springfield to optics.
Earlier the convention had
been called to order by Al Boston acid a better at hanging
signs and eololful costumes P111 ion the improving nature: of his Steve powell
fields announced Main Hall
the “Home DI the Labor
as
Move-,
event," and Main generates ap—
placed ir-r maternity
watson. glad in T—shirts
gym short. took its place in a
specially designed cage
started of Joel
el' eat ed out their
they started Small red horny on
the heads,
lelinquished their Chairs
comfortable mattresses and rolled
about in luxurious ease in bahamas. bathrooms, and bedroom
shoppers,
The nomination speeches were
glib in their promises and due
viii tltcii predictions if their coordinates here not elected. They
also included the biology by a
recorded of the animal candidate
because
speech file minutes be-
aspects
ate my
clothing
and ‘
Smith Hall dclcgates'l
i
{artistic in a chronic w
lions the call to order.” There‘
was another oi Dwayne Pronto
house's essays, this time on
“What Lechery Means to Me.”
the Origami
best parts oi everyone's plan—
form. r
were enthusi
dev all
delegatesiindepandcnt no doubt
equipped into two or three, Dir
,ing terrain oi-pic's demanstl'd-l
latin his lecture thcinc songs
(song to the tune oi “ticket,
house Club’) was blarcd by a
‘brass band. w lie in Dave holders demonstration the band
\‘as supplemental by a levy or
lGoldcn air.ls To keep order;
petroleum in at
concentrations
“my candidate black SS uniform and Alt peter- ‘buﬁsalem
son biandlshed an a\ l
The afternoon calculated in
the instructor ballot. The and
founded Candidates received a
gathering oi support,
vorrte sons. The Cleveland color—
tliieiv their votes en
cause to OIV raising because
‘lllS platform is the most sun
Main delivered some of its Votes
to Johnsons baby products'
sea- the-iii its support behind
standard. The Smith delegation
announced that it had apply on.
ed its votes in 127 river-cm
mrs
Then the games founded. The
elegatcs disappeared in their
bright costumes, to reappear an
hour and a half later uncostunlcd sense and serious. The gay
or the afternoon had
ended.
but posts
which The generates were also remind—‘ol the votes were swing to fa»
(“The Beast")'ed that if elected,
coleman. The barnes Hall cells101‘able could put into Effect the its girls
name as t. isehmidt (F r e n c h).
’ Debieki
‘the Housemothels for color‘its’ ‘
Announced at the chapel will
‘be the names of seniors elected
was new members oi Phi Beta
lKappa. R. women Norton this-
‘tokyo, president of the college
lchapter of Phi Beta happy, will
present the membership martin.
(sites, assisted by the chapter
semi‘etai Guillermo vendors
(biology).
In addition to election seniors
o membership, the Chapter has
also named the following new
officers to one-year terms beginning May 1: John R. Kleinpresident‘
teens-beth A Christi-driven (blog
ogy), vice president, Andrew P.
(Spanish), secretary;
and canyon A, Knopf (economic
its) treasurer
ADDRESS
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 3. l963
 
 
started and Black
GEINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell, lawn
a werlsly newsllr’web established pitch friday oi inc t-ouccc
. hiv their_f:iiiiiiell Committee on stirrl art Publications. \all
.l. serial, chllrm r ncoicscincu r ukuoiinl .ulieirisi
ci» ce, ln college Publishers n
laser .tue. is st 5 1. street. h‘ r. Setouil
class post, c paul at Grinuell, Subscription rule thin
per school re
.luis lies rConrad in
Lynn or , r
, John will
luisii Lucpkcr
Len Calailiiry, Phil iriiic
, . water lllilli-r
air liar-z
less nimll. ,
.lsSlsTah'T NEWS ED
Corr EDITOR . .
space EDITORS .
CHI‘ PHOTOGRIAPHEIK .
~ 'H'l‘l
(-t-urxc rules . Lei c
gui- christian
tllrsl .lx'rs . . l.cult- iii-.irlciii-ir.
 
For Co‘FHP President
In the pilot the
are issues.
Three of the candidates for the post have taken stands
past CofHP Pl-est.lncpsi-cold hospital ward is aw-
\l'italic the tradition of the platforms 0'
1—_¥— David right'source
forum for percent
‘ On the assumption that this
paper's “requiring reported"l‘nature would be much better if
no questions were asked and all
the people interpreted got to
choose their own subject for a
comment instead, your communist
rendered around last week
,talking to people. The following
quotes capture, 1 think. the very_
pulse and apartment of our corrimunity.
George cal
cheap hotel.
‘ Keir selling‘: The answer lies in
ltd'lc past.
Sllnl Scriiiiiiaii: At Grinnell,
policy is the best poverty.
c. P. (Mario) Mnyhugh: What
gis history but a table agreed
Life is not a
_ we [or not’HP president has been upon?
(caused largely on the basis of personality. This year there
George ‘wallace: S c h n n l) el
livesl
media Cliol‘osll: I think the new
cents They are fundamentally devoted to the status que “my “‘09-
ll_ regard to rule enforcement find living
l\orth Campus. They stress no particular goals.
conditions on
nuanc Klironke: Elections are
coming up.
steve Bruoli rm hcl'closing
belize somewhat . I thought you
might know what it was.
Bruce Porter: Yes. Virginia,
there is a KGRW
Mike Kohl'in: I'll never forgot
old \vhal's-her'vn‘dale
Howard Weinstein: Who‘s that
link with the iiiici-ophone in his
board?
Bill Johnson: What‘s Hi)?
John Edgrcn: It's that rafc of
discount which would make the
present value of a series of one
parties given by the returns ex—
‘posted from the capital
during its life just equal to its
supply price:
Jay henderson:
The biggest
‘in the world was the guy who:
blocked on cambridge’s door,
i Tom Phillips: jvc learned that
la bottle of brands and a song
are the only ones who ever care,
oh Lord
David Liglitbourne:
not even the known
cold feet.
Nobody,
has such
asset i
llc Defense of
Campus Style
To the Editor:
For the past low weeks i
have read with interest the
comments in the sen containing
to \vomiln's fashion on Criiincll
campus 7 Mr. Grabendorfl s 'a title and the subsequent white
to the editor At this point I am
somewhat confused, and i think
it is time for some defining ol
tcrlnsilust what does constitute
being “well di-essedl'l
Furthermore I should like
to point out that the fashion
expert who was here with the
Style Clinic found that the
girls on this campus were
very well granted, except for
a certain minority, whose
rights we, as members of a
, democracy, are dedicated to
l defend.
i As a passing comment, I
would like to suggest that Mr
‘Gi-abandoned try paying sms
every other week for hose Pe .
maps he would come to approve
etc bobby socks as we girls do!
Judy Preisslc
If a decision were to he made among them, it would
have to be made on the basis of personality.
Peter cohen, however, is a candidate who stands outside this tradition. He has expressed the desire to see an
end to hypocrisy, to see students efforts rules which they,
understand and believe in. He minds to see rules combo-l
title with the oftcexln‘essex aims ot"the college. ‘
motion presents a plan of section which includes a 51ch
.our’r Lamb
claim set 01' goal
to refuse to cool
at point it can be expected he will view his obligation as personality m the Kennedy en-lCOHﬂiEtS
dining to the students, not the administration.
Too often the role of CofHP President has been seen 301”” McNamara. “ has been tend “m‘md
as a caretaker, putting possible change in the fat folder
marked, ”Open some other time.”
Cohen’s platform i
excellent. Whether or not he could
He sees cooperation with the eliminate
in value recently to call McNamara to task for the extent
site calling to task that he has
done since his appointment.
t'lnslzlte ‘it into 1m all'e action is otlr only doubt. He, While the National Review M,
however, is the only Czllltllt‘l'rate complicated to positive actionﬂcugeg him of “gross waste of the
Concert,
Tomorrow
Free Bowling, 7.12 pm
St. Louis Symphony, Roberts Theatre, 3.30 pm.
'Post Concert Reception. New Union, in 30 pm.
.7. P. H. taxpayers' money . . after all
,he is too busy mu using never—
‘also‘ most of the critics play on
an indeed fear of anyone who
exhibits truly remarkable leadership capabilities.
‘ His “computer-like" mind has
become legend. Both singles-
‘signal Committees and the Tv
lpublic have been aged by his
vrzlpld delivery of integrate sara-
concern. xerox quarter with Richard Howe, spanish. Roberts logic permit and observe data
Theatre, :2 pm.
Movie, "Rashoinon," A.R,H, 10 pin.
Sunday
College Church, Dr, Bllrklc, 11-30 am.
Open Rooms, North Campus, 275 pm.
Open Swimming, 2:30.430 p.in.
KRNT Trip, Kingston Trio, 6 0 pm,
ice Skating to music,
iMovic, “Rashomon,” ARR, 9:30 can.
Wednesday
Ice Skating to music, career plaza, 8~il pm.
Thursday
members. nor-rick Chapel. 9; 5 pm.
career Pl La, 8-11 pin.
lit is topless, however, to refuse
lpetulant attacks on his cape1politics. Rather, his characterization be evaluated with respect
to his most important task the
holding of a military strategy
for the atomic age.
The earliest popular attempts
at strategyzbullding, “containment," and “massive reservation."
‘proved inadequate when tested
 
Pele Klein
the Action, Belief Equal?
By Peter L. Klein
Docs justice ask any man to tested his own
sorts? Does equality ask any people to fostertheir own enemiesl Does freedom ask any covered
merit to protect its own assessing"
bus ce, equality and freedom when applied
to societies 01‘ nations are not abstract ideals. It
is a misconception or these terms to believe that
a just state or a free society can maintain equality for all. Justice is before the law, equality.
within the law. Those violation the law do not
face the same equality, as those opening i
A government based on law acts within its
matrix of justice, equality. and freedom when it
finished those who village its rules; but this
matrix also fixes the maximum restrictions the
a government can place on the rights of its title
lens.
IS THE DICCARRAN ACT consistent with our
basic rights? Our government is certified in
finishing anyone who currently tries to oven
throw our government But. is accounting the
over-throw of a government equivalent to attempting to over-throw a government?
If accounting is a crime. is it also a crime to
admit belief in the same principles" Does ourgovernment object to the results or the Coinmun t movement, or is it just their methods
if it is only their methods, could the nature results be achieved by grammar. legal methods”
These questions can not be completely answered in this article or in this whole series of
articles; but before we too rashlv judge the MeCari-an Act, we must examine them more close
1y. First, several terms used in the act must bc
defined:
“The term ‘zldvocates' includes admin recommends, partners by every act. and add - belief
in; and their giving. loading, or promising of
support or r . _ anything or value , . . "
“The giving, loading. or promising-of support
or . any other i ing oi value for any our-
pose to airy organization shall be conclusively
produced to constitute aililiatioii therefore;
. " tooth definitions are front HR. 9490 See.
Since the term “allocated" including both
“fulthels by every act" and "adults belief ii 'l
it is extent that the Mac an Act finds 'oclc
ing." "amocatlng," and "something belief in",
equivalent tel-ms. Thus. if accounting is a crillle,l
then to admit belief in the same principles is}
also a crime.
From both of the above definitions we call
also see that accounting conclusively constitutes
affiliation with an organization. Mere membership
in a Communist organization. however, is not 2.
crime; active participation is necessary. But
since “allocated" includes “partners by over‘ll
act” it is an active participation; lherct‘are. add
eating is a crime. since accounting is a crime. it‘
follows typically that something belief in tlit,
same principles is also -.i crime —
The McCarran Act finds two major objectives
to the Communist implement‘ all that it uses
espionage sabotage .and terrorism to accomplish
its objective“. and (2) that its primary purposes
is to estate h a humanitarian dictatorship in the
United States.
Tim AFOREMENTIONED definitions clearly
show that airline merely something a belief viii
the columnists objectives is commitment- a ci- ne‘
Thus, it anyone tried to accomplish the Com
nudist‘s objectives by surely legal methods, they
still would be commitment a crime. l
When our government made “acting," "ddvo-l
eating," and “something belief in“ equivalent
terms, they entered the thought control business ,
No longer are they everything their legal rights;
but they have transgressed the rights of their
citizens. Freedom does not ask any governments
to protect its own assessing; but it does demand
that a government does protect those merely v ' el
ing a difference of opinion. '
respectively. Under
itourage is Secretary of DefenseiEisenhower, the dialogue cent‘
the alternative
lstrategies of “counterforce,” and
“finite dependence.” The latter
holds that a force capable of
collecting unacceptable damage
‘on the social fabric of air enemy
nation w l peter any attack. A
“counterforce” strategy, on the
other band, would act for the
destruction of enemy weaponry
alone. ‘listing thereby to make
sense of a nuclear war once it
has begun. Although both of
these strategies have esoteric
theoretical underpinnings, each
one involves clearly distinction.
able policy alternatives includ
ing feelings on certain for-cc
levels.
ATTE era at limiting any
one service‘s role. hon-ever, are
rendered by two factors- strip—
rural inertia in the Pentagon
and a traditional Congressional
resistance to deny any defense
requests. The Eisenhower
registration unified their inabillily to deal with the situation
,through the adoption of a “Mi.
Strategy" which arbitration inc
lclllded e. swing features of both
‘plans.
, McNamara brought to this
situation the effectiveness an
‘intelligence necessary to cope
‘with the institutions involved.
He made it clear that the Pen-
add‘
Secretary McNamara intended
te with him, and ‘rlL personally in the Kennedy all—tin the Korean and Indochlnese‘wagon must respond to attempts
at rationalizing its function. One
of his many representations involved changes comparable in
scope to regarding the Ford
iMotor Company, no small task
as its exri-evident must know,
Congress found also that it was
dealing with a man of stubborn
discretion through such episode
as the RS 70 dispute.
The “no cities" doctrine class
stated by McNamara in his June
speech at Ann Arbor represent.
ed a defining strategy choice
This “rcunterforce” ,dolls i n e
aims at limiting the instructor
‘ncss of nuclear conflict while
inot increasing the incentive for
a pr adaptive strike. McNa—
intro's over—riding concern has
been to provide a “series of but
tons" to enable responses to a
variety of military the its. As
trust one attempt to refine the
”space response” that he inherited, he has , - atly specialized
the Army Special Forces Pro»
grain,
The Us. need no longer plan
its strategies around the e.
species of a Pentagon bureau.
'cl‘any, Congress may no longer
jindiscriminalely vote Defense
insight increases. Rationalizing
lthe structures and strategies of
emotional defense demands a man
of Gzlrgafltllan capabilities. MClNamarn is such zl man.
 
‘00
Letter
we appreciate the artistic
of the Grinnell std—
art,
Cl'eﬂl ivory
sent.
Who but a listed Grinnellian‘
seriously devoted to art could
inn a acceptable ashtray of
chi econccarnc, chocolate
lying, license, copper with penn
nut butter, and spaces with n
llzlli'removed. still smoldering
iearetle butt" This sort of ill:sllaet art is most popular.
Beautiful works of reality 7
totally announced hello or western
Int often be seen. Depicc
lions or still life such as fresh
fruit around.
MANY or Grinnell's bidding
amateur-s double in water color.
Emplo ing a material of napk I»
like texture. these persons expo-o s themselves with bold
green and puzzles, and
follows and browse. which works
are usually enclosed in a "glass"
case.
The additions rural printer
approaches a whole 3' x 12’
icanvas Over oliicli he splattersl
pudz.
warm '
cities Ealcis are Artists, root
‘jul Work Stays on the Tables
to the Editor:
As connoisseurs of Saga fine
and scanners various liquid. gel—
clinics. and solid media These
blend together in a root of color
to catch the eye of even the
most casual observer.
Sculpture, though rare at
Ci-innell, nevertheless exists. it
centers around choosing strip—
turns of five to ten glasses in»
seriously inter-balanced with
knives and bread slides
Displays filled with hidden
meaning usually prove to be the
cuts using feature of the Saga
exhibit. Viewed from almost any
angle the work assembled an inserted bowl Upon moving this
ceramic, however, one di one i hidden meaning wrestling
crown his shirt front.
It is our largest hope that
once the beautiful faculty etc
civil is removed from Schucffer
called , the inspired young a
lists of Cowles dining room will
be given equal opportunity to
,display the "fruit" of \hair ei—
stores
l Mac Marshall
boston powers
 
Friday, March 8. [963
' parties of 4 Year
intended by Class of '32 Alum
Editor’s note: Paul R. deliver
'32, rather oi Grinnell's iledi
Bcnll and an admittedly loss
talgie scanner ot the charles
and Block, strikes a blow for
hell popularity in the following ,
excerpts from a recent letter
to his daughter. The slim
presents it in light at the current discussion or changing the
men’s hall system to a rotatiiig' plan a in South Campus.
Benll is currently a consultant
in industrial and military management.
”On organizing calls while
staying put . IBM all the
guys so you have the true true
chapter, than Just deal ’end out
et- it Might come out something
like this:
“Thirteen solid Crtype all.
providers, ‘i’funded's‘ for short;
one bamo player for two guitaristsl; ll cocks; three Phi rates;
seven serious musicians; two
ETO’s (BMOC’S); 1 chess ta
game of pure skill) player _
this will ensure wholesale inter—
Hall exchange of good hello\v-,
ship because chess cannon be
played a cappella; one shortly
one real thick, tliick numskull. l
“Such a Hall otla have a fairy
President, 50 let. him be fair.
(reprint. him, don’t risk an exec-1
tion!) Fairly tall, fair skilled, }
fair failed, fair eyed, fairly nice,
holds And Flu
different l
* Dristaii 1
iv Anucin
* Aspirin
* Sucretes licenses
* subscriptions
THARP
PHARMACY
““'micro Drugs are
not a side line.” i
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Hall System ,
plays
_ ‘1" “‘0 mm”- _ ‘ By Richard onicineyer
la ly bright, a true fall man; a, In last weeks 501““ and Four persons have ﬁled petirair egg. iBlm'rk- In answer 10 the (We? tions for candidate in the come
“It has my great guy goods “0“5 1°" ”‘8 landing“ [01‘ SGA ing Council or House treatments
fortune to live in DIBBLE HALI..‘president. l was quoted as 51 ' pr identify election Current
These were the carefree years mg that academy PICSSU'C \“ ‘ president Steve powell reported
or ’28 “laugh ~32_ no“, we did too intense, For the record: mm) the student senate (hat cam
enjoy our unEQUALnossll ‘ll‘a'lm‘lbmg my answer “updates Jim McKlveen Jon La
up." trmpmpmyy» we had a written a very important worthlson oem. woman and ham Cm
nearly loved houscinother, Mi-s.l“"°l" 1 ‘10 ”Di thmk academic‘ver'sc would be featured at a‘
Sam Roinlkel', who nipple any 11"“ ““0 ‘5 “70 inline- I ('0 ML coach hour Sunday at 7 pm in
or that there in the but. Good "New“. “‘2“ "“"W “CW5 Youlikel' lounge When questionnaire we had her too. black no ”mm”? m "efmng 3”“ Pres" ed about the ”recent incident inpi-spring; had outgrown such “”05 ‘0' “‘9 5”““0115Ludc‘ll- ,solving Langan Hall, powell
said that Langan had been ap-
little kid still' as . . . an items—1
pic exhibition a invention to‘ pi-changed on eight counts. lie‘
type.’ (Prof. Ryan violation) ‘ further stated that the CufHPl
“WC women't 'antiontcllcctua lead recommended to the court
Dave Bridgliam gave us a target. lthat the hall be hood, the one
‘be collected by the house press—
Every single night after all others llzltl gone to bed he read a (left, and that Langzln’s social
lfuiids be li'ozcn until the ﬁnc‘
» , ,1seller Appearance
Y palm 0 was paid.
Jack sherman
Student Requests
they have no interest;
‘ 2. The Student Senate often .
is, historic student opinion;
= 3.1llc student Senate has
i been iiicrteetive as an lnStl‘lk
ment at student will because i
or its concern with “what the
administration will think";
4. Students at Giiiinell Col- l
icgc are able to decide which ,1
issues are important to them l
and are capable or expo-e iiig
pound and a half, books from To the Editor:
cover to cover. Others or us‘ Grinnell College is at a turn- Applications for Associated
read books, too. I mean swing point- College board scores \women Students Board memo
plain reason' books; not assign- have been steadily r ing in the her-ship will be accepted through
events. least. tour or live years to a view;Wednesday by Miss Donna do
no" trigplityv None 0. thgitl‘high with this year's ti-esliiiien;lBi-iley, AWS Board president
We stayed loose A good number The Liberal Arts test has been‘ Changing the trend set last
or the football team live in lib-email‘ly well cstallllshedl Obligas ’ " " ‘ *'
bee, a number of musicians, ”is lions to the FgrdA ﬁrm: are +
closing THE campus musician,‘nearly complete; n te miracle H H R
many allegivilig lM spui'women,;0[ the company !’ ! Ford 6 es a ea
and a number of individllalists SpmlSOI‘S' buildings is 500" “1
who might elsewhere have been begin. What kind of school is +0 Recall send'l‘
picked upon found liable their Grinnell going to be time years To the Edit".
“we“ _ {mm ““133? _ After a consideration or the
“There were great Crinnell One of the greatestcspressions,“mm: of the Student Senate
songs and good DIBBLE songs, of the liberal arts education isdmhg the past yeah the follow.
too. 1 recall: the ability to think for himself-line decision was made in al
We‘re the boys from DIBBLE [Wlthm this goal- howeverr “es Housemceti (on March 4, 1963:
HALL. DIBBLE HALL. la ﬁre?“ danger-We must ”y ‘01 “The men of Gates have ste-l
Warm the boys from .3135”; establish some line between con»,used the followed donations:
HALL, toronto mid‘noilsconformily. Inst 1 mm is mm] student
An’ we have you one and ﬁlos ”“9“?“ banks “‘“S' “‘9". .a-"dl apache herausegstudents must l
You’re a gang of “ﬂmakers ALL lrewgn‘ze the” "eslwnsmmms often consider issues in which ‘
Damn your sides! ,not only to themselves but to
..The men, an the men of an‘those around_allen, their schools
the calls, stood as one man 3““ ,‘I‘E‘FISWE‘X
when brake, Wash U or they slide m ones Appearance
Oklahoma eagles came to town. not only ah asset to rule's 5011
But we all loved our calls. Kid‘b‘” r10 Grmhell College as a
stud, Like traternitc. dec alwhole If one does not obtain
team ﬂking a 13.17 m combat, a sense ol april'ccialiun row- lselfls
p, :upcoming at point or at below.
up]??? g‘fmpy‘glehfgﬁ gggjfhit is doubttut he or she will cvs‘
hub into/nothing but (hmcuhyhcr achieve this value This could
prove to be quite an obstacle for.
Paul R- “6““: 32 issue to overcome in later like 3
13°F 1562 Employers, graduate schoolsandl
“MW“, Md- yellow students like to take‘
Jn‘ide in the appearance oi that
people they hire. accept, or with.
lwhoni they associate it may be
argued that our can share or
1ink one's hair and put on clean
‘Clotllcs for a graduate school or
,job interview, but it won't take
along for your personal habits to
lappcar
Shelter Sports .
Requested by 1
Civil Defense l
Gl’innell College has been re-
This problem dress't real it created by the Us, civil De,
sell. I have talked to seven'alliance authorities to make €01,
‘ln‘collections wllu \tel'e (“scores legs buildings available for :llrs
Religion Board Openings
Applications are now available for positions on the Board
oi Religion, Those wishing to
apply may obtain applications
from the Board’s president, or
iiom any Board member. No
application will be accepted art—
er Saturday, March so
 
 
rated front attending Grinnell i-aid protection for both students
simply on the appearance and and townspeople. The College
DANISH MAID documentation or some oi the std- lholds a large share or the suit
hdmlls on this campus El‘enluﬂllc‘able shelter space in the com,
illllS train may be an accepted infinite
BAKERY l‘identity on this campus and this The plan is Hm Specialists of
type or student will become the thE federal government m" 5,",
rule rather than the exception. lWY me buudmgs and mm,“
Grmlmll College. unless I'm mind shelter areas. it the Col-‘
easily mistakes. not only likes love approved the use or
to take pride in the 8Pi>eat‘anne:designers(1 areas as theaters.
0! los camPUS- but also the air then the federal government
entrance of the students they will stock them with necessary.
accept, have on campus, and rE- ‘reserves of good, water, medicare
HOME OF
QUALITY
 
lease to societyilt’s a collection supplies, etc.
 
on them. The solution of this The pros.am or designated
-l>rohlcm has partly with the A 'land preparing theaters is a long—
missing Deparmlwt. but theatre nationwide effort. The pi .
greater part at this responses’ . gray is designed for general
”it has among “1C SitldcnlS- Ibicparedncss and not melissa ly
lliorey iinyinond to meet any specific emergency.
 
SALES l5 REPAIR g RENTAL
* Smith - Corona
* Olivetti
7:30 o.m.——-10:00 pm.
365 Days
, plans for
‘ their
l finished
l the Gates Senators could
. alter
Page Three.
level irc Reply Senate years Reports, Continues
at"‘“anﬁonion Committee registration
week when the salary ot the
Social Coordinator was publisher'.
the senate decided that the in
bars at the Social Coordinat
Committee should remain
meal. The senate tclt that the salaries would provide an additions1 incentive to the committee db
llig the 40 to 60 hours a me
that each member must well
The Social Planning Board we
directed to investigate what '
or not the social system too.
be changed so that less ti
would be required or each co 1‘
little member.
Several legislative changes
being considered by the Eu
its, Nominations, and Consti [tions committee. One :ould g -e
the Women’s trim iy Court our
addiction over disc derby cold
on south campus Another you‘d
provide a strictly listed'pi‘eval ii
of illegal orientation program
but remove the empirically U7satisfactory iequlrernent the
orientation progra .
be approved by the ColliP.
sites Decision
e Members
individual opinion-s
through the more represents—
time means or petition;
5. The ColliP, AWS Board,
and Executive Cabinet are
more capable of performing
titans mental tasks now actor»
through the Student
Senate te.g., house rule
changes and marketing). Since
DE
more objective- it they hardware concerned solely
with coordination legitimate
hall interest and opinion,
Gates hall has decided to re—
call its Senators until iiirthtr
‘ notice."
Gates l-value
Roger christopher
provide-m
bus Holds
Fund Raising
Tile World University Sei~dec‘s annual find—raising fri
.will take place this Sunday. Hrepresentatives will collect co ,
traditions between 1:30 and 3m
in their forms.
wuss objectives are to meet
rlhc basic needs of institutes
or higher education and ill
Students and \half. imperial
through the development a .
shipping or new sell—help tee
iiiqucs and to poster cooperatit
and understanding between ti»
,university and communities
all nations.
l The
the, WES
important
times source is that done by n
tion and local committees. Su
day morning's chapel donations
will be contributed to the WUS.
, As a result ol the \VUS (iu
‘lion and carnival $1100 LOWdl
‘El 9.0a] of $1500 has been Co,
elected
Honor 6 initiated
twenty-five More
Twenty—live new incinbc
were recently- accepted in':
,Mens Honor G after couple‘line two weeks or initiative
most
a Year
DRIFT DOWN TO THE
VARSITY
 
* series
LOW COST REPAIR ON ALL MAKES
* *
SEE US FOR:
Personalized Address Labels
appointed March
School and Party
Mimeogrophing
GRINNELL OFFlCE SUPPLY
"ACROSS FROM THE POST OFFICE"
‘lwhieh included an informal information in party and a minor
win the FDR on February 21. TI“:
new members . El on you—
l‘era. Bob Chub ice. Chip Clarke,
Jerry Cozad. Jay butler, epson
Ethclbah, Dave larger, D
luis liomcrin. Morgan Michc
lyric Miller, Rein rural, Pe
Stabcn, Skip \through,
lBeckoi-d, llod Brown,
‘lleichs, sorry Langhain.
matter on. slide Smith. car
valley, Ed Johnson. Jim Rail.»
buy find \will Van force.
‘k *
Book Covers
Supplies
 
PA ’16 Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
friday, March 8. I963
 
McK/been: President 'Coordinator' [not 'grow/er'
As a Candidate (or president
of the Cam? I am interested in
having that organization looked
upon not as a police force, bill
as a group of l'CSpOnSiblC young
men who are expected by those
who elect them to maintain a
responsible degree of order within their respective calls The
general level of student majority has shown in most cases that
such a system is quite portable
and successful, although student
agreement is never any strong-
Each student should be able not visitor, who is interested in havrecl that he can he himself, asking the individual house prev»
opposed to being a carbon coral credits upload the responsibility
oi a hall image. Sonic students‘that is given to them by their
naturally jan around more than electric and by the armenia
others ;this should not be cons tion, Hc should he a voice at
defined as ‘anti—intellectualism” italy student opinion within the
fit. should he entered and re executive cabinet and to the ML
succeed as the right of students registration, and should stiivc
to act as they want to act, pros iii- cooperation among the house
video they do not village rules treatments in the enforcement oi
or show lack of respect for the rules,
those engaged in more intcllcc— it is now becoming almost
with the
but more
compatible
situation,
existing
important
than that. i feel that it would
reflect the attitude of a tar
greater proportion of the male
students
An increasing role or indopeir
dance is being assumed by the
calls in the foundation or their
respective orientation programs
i feel that each hall should
orientation program in accordance with
dual activities.
The matter of rules and their
enforcement seems to be one of
the big itciiis ot concern in cam.
put politics this year, I feel that
the president of the CofHF
should not be a problem who
goes around warning in on one's
privacy He should be a could-
er than the students who given-n.
There is considerable variety
among the individual calls on
North Campus, it seems to me
there should also be an oppoi»
tuning iii- heterogeneity of stud
cents within the individual calls,
write to say that violations oi
the drinking rule c. . trees»
site and ilagrant violations,
however ,score to be fairly inireoucnt The policy of efforts-
mint used in past years, al—
though not ideal, has been re
console and just, A specialized
rule would certainly be more
the general opinion
Within the hall concerning order- ‘
nation. Each new student should
be tree to accept or reject any
individual part of the program.t
The program should be a code
structure one, with emphasis yes‘
ing placed on orientation rather
than on interpretation
Jim McKlveen
‘eliminate and execute its own
 
Toynbee Discusses Modern Role
of Religion in Era of Technology
A suggestion that the sister the West counter the world7
religions will survive only it Spanish and portuguese experience cleaner themselves brown ac- ,cncc suggests that it
cidcntal operations which are inriAlso, the West itself has been}
compatible with the modem 50 tabandoning ships ianity. ;
entlfic outlook, was voices hotel uwm any of the rahgjons out
Friday by 81' sh victorian Ar- ‘the I‘color‘VCStErl‘l peoples counter
hold J- Toynbee- the world? What happened int
Dr. Toynbee was deliveringi‘the Roman Empire suggests that;
the last in a series of tour leerithls is less unlikely. There the.
turespn “World History" aslconoucrcd Orientals did
John R. Heath Visiting Pi-ones~;flickr connectors capture by Con—i
for or History at Grinnell Colelvel'king them to their religions.‘
legs. Using “The Wcstcrnization, “put ,5 any single religion
or the World as his subject, thetgoing to win exclusive amp,
victorian asks dance in a technologically and
“Will either the tree enter-politicians unified worlds Religr
price theology or the Comniu—virus utilization is not a ncccs.
list theology win the allegianccﬁa coiiscoucncc of political
or banking? i think not. bar un station. Also, human nature
cause these offer only preceptsiis not uniform, and each of the
for collective lite 7 economic,iliistoric religions probably apsocial, politicalinot for privateipeals to a particular temple‘ae
and personal life, as the lists next. ,
1c religions do. 1 “Perhaps the historic religions
"Will the ancestral religion ofiwiu become, not matters of
ﬁw— birth, but matters at choice, so
,that their interests will come!
to be intermingled with cache
other gcograpiiically," ,
,Howe is Featured ‘
.Wiih xerox Group
i Richard Howe, (music), will‘
,be presented in concert tommy»
row night with the xerox‘
‘ali‘ilig quarter in itobcrts Thea»
tire. The concert will begin at
8 pm,
Numbers featured will be
quarter in c Major, “The Dis-i
,tenant." by Mozart; quarter in‘
c Minor, 0p. in, by embassy,
‘and quarter for Piano and
‘String in C Minor, 0p. 60, by
Brahms
i ” l
 
FOR AFTER
THE GAME
PARTIES. FOR
ANY FUNCTION
Order The cakes. cookies. and galleries from
ﬂnudity
/had by
520/9 ‘
923 blood St.
 
 
 
1
MAKE A DATE WITH t
A STEAK TONIGHT [
ENJOY THE FINEST FOOD AND
ATMOSPHERE lN GRINNELL
 
LONGHORN
if?
ll not, *'
take 1 ‘
l
Convention generates concentrate their next move at the SGA convention.
 
Poei‘ry, those
Confes’rs End
in One Mon’rh
The deadline top- transcripts
submitted for consideration in
the Stcinci- short story and
switching poetry competition
has been announced as April 3,
relatively. consultants should
submit their Work types and in
triplicate to Mi: cleaner.
German House
cheers Slow !Wants Members :
Farmers i
[received for membership in the}
Applications are now being
Men's and Women’s Gcrmaii
Houses for 196371964. row- union>
nation and application forms
ice the chairman of the harvest
or any member of the German
state.
lYannaios in Leaders Competition
i James Yannatos (music), who held in New York City from
iconducts the college orchestra, March 19 to April 7. Thirty—
is one oi six American condos. three countries will be repretoi-s chosen to represent the,center by connectors chosen by
United States in the limited the respective countries.
Mitropolos International Cons The first three prize winners
duties Competition, will be awarded $5,000 each,
3 He was selected after parties—lotus a guest appearance with
rating in the regional eonlpeti~‘the New York Philharmonic
union held recently in Chicago. Orchestra at Lincoln Center on
‘Thc prizes are $50 and $100, mi‘The final competition will beiApi-il 7.
Hopkins SendsrlNineléaHétrailsﬁi
3|n+reviewer Have 3.5 operates
' Named to the Hcrinits, freshi M“ wma‘d MGM “Wt“. 0‘ man scholastic contrary organic
the Department of Education,‘nation, were 19 students, Grade—
Johns Hopkins University, will,point of 35 or above is the
ie an campus on Tuesday, requiring top- membership.
March 12, from 11:30 am. until They are “board Balllyi James
R. Bruce, Robert eastern, Sleiaioo purpose of phcn Chandler, David Cole,
talking with students interested‘Danlcl F“‘°dna“d““- “be” “W
i ,nian, Bruce Kaurniann, John
‘in the Johns Hopkins M.AT. jersey, Keith King, Samuel
Lucas, Hugh Muilenbach, Allen
Peterson, Blair Ratclin, Allen
russian iii, Joel thunder, Edward Stcclc. stephen billy, Altotiicc. Room 102 Carnegie Hall ‘lrcd Wheelei, Jr.
pm,. for the
3program. All interested students‘
lshould sign up in the Placement
 
 
PERCULATORS
POPCORN
POPPERS
BAR WARE
GEORGE, 8r ROLF
HARDWARE
- "WE RENT HOST EVERYTHING"
919 Broad Street
Grinﬂall, Iowa
 
Friday. March 8, l9b3
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
'cohen Plans Strict, Student-centered Rules
There is a great diversity between the law as prescribed and i
the law as endorsed on North ‘
Campus, A major reason is that j
house treatments are called upon 1
to enlarge rules which they anti
their hall rates a) did not maker,
and bi do not behcvc in. l api'
promoting a rule of law on North _
Campus strict rule, but one :
that is directly related to what E
the students believe is just. ‘
If elected, l intend to blues-is
tion all the legislation which are:facts thestudents and lormulatc
new legislation which is compatible with the beliefs ot the std- ,
sent population. The house press—
cents would be responsible to
the students to make sure that
discussions would be made email-
   
Peter woman
 
* able to
:itheir
lthcy would be sure that their
. accident views
 
'1 nation
thorough all the legal channeIsImust accept the responsibility
‘lime then presented to the ads
lmlnistl‘action a‘s finished products
‘backed by student support,
Iliels, i would ask the armenia-
= station to aid us
- sequence and judgment by pub»
flashing
1 their rules, so that they can he
the students so that,
views were known and‘
the new legislature.
My acceptance ill these issues
goes to the student body before
anything else and the laws 1
ice] dedicated to ent'once are
student laws arrived at by dec
scratch procedure, not admin
trailer mandate. The students
house treatments were acting in’
representative facilities. These
would then be
used as the basis for new login-
which would be passed
 
‘for their actions; th, is involw
ed in the learning process, and
the present system forces them
ltd follow courses ol action for
While the students are diselwhkh “my cannon be resume
nursing and computing their be— me) sum the System in many
cases, villages their personal be—
links,
I intend to do everything in
my power to make legislation
applicable to this campus a die
rest result of the student voice
with its OX-
tltc rational bases for
and
the circulation
understood and
of
examined
realized in
j totals
  
  
l items by accepting
 
and the student tllllld.
 
in the event that student prozac vetoed. i think it
‘Would be obvious that there is
no student government. in this
case. the only alternative would
be to return the complete executive, judicial, and legislative
responsibility to the administration rather than continued dc—
added and innocent,
This platform allows both the
students and the administration
the opportunity to telling their
respective obligations; the still
cents to become responsible citresponsibil—
its and the administration are
losing them to become so by
printing them responsibility.
Peter cohen
universe Calls for ordering 0f CofHP Perspective
The problem hung the ColHP
president at present is [war
l‘old, First, the ComP does not
have a consistent sphere ol cons
*1 corn. Herc its president must act
as a coordinator Through his position on the executive cabinet,
he must establish what issues
and problems the Council should
examine, thus running that
sphere to which the CotHP can
,apply its emerging,
 
 
  
session in the calls, charles and‘end‘document, must see that both
black editorials and ColHP not- approaches do operate on any
tee hours. A COEHP called hour rule. In some cases good cntcrcc—
could be very creative. ‘l‘i’icnt must involve rule change.
An area oi increasing attention‘ In handling these problems
at Grinnell is the enforcement the persllcciive DI the Com? is
ol regulations. usually, enlarge— a very important factor- Each
ment or regulations is the ro-imcmbeh 0f the CUIHP is 3 reps
sponsorship oi each student; audio'eseniaiil'e‘of his calls Wei but
certainly, this the the most desiiulwhen he hits Oh the WWW he
able situation. Without a sigma-false accepts the respchsthihiy
cant amount ot responsibility at“ “fingering problems Within
 
’t issue,
 
     
  
Robin universe
 
GLASSES
Made and impaired in
our Laboratory.
Conrad Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. consent O.D.
Optomeirisr
Across from Post Office
,1
‘Il
Once the rows of the (3 [HP the individual level, enectiveia larger context. namely, the
has been determined, the seasonal Public enforcement is not posts‘mls 0‘ G"““‘E“ C‘?“age- Tim.“
aspect of the problem is to er, bible, This view does not climb—igfmls energy both fiém admmis‘
them/say any out its analysis. We the need rm. 1)“an effort station policy and her student
When the CofHP does pursue an menu but rather indicates “gamma“
it should do a complete need for both approaches to the‘ The members oi the ColHP
job. Rather than discussing it pi’ohiclh- iii‘ing from their calls varying
within the body, then ordering We are controlled now withiprews of student concern, Each
the results to a senate committee a regulation which providing ham president does represent the
for much further work, theldrmking, wins rule is no longer 1. H, 1 Uh Uh . (
,lCotl-lP should submit its proper effective because neither ap— PDS‘Wn" “5 “a l “ €130)“
editions backed by a thorough breach is operating. The ColHP,‘iii m the ﬁnfl evaluation, a
istudy, This study involves dis- representing the area ot publicationﬁe hall point of view must
he prepared to compromise to—
ward the goals ol the college.
Maintaining this larger view
,within the council is the specsﬁc
.respollsibility ot the president
of the CoiHP.
i see two important areas
where this larger perspective can
be very valuable. The powerful
area involving CofHP anal '
’of rule change is the ﬁrss any .
cats‘on. Throughout the discussion within the council and in
‘public media, the CofHP must
remain in touch with the larger
lpcrspectivc. Considerations ot is.
‘sees have more meaning and ul—
‘tilllzltely are more creative when
approaches in this context. This,
again, is an important function
of the president of the ColHP in
coordination the emphasis of the
council.
1 Robin universe
 
 
Crinnell students are chargedlstudents to change some of the
with the responsibility ot up-‘existing regulations underlying
‘holding the rules and regular we live. It must also be apply-
,tions ot this institution. ivlucli,ent that the Administration is
ot the responsibility for enforcelllut overly enthusiastic about
ing these rules is tested in the making these changes. It should
Council of House treatments and1be the duty of the Cori-1P prefix
the president of that body For sent to use his position in the
the latter. such enforcement is most
one of his primary duties, lt is,to make these statements, shares
important that enforcement be ever certified, become qualities.
i accomplished with wisdom and THE PRESIDENT or the for.
_ discretion ,HP is a member or the execuA, But certainly the ColHP pt‘cs-‘time cabinet and is instrumental
silent must be more than a.in such matters as initiative legs
switching, He has a i-esponsibil.violation and w king on budget
’ its to students, especially the‘problems. This demands an
men of North Campus, as their awareness or the campus as a
representative to the Adn'llnlS'lWllole and a perspective that
‘tl'atioll. In his constant contact,will result in action beneheial
‘ smith the Administration and the‘to the students. The CoIHF prev
i ‘students. the CoIHP presidentlident must also be able to car
offers a direct line at Communsjordinate his governing bodywith
station between the two. It js‘others such as the Senate.
 
 
 
 
 
his responsibility to the studentsl The diversity and complexity
 
PIZZA DELIVERED
HOT FROM THE OVEN
* fans warned to 300 degrees
* Delivery from 6 p.m. ‘rc 12 Midnight
Call 236-6222
AHRVANO'S PIZZA
Next In the Bowludrome
the statement of the studentllends itself to fri‘xllyillty. This
body regarding rules and other‘tlcmhility necessitates a strong
such matters that affect sludentiindividual, capable or getting
like. things done, who while at the
i There seems to be a infinite same time he upholds the charge
‘statement at
this time among placed upon him by the college
 
 
its:
 
 
‘A’ Personal Stationery
 
S'I‘. Paul's Sl'ideal' men'her
EPISCOPAL
Sundays—s a.in,, 1|) a.m. and 4:30 p.m.
bridges—4:30 p.m., mechanism
O
O Wednesdays—7 iI.m mechanism
I
I Daily Ofﬁyes—0:15 mm. and 4:30 p.m.
Fri Proble, oscar and Chaplain
* developed
* Business Cards
‘A' Senior Graduation announcements
 
GRINNELL
HERALD-REGISTER
to assets in a DDSitIVe mannerlnf the office of COEHP president
I
 
effective manner possibleI
person: ‘Responsibility and Flexibility'
is able to concern himself with
his responsibility to his fellow
students.
It is this that I would hope
its give you as president ot llc
,1963 Council at House press-
‘cents.
I Jon person
,STititil chairman
provisions Open ‘
i
Applications for positions on
jibe Social coordination Commit-
}the for this next year are now
living received by the current
‘committee chairman, The post—
tions are salaries
headlines on applications for
million Chairman (leg warning
and for the editorial Chairman
ltTom Baty) will be 1:00 gui ay
afternoon All applications are
due for the Gadabouts Commit—
tee (Joe Stilllcri and the new—
ly constructed Dithyramb cominittee by Monday noon, The hit-
,sci~ committee chairman v. ill
‘handle the Dithyi-amp copper
Club productions and also all alt:
‘campus concert trips.
, Thc Conccr, and movies
,Committee oil be divided this
tyezlr Applications are due to
Jack source for each position by
Tuesday noon.
The North and South Campus
Social chairman are selected by
  
 
 
 
ithc new Colin” and nhs
Boards Notification ot int —
views for these positions
appear later.
Longhorns
stamp
cal'org
    
 
Page Six SCARLET AND BLACK
2nd Straight Championship i
 
Tracksters Win Conference
track‘lhal the two main [actors in nhicli was made up o1 watts‘l’r
secondiovarconiing this handicap wcrc,son,-Jcri Langliani, Pete massive
straight midwest conference in- “tremendous team spirit england Beckoid, came Within one
door track title last weekend in gets." ,second oi the Griiinell outdoor
Chicago, outdistancmg the host An excellent example of Grin—lmdrk; 2111th the Sprint wesley,
' U. of Chicago team by [B pointsinell‘s tremendous ciiort is ihelinadc up at Fred Berg. John Ed.
and the nearest MCAC content-aud that the Pioneers won three‘grey. Dchrg and Langham, roll
er, Carleton, by more than 30. lot the five delays and were sec~ only three seconds she DI the
According to Coach richmond in the other two, The times Gunncll outdoor record for
Young, the Pioneer team effortfoi the winning delays were notes this event.
was "the most impressive I have‘ing short or plicnol‘i‘local.twice Beside Um mmmndmg per
witnesses since 1 began coach- distance bradley ic ay earn, farmers on [he may teams.
ing at cornell.‘ Because of which convicted of Paul Pattci- Coach Young singles um “mm
-' '\ ‘ ‘ - Tom Dchi-a Bruce decor ' .
Giinnells limited indoor tackle son. at tours in the individual events.
Tilt: Grinnall College
team rompcd to its
Friday. March 8, 1963
,Pioneer papers End Season
iii‘rh Wins over below’r, joe
banned 12 points in the seen
oiul hall to keep the Pioneers
3 well out ahead.
Grinncll's liaskctballcrs ended} Saturday Grimmll handed doc
the “362753 season on a happens 85-78 setback Led by Mifflin,
note last weekend as they took,Asby and Sundcll, who come
a pair of games from Bcioit and ‘hired for 66 points, the Pioneers
joe. The twin triumphs gave rated out to a 10 point half
the Pioneers an 11 7 conference time lead, then held off accurate
.iccoid (12-8 overall), good for doc shooting in the second half.
a fourth Place “MIT joe was faced by Ken toolbar and Skip Swan, who mac
changed up 18 points. They were
closely backed by dylan title
by Phil King
55:13 Stu“ Writer
Friday night the Pioneers cuts
‘shot and outdctcnscd Ecloit for
an 84-71 decision The Buccair
tax-5‘ hot shooting guy-(is, Var . and Bob simpson, who control
add and Hendricks, combined ruled 14 each to the cause But
for 43 points, but Grinnell'sllho Kohawh-s were unable t.
ties. the Pioneers wcrc liandi—lord, and Rod Brown, broke the.Bob Ham”
called against schools like‘
Carleton, and the U o1 Chicago,
whose indoor track facilities are‘
extensive. Coach Young stated,
conference indoor record and a1-
50 copper the Grinncll outdoors
record.
The two
mile relay
jump
[or
iii in p
, who has had only
one opportunity to
;year, won the conference broad
the second
this
straight‘
inches
Asby and Mllllin, with stronglstop terrain, who ended the
tracking, were able to overcomelscason with his best scoring £07
‘this tel'orprongcd license. Ital,
A 10m zone dame mph)” russell had his profiles at
; year, coming within 21/,
iii scripting tlic conference mark.
John Edgrcn placed third in tliC.
lliigli handles since 4th in the low
despite the [act that he had had
only one opportunity this year
‘to run a full night or handles,‘
canceré Take Two Rday Third;
in sixth Place Conference finish
By 1. Eric Jacobson viii
5&8 Stnfi \writer i o R
can.“ it.,henderson to un
”mm“ S‘Vimmmg meet a“ N 'H M 1' tin the shot out Rod Brown up.
apervI e ee iset the conference‘s our distance
Beloit last Saturday. The Flo-‘ln
needs compiled 21 points,
4 _ y The crime“ track team Wm man, Bill dresses oi Cornell, to
m a row by scoring 91 points-lace some of the best small col- add the 2 mile run to the P107
rrcd Berg Coppnd second inn
,llc so and Gene Kowcrt picked‘
cup 10 points by winning the
pole vault and {in ing second
ed hy the Pioneers seemed to
static Beloit, who constantly
attempted to drihhlc through‘ it
instead of passing around it.
The Buccaneers were also gathered hy a height disadvantage:
3GrinlieII’s bigger men effectively
1y controlled the boards.
Grinnell burst out into an
early lead behind the shooting
of Ashy anti Miiilin \who secrets 1s and 15 points respective
1y'iii the iii-st hair. This lead
stood up throughout the game,
ncloit being able to narrow
the margin to 13 only at the
 
Carleton won its second title,
Beluit was second With 55- _ ‘legs teams in the Midwest in me}. victorian
The highest places the Pie-‘the North Central delays tumor—y
ﬁnfl hunter. Kent anderson
.the soul line, but otherwise
played a line game before souls
line out. Asby continued the fine
.play he showed in the Beloit
came, scoring 11 or his 17 points
in the second stands.
The two games market] the
; final appearance for seniors
, Ashy, car Smith, and Roger-
. son, all threoyear letter-men
Grinncll’s 12-8 season record
is a cornedown from last year's
18.4 state. But several of the
eight defects were of the over»
time or one point variety, and
‘Wltli a minimum of luck the
,record could have been 16-4.
 
needs could manage were two;row in vaccine, 111‘
things in the relay events. Jim
Cross, palmer party, Jim Adelr‘
man and John reset spam the
400 yard wesley relay, Howard
Schein constitutes for H3111 in
that group for the 400 lifestyle.
relay.
Hard luck played a part in
Coach Dick Young will enters
three relay teams as well as.
several individuals who pcrtorin.l
ed \ch1 in the Conference mcct
last weekend. Broad bumper Bobl
tamil will defend the crown he‘
won at. the delays last year.
the markers platinum, sherman,l With “15 COmP‘EUC‘“ .Of ”wt
who hack the best time in thclbasketball 5935“” CWETE’“?
Conference this season in the zoo'cheap 3“” “056““ “”11 °°’“‘
butterﬂy, was disqualiﬁed in the Pete With “‘9 Em" team ‘0'
president was for faulty turns, the ﬁrss time this season. ‘
party missed qualifying in the Past yea} ”'9 “we“ P‘RCE‘H
1200 breaststroke by 0mm”, of third behind the host school,.
of a second. , North Central, and Wabash.
Grinneli placed in three other
events. Ralph gray was fourth‘
in the 500 lifestyle Cross was
sixth in the 200 backstroke and
Schein was sixth in the zoo
lifestyle,
conference Team standings
Carleton 91
Beloit 56
Lawrence 39
plymouth 28
St, Olaf 2.1
Grinnell 21
Knox 13
joe 7
Cornell 4
CONSIDER
MIDWEST CONFERENCE
STANDINGS
(Final)
W
14
14
12
ll
10
Pet:
.778,
,"l'IS‘
,667
.611
.556
.444
.339
.389l
simon
Cornell
Carleton
.Grinncii
009
Knox
Beloit
St. Olaf
Lawrence 13 .271
,Mimmcmth 16 .111,
t
L
4
4
6
’1
10
ll
11
 
sir 8r modem
monsieiir 8c mademoiselie
sense 8( minority
lane 8c marine
the advantages of an reported allrcxpr‘use tour
From London:
June 14—46—Days in Europe by bicycle, r '
June 15~SO~Days in Europe by bicycle. r
$398.
Juno dcparturcsib‘fl-Days in Europe by motor, rail, speaker
751140
& stranger4$458
l, inotoi; speaker#
From rare
July 23 or so—Club Mcdrterranec vacations to sicilv, north,
or psi'needs‘lﬁo-$399.
0n University Cninpuscs in Spain, austria, Italy. France: i
One month Summer Sessions \l'ill optional slghlseeing extent
sionsifl'om $195,
From Ncw York:
July 1 or JIlIV 81~30>D3V5 air-sea ci’list‘. Amaz‘on River 8:
Caribbean‘i’iii
From honolulu:
June 23~427Davs Study Tour of Hawailistilé).
(Just announced—Special Sailing or the ship, SEVEN SEAS,
to Europe, Julie 1‘3216)
GRINNELL TRAVEL CENTER
Telephone 236-4384
room Rina stud Wedding Ring si
Ailrinqid,milan
titucc tcdcnl
but/1y oi on
808 Fifth Avenue , @crude-Mnik rcqlllcl:
 
 
 
gem of flashers
nitiiéinn
THE ENGAGEMENT RING WITH THE PERFECT CENTER DIAMOND
Title artistic is expressed in the brilliant fashion selling of
every Keepsake diamond engagement ring. Each
selling is a marketplace of design, reflection the full blllllance
clay'fly,l‘one color and
mellculous modem out.
Authorized Keepsake Jewelers may be listed In the
Yellow Pages visit one
in your area and choose atom
many beauliml styles. each with tale name “Keepsake"
In the ring and on the law.
[NOW TO PLAN VOUR ENGAGEMENT
AND WEDDING
l virus send two new bookings. "How to Plan Your Engage»
merit and Wedding"
linux,” both for only
and ”Choosing Your Diamond
We. Also send special alter of
baaulll'oil 44 page clips‘s Book.
DUrRlVIER/l Rlnq
slots/the to 775.4015le lime SlSll. Wedding Ring 30001
allow or while osld. run
Rina: cnlttqsd to out. ,_
a.
c
r_anti_.._..
KEEFSME DIAMOND llNGS. swcust 2, N. r.
 
Friday. March 8, l963
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
lDar/t Horse' scanners Second in MCAC Wrestling
Van force, Miller, Michel Grab ' ‘
cities; MacKnighi ﬁwishes Third
By Ken Clymer
No one gave Grinnell a ghost
of a chance. The Pioneer wres—
there hadn't had a winning sea»,
son since 1955; their record this
year was a responsible but not
outstanding sea, and last year
the team ﬁlisted last in the,“
conference meet. l
or the Midwest conference
Wrestling Tournament, the,
“Carletonlan” created, "In get—
test pursuit (of Cornell) will be
Carleton and simon . . . Knox,
St. Olaf, and Eeloit will also bed
dangerous.” The “Col‘selling”‘
stated ﬂatly that “Carleton, Ripe,
on, Knox, and St, Olaf (will,
challenge) the rest oi the pack”
for second place. l
Cornell had the tournaments
won before it began, but the,
race for second place was a these
up. When it was all over. highly
rated simon found itself in low—
ly seventh place list behind
Knox, Beioit, and St Dial, 111
that order. The Ilnbelieveable
had happened, as it often does:
Grli‘shell had three,conference
charts and ﬁlisted in second
place just ahead at Carleton.
in the aitcrniath Coach more
ry Moore admitted to mixed
emotions, saying, “I always
knew they had the ability and
the desire to win, but because
the team had been weekends
by injury and illness, and lie
cause we hadn’t had a good
season in seven or eight years,
I didn’t quite expect this,
Even when it was all over I
coupon’t quite believe it."
Moore suggested that another
factor Contributing to the team’s
success was a new emphasis on Furthermore,
Conditioning.‘ "\Vc worked on the Michel also
wrong things last ycai',” he said cents who had detected them
‘This year we more in much previously, while miller faced
better shape We‘ve still got a tough Mike brighton ot dna
lot to learn, but i think this year whom Miller had barely state
was a step Ill the right direction several weeks earlier-
as our record seems to indicate." .old‘“ ”Md?“ ”‘3 “m“ e“
rating heart . m . throat type
ONLY THREE Pioneers had inatoh oi the day. The score
been needed at the conference, was tied 2-2 at the end or the
match: Larry Miller was given match, but Michel's opponent,
the ScL‘and seed at 167. Morgan, Logan or Carleton, was only
Michel was needed third at two seconds :‘may from ”my.
lightweight, and Al MacKnlght. in: an extra point for riding
received a fourth seed at 137 l time, Michel won the match,
These three as well as intended; 3-2, in the listing overcome,
will Van force won their open—,‘ his second extended match of
,ing matches. ; the journey. Van force also
i When this happened, the real sort 573, and Miller “denied
citation slowly earned that G'line Lalghtoh 3-0-
,ncii could be the surprise or the; Now there was some real hope
tiournament, possibly ﬁfishing‘and traffic ﬁduring as the coach»
third or even second. Three other totally the points. “Now let's
the tour Grinnell transfers hadlsee, it A roses but B wins, and
.to advance into the ﬁnals to ac-jul A is detected in the console
>company this. but Van force,tions by C, then maybe .
.faced the prospect oi wrestling And so it went.
.Carlcton's Jim Harris, the No. 1. it the printers won an to“,
continued, who had better Vanlof their matches, and it early.
‘Home just one week earlier-ton lost three of her six, then
MacKntght and
had to lace upper
point!
overnight,bcatcn in the devilﬁnals by conference cheap Bob
‘would ot plymouth, started
ones oil with a hardlought
actors over Ed Young oi Carlo—
lion, 2e], giving overnight third
1place In the ﬁnals, Miller was
tthe question mark. He had wres—
,tlod exceptionally well in the
tproiiminary rounds, but his only
,defeat (during the season was at
tthc hands of Jim Noble of for-
,neil, whom he now had to meet.
He won 4-2, thus becoming the
.second Pioneer cheap after Van
,force who had better Ticc of
yﬁupon in the defining match 4A2.
l Using his distinction style,
lightweight Morgan Michel
won definitely 10-2 over Steve
ReYi-holds of Knox. Carleton co—
operated by losing three inat—
l chcs, and the Pioneers came
out on top 4241,
t TEAM :1 Nn 'Gs
. i. corner. or
.Grmncll t:
Catlelun 7 Al
. ,ol
. beach 7
.Rtpon
. com _ l
, plymouth 7 t:
Lawrence — s
«g, at, . m , , ;,
GRINNELL’S THRFE Midwest Conference wrestling
wwwﬁl principal would win by ones
r t
 
charles F ever
By Len Calotlney
8&3 Sports Co-etlilor
 
If people tire confused new by the Various letter
. awards given to Grinnell athletes, they should give their
= sympathies to those who attended ‘the college prior to the
1930's. Before this decade, each sport had its 'own listen-
‘ building eminem, the theory being that with qualifications
being different, letters should be too.
At least five different styles of awards \here.given
! by different square. A square block G, a round G similar
' to the present. a lemon shaped character similar to the
Chic go U. elnbleln, an alrl English letter. and the most
famous, it fastest cross with a block round G in the center were all given at one time or ltnother.
A contest was held in 1894 to find a design (or a new
schemes are from 19“ kai v Miller (167 1135.). Will Van style of letter. The winner, Skip Atherton ’95, won with
"litntvanbUmrntsm's Iii/ei'tmﬂand ,»
a; estate"; ccrmrtt attt :t-url a l
ltotrtntao to a tuwlcl L'N [art/HI in
“making/0U Ibis ”mill/Ii TIM '[tﬂ'- l , _
13ml 1m]: hill pill-dc! a: a rid/:ga- filing sister v
still [ram [1): Solid: affair or an: , . *
ct we roll-ct Julcllllcl. players: .Smllds 1""
[url/y, mi. in thumb rhea Du
(late, U Climmn.’ gmt‘l finish”
not Atllw‘! Am! /ar Kmnud)’; Mk:
part g2: Adlai “In; 1111. ll: box a
[mi ibln roll/Mr,
will 1‘ killer in.
(mid. (Cut’but
to Anon)»
 
For the (Wyn. look
olNAllONAlREVIEW
write tar are: copy,
L50 5, as st, New
Vavk lo, Nat.
Home (147 lbs) and Morgan Michel (but). This is the
greatest number of (artists (or one year in Pioneer wreswwaS also in this yezir that the fastest cross was adopted as
The team is the best since 1949 when illclthe special eminem of the track team. Atherton noted that
died eight points behind champion Cornell.
the design that is now the standard award today for a
second year letterlntui in a sport, a seven inch red G, It
his design ‘i‘it likely in the Center of the crossi and the
combined idea was offi rally adopted the following year.
[The football and baseball teams hadn’t chosen their (“54
tinguishing tablets yet.
In 1936 a special homecoming ceremony was planned
to honor those who had sponsored the letter design. It was
at this time slide Atherton protected against the use of
the Olde English G as an award on the grounds that it
was too little to death He said people had mistakes it for
 
vii C and B among other thing-st
 
63 Days in Europe
5th Annual European inheritance Tours
EUROPEAN ART and ARCHITECTURE TOUR
(including Greece)
MEDIEVAL ClVILlZATION
(English
European History)
TWENTIETH CENTURY EUROPE
(Political Science—economics—Sociology—Design)
Study-Tours combining 3 weeks at Oxford University and 6 weeks cf travel in
England and an the Continent — 6 hours academic credit available.
Dean of the College
Contact:
japan College
simon. Wisconsin
 
The school Colors were another area of protest by the
,students. In 1891 a road went up about having pink as the
icolleg‘e color. An item from the October 3, issue of the
‘Unit stated that: “pink is not a fit shade for suits, and in
many other ways is a failure as {1 college color.” The pr0<
guest was taken care of quickly, for two weeks later on
’October 17, the Unit proudly announced "the wceli, natural
facing pills selected bit hzipehtizztl'tl only it few years ago
‘ (h; ) given place here after to such strong, circle colors as
started and black. , . . Let us one and till strike to make
charles and Black mean in the west what thomson and
;B1ue str Orange and Black menu in the east.”
By the turn of the century, Grinnell athletic teams
llllld both letters and colors, but still locked a team name
‘by which they would be known. Again playing on the competitive nntttre of students, a contest was held in 1919 to
determine :1 nick name. In the contest sponsored by the
Honor G committee. the name “Pioneers” was chosen to
designers the square from Grinnelll
MEN° IM Bowling
1 Tournament Is March 16»
 
A new Traveling Trophy is being presented
this year. Get as much practice as possible —
start now. Any week-day afternoon is open.
BOWLADROME
 
 
 
Page right
5&
found a house president did ;
not efforts the rules and 112- 1
that there were frequent and
serious violations oi these rules,
SCARLET AND BLACK
“best possible"
iwuuld be l‘intl‘its‘ english.
McKlveeniThCi’e has
solution
always
{used to efforts them—specsﬁ- within his hall, Such a situation‘i,l)eco a difference in the degree
rally in relation to the driving
would put the jump oi the on-
lot enforcement between calls
iiig rules, the car rules, and :iii-c student government strip.,and there will always be a die
the open form regulations?
Cohen 7 Until the laws have
been revised by the students l,
would leave enforcement oi the
laws up to the individual htllli
president. Once the laws have
been rateﬁed by student vote
they would have to he endorsed
to protect the students or I
\toqu more iii- improvement oi
the particular president.
Convci'soil must ﬁrss mention
that until one site on time ColHP,
it is hard to imagine the varieties factors bearing on this type
of situation. However. as using
that it was a situation where
violations requiring cniorcenient
had been deliberately reflected
by a house president, 1 would
have one course of audio pre ‘
sent the situation to the Com?
for consideration and a record
foundation. This recommendation,
could he directed to the hall
. sent, the court, or the executive cabinet Any more specsﬁc action than this voiild den
send on the particular incident.
sure in jeopardy.
The ﬁrss thing to do would be
to give the house president hair
warning that it he did not be.
win according the rules, serious
measures would be taken. If the
SGA constitution, which states
joining were not needed, it
ii ould be the duty of the Execu—
lil'e Cabinet to make u ot
Section C72 or Article 11 ot' the
that the E.
to the Student Senate. and to
indicate proceedings in the court
totally against any student official negligent in the execution
of his social duties
Assume there is a difference
iii the degree of enforcement
between all u calls. Would
you strike for equality oi enjoy'student? How?
woman—The i'atiﬁnation of the‘
laws would be the eqtizillzer in
tl s case. l want university only
in iesaid to specific laws and
points ot law I think hall maria
itiuiL to suit their specsﬁc clubs
LarsonAA CofHP president
cannon take over total responsibility of an individual hall president in the case or irresponsible
leadership. Any i-location of titles
occurring within that still would.
however, be SlllJJQCt to enforcement by the CoIHP president or
other house treatments as would
the same violation occurring
anywhere on the campus Con—i
signed refused to efforts college
rules would be a matter to be,
considered by the executive cab—i
files, with whomtthe power to
lake action, if any. is tested. f
McKlvcen—To mail: this does-l
tion vulnerable l will assume
that. the particular house press—
sent completely refused to en-
students Internet? real l
Travel Association
Join the 10th
Hawaii Study Tour
June 21 through August 2
Includes study Period, Accommodations. Social Activities (10 events), Sightseeing,
and FUN FUN FUN.
Obtain detailed information
from Judy I’leisure on cam»
put, or principal Travel Cell4
her. 808 Fifth Avenue.
loans are vital.
Cnnvei‘seiEquilli - at enlarge—
ment is a please i ithout mean—
ing: it implies the same intent
,operation oi a rule by each oi
clcicn house treatments Such a
goal is unrealistic. Rather, a rule
must be thought or-as having a
,rzillge of interpretation Some Vl-
stations tall outside the limits ot
a rule and must be brought her
more the court s)steel. The court
decisions come closest to essay—
listing equality oi enter-cement ,
Thus ,a range
which the intent ot the rule is
saieguarded, This range. in and
of itself, processes equality of
enforcement.
person—Each oi the 11 nien'si
calls is distinctly different than,l
merit would not necessarily be‘
any other in its marcus. Thel
most effective and Just efforts-j
friendly the same in all calls. The
,'”deal'ee" of eniorcenient can
other'store betlexible so long as it
shoes not conflict with the basic
,responsibility placed on those
interesting powers oi ciiiorcee
‘ ment.
1 would say that, though there
are deﬁsite areas feeding im—
placement, the present system
is satisiuctor To say that it is
 
BATES
FLOWERS
cutivc Cabinet, lisa,
simpleeinaiority vote, shall have1
the power to submit legislation
is established in l
defence. Each house president
should be responsible for the
enloicenicnt or rules within his
shall. and some ﬂexist ill in the
university of enrorccnicnt bc-
‘llveen the calls should be allowed
Do you tell the present
court system allows for the
actual determination oi giiilt ,
or influence? is the determination basctl on fact or pressed 7
CuhoniA< long as the students
are in this basically religious
position between their conference
,cs and the administration, and
‘until the students Finally peter-maine ivhat built is, the court
systems is too open to treasures
from van our sources An untitled doc 'on on a small campus
is dial‘fruit enough without being
‘announced by variables, like in
which cases are the laws to be
supported.
ConverseiTlle court system is
certainly no arm of any encoding body in the sense that it
inﬂdenied or prev‘ui’ed, thereby
fingering it impartiality in do
termiiiinsr built or influence in
my experience. when cases have
scenic hetiirc the court. the ev‘
dance has usually been well substantially This is the pr ssui
the pressure oi fact. .
The wellness at our court
system lies in the determination
ot degree of built (represented
as a ﬁne). not determination oi
built or influence. In con del'e
time degree ot built, the enhancing
body deﬁlikely events pressure.
‘Htlw edeetire it is i don't kno
cal‘solidﬁascd on those cases
smith which i am familiar, it
seems that the court system has
.in many instances not been able
ltd determine actual built or influence. particularly influence, it
seems that the Court's attitude
is often inﬂdenied by concern
for the effect of an individual
questions CleP Candidates
\while would you do if ya“ ‘Ioi‘ce the rules in any will, and the
decision on
The court tests it should upload respect for the law at Grin»
well.
McKlvecniNever hay-insr Wltr
nested the court systems in see—
sign and depending solely on
contracting opinions oi those who
have been there, 1 do not incl
that i am able to answer the
,question.
Is the present four-year begin
dance mail system ‘itisliictm'y‘.’
is it the best possible solution
at Grinnell?
ColinniTht‘ present [our year
residence system is ~ol buy all
get for those that it c it There
should be a lot more riccdoin
or choice, however, for those
:who limit to live oh-campus; I
also tend to agree with Steve
.Huweil‘s article that the students
smaller in the long run, by living
,finder this beautifully traternul
system, but this too is a matter
for the campus to decide.
Coiivcrseei believe the lotus
year residence hall system oﬁ‘e
for men, the best opportunities
for individual development com—
measuring with the goals of the
college Because of the random
composition or facts hall. greater
possibilities exist for the marina.
tion oi ensuring a. occasions,
similar and get varied illtellece
trail intl‘l‘Q<l. and channelS of
expression. By living in one hall
for your ) (it a man is able to
establish a continuity of expedia
knee and an identiﬁnation within
a group it the long begin
residence in one small \which are
lows a basis for individual tree
equipment.
is
Liu'soiiln relation to this i
inc CO 5 attitude that it SO ‘es
a prevent e tiiiictioii in addition
to a positive function, This would
- reply that decisions are not are
ways made solely on facts but'
also on the basis of value documents made by the individual
justices. The court may be multiﬁed in this attitude but it here
mainly must be subordinated to
its concern for actual built or
influence. This has not always
been the case
 
Cdrlel‘on News-paperrPrin'lsﬂ
Excerp’rs O‘F women Speech
i By rentals henderson
1 S to B Exchange Editor
The simon college Student
Senate recently detected a l'esow
action calling for the end at the‘
spealter ban on the campus. The‘
spouse by the faculty and stud
cents was varied but generally
enthusiastic. The faculty inter.
fewer by the college paper
cited the major points of the
Friday. March 8, I963
Bael'z Given
5&3 Posil'ion
the entire campus
David Baetz has been named
managing editor ot charles &
,Blzlck by the Board on Student
Publications, facts, a
English-journalism major, will
hold the position du ng this
semester and the following tall
semester.
Service Progmm
sellers Counsel
. Lawrence Miller, oi the De
movies Regional ot'nice of the
American Friends Service Committee, will be available in
Carnegie 207 from 9-00 to 4.00
on Tuesday, March 12 to insert
visit students interested in
Service Committee programs.
junior
The programs include summer
work and study projects in in.
dustry, community service, institutions, as well as worlccamps
in this country and abroad. The
Service Committee also sponsors
long term programs such as the
iVoluntal'y International Service
‘Assignments (VISA) in Africa.
Asia and Europe. as part of its
cltort to seek for lloilcviolcnt
solutions to contain -, and believe minimal suitermg.
Miller would like to Colinsel those interested in the constitutional directors position and
the possibilities for alternative
service.
Saga Gourmet Poll
:Set for Tomorrow
Saga Food Service will take
its annual food popularity sure
key at tomorrow evening's meal.
Students are asked to bring a
.sort lead pencil, since the tests
iwiil be regulated by the HM
‘machine.
The time of the meal has been
changed to 575 pm, for this
tech only.
lUnilarian Film
do be Shown
l
The film, “Language of Faces"
resolution, which was to be free‘speech as its “bank and minor» will be shown Sunday, at 7:30
wanted before the administration,
stated in part that "WE the reps
reservations oi the simon Cole
legs‘Student Senate stand diametrically opposed tn the code
worship oi any idea " in com
_meeting on the vote, the prev ,
sent of the Senate expressed;
his degree at its defeat and exit
pressed the hope that by the:
,next senate incoming several oil
,the senators would have rcas-.
is sad their position.
 
 
1.)).‘5 is now area at its new upstairs I0online~across
train the Shunl.
corporation speech. “A Game ot,
Numbers" were printed i'events
llc in the Carletoman.
saint aspect" although there was
some disagreement ot its degree
ct accessibility to Carleton
Student response to the article
also seems to indicate that Pres
event women has hit upon an
important problem on college
computer today.
The Cornell College Student
Senate will meet this month to
has been
Excerpts of president women'Slspeculation as to whether they‘
will continue as members in the
Student A. relation because of
 
 
- PENNEY’S
ALWAYS FIRST QuALITY
LAST 2 DAYS THIS WEEK
TOWN
DRESS
CRAFT
SHIRTS
REDUCED!
REGULAR 2.25 2.98
Combed L‘nylon ohloi‘db, broad
pima cotton broadcasting. All
in your pick of collar styles!
REGULAR 3.98
pay pima cotton brondclotlis
. Dacron polyester
similar broadclolhs. Fashion dot
clouds .
nvniliible
2 55 §
3 ﬂu
’n cotton
filing:
 
-p.m. in the Science lecture
l Room,
. This fifty-minute film. produced by the Friends Service
iCommittee. is a graphic reply—
equation of man's response to
he threat ot nuclear war.
l
The film is sponsored by Grin»
well's editorial group.
}consider its membership in the' h'b' d
NSA. there somelArT EX I l‘l'e
in Main Hall
The rain lack or time and man poiveizl An addition oﬁ paintings and
,draiviags by iowa artists opened
in Main lounge at Gi‘innell on
‘Mai‘ch 5.
i The show, assembled by the
‘Lubetkin Gallery of Des points.
‘contains typical examples or the
,work 0! artists represented—ill
this area—by the sponsoring gay—
,very.
Among the artists represented
rc Stuart Edie. clinton powder,
Paul Smith, Karl hiattern. cargo
volt and Carl processing.
i The exhibition will continue
through March so.
PATRONIZE
YOUR
ADVERTlSERS
 
