‘ Count basic to
 
better Rehearsals
Are in Full Swing
As Men's and Women's calls Prepare
for Tomorrow's Production in ,party
The annual better Sing will
be presented Saturday at 7:30
p.m. in party Gym. Five pairs
of men’s and women’s calls
will compete, singing groups of
songs based on central themes.
They are: years-West, “goods
of Night"; cleveland-Cowles,
“Children's Day at PS 47”;
counters-barnes, “interpretations on Love"; RawsonJames,
“Spectrum of Song"; and ReadNorth counter, singing ”Set
Down, percent," and ”Christ in
His Garden,” French House
will sing a group of French
songs while the five judges are
voting. Refreshments will be
served after the program, by
French House and the Informal Social Committee.
The judges will decide on the
calls’ performance in five categories: appearance, including
stage presence, picture, university: arrangements, includ-
ing difficulty, audience appeal
and eligibility; interpretation;
tone; and overall impression,
Planning for better began at
the end of last semester and
calls began processing after
spring vacation. The co‘chairman of better are Ellen Thompson and George loose. better
chairman of individual calls
are: mary Hartshorne, years;
Phil Handy, West; William D.
domain, movies: Anne robinson, Cleveland; Don Reimer,
South counter; Holly Hoebel,
barnes; John every, watson;
iran never and brunette
Woodward, James; Orv raising and Keith King, North
counter; and Jean jeff, Read.
Mr. and Mrs. Norman Good»
brad will be permanent sponsors of the event, Judges will
be Mr. albert Smith, Mr. John
Kleinschmidt, Mrs. Norman
Goodbrod, Mr, Roger Eldridge,
and Mrs. Howard women.
 
 
Theologian and Business Executive
Set for announcement Speeches
Plans for Grinnell‘s 1964 announcement and Alumni Reunion Days programs were announced this week.
The fivevday series of events
will begin with a senior dinner
party Wednesday night. June 3,
and will end at noon on the following Sunday.
Highlighting the heavy activity schedule will be major
speaking experiences by Theodore A. will, president of San
Francisco theoretical seminars, and Eugene J. McNeely.
president of the American
Telephone and paragraph Company.
The Rev. Mr. will will deliver
the baccalaureate person at 8
phi. Thursday, June 4, and
Mr. McNeely will present the
announcement address at 2:30
pm. Friday, June 5. Both
events will be in party symposium.
A class of 281 seniors, the
Eleven Women happen
ForHonorary society
Eleven junior women were
happen as new members of
portal Board, senior women’s
contrary, during dinner in the
Quad on Sunday.
The new members are: Carol
newton, jamie Bloom, Leslie
newsletter, Judy request, Susan
Gilmour, Bunny Hunt, Linda
alexander, party Nevampaa,
arena Peterson, julie Smith,
and mail given.
portal Board members are
chosen from eligible women students who have a cumulative
grade point average of 3.3. The
organization defects members
according to scholarship, leadership. and service
largest in Grinneli’s history,
will be candidates for bachelor
of arts degrees at the traditional announcement categories.
Earlier, the seniors and their
parents will be involved in such
activities as a panel discussion
with seniors“ and faculty on
Thursday, a president's reception—hosted by President and
Mrs. Howard R. women, directly following the baccalaureate
service Thursday night, and a
faculty-senior coffee hour and
COMMENCEMENT—
Continued on Page 3
[arm
 
it
The annual Spring Formal Dance
will be held tonight from 9-12 in party
Gym. Sponsored by the Gadabouts Committee and the AFROTC, the event will
feature a spring floral theme. Count
basic, internationally known mailman,
has flows with his band for the one-
event of the
do see/(end Activities
night Iowa stand. caused by music fri
tips everywhere for his adopt rhythm
creation basic will continue the big-band
sound of the year that also featured
Louis Armstrong at the Christmas Formal. This will be the last formal dance
current semester. Women’s
hours have been extended until 1 am.
 
Grinnell College
center; iBLACK
Oldest College Newspaper West of the mississippi
 
Vol. LXX]
Grinnell, Iowa, Friday. April 24, I964
 
Murray trigger to Give lectures
At Annual Writer's Conference
The 19th Annual Writers' Conference will feature two lectures by Murray trigger, parameter Professor of Literary
Criticism at the State University of Iowa, iowa City.
trigger will deliver two
lectures: “Newer and Older
Criticisms," scheduled for 4
p.m. today in counter Lounge,
The Republican state of
Henry labor Lodge a n d
Mark Hatfield was chosen
over the Democratic one of
President Johnson and ﬂusers Humphrey during an allcampus, rock election here
Tuesday. with 877 students
voting, Lodge received a total of 439, while Johnson gathered 353 votes. Men voters
totally 831/2 percent, and the
women, Bl percent, for a total at 82.3 percent voting.
 
and Criticism and History: The
Poetic Context and the substantial Context.” scheduled for
1:30 pm. tomorrow in found
her Lounge.
The Writers‘ Conference is
held at Grinnell each year “To
encourage an interest in executive writing on campus" and
to give entertainment to those
students defining to develop a
talent in the creative writing
area, according to Dr. Seymour
Katz, Assistant Professor of
English and chairman of the
conference committee. Other
members of the faculty com<
little planning the event are
M yr on Liberman (English)
and substance S. Wright (English).
In conjunction with the conference the winners of the
Whitcomb Poetry contest for
the best piece of poetry submitted by a Grinnell student
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and of the cleaner Short Story
contest for the best short story
submitted by a Grinnell student,
will be announced.
trigger was named to his
contrary professionals at Iowa
last fall. He is the author of
”The New Apologists for Poetry,” ”The arabic Vision," and
“A Window to Criticismzl
Shakespeare's connect and
Modern critics.”
Katz said the conference will
consist of only the two leo<
turns. There will be no panel
discussions or special session]
with students; however, students defining to talk with‘
trigger could probably do so
after his lecture presentations.
textbook Position
Applications are now open
for the positions of editor
and business manager of the
Mini cycling. The application
deadline is Monday, April
27, at noon. Applicants are
asked to submit a statement
of qualifications and ideas
for a textbook format. State
meets should be submitted
to third career, chairman of
the Faculty Committee on
Student Publications.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A sure 5 n of spring on campus is the progress on [he new student union. the Forum.
Workrnen, who captured of! and on during the Iowa winter months. are now working steam-
Grinnell Gets Fast Time
Grinnell 'College will begin
operating on daylight saving
time effective Sunday, April 26,
Vice President permits C. Ludwig has announced.
Ludwig said the College will
confirm with the Grinnell City,
council’s decision to place the
community on daylight time
Sunday.
 
fly to meet the lone (all construction deadline. The newest addition to the building was the
l wall of house windows completed on the north side last week.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 24, I?“
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell. lead
A weekly newspaper published each today or the college year by the cornell Committee on Student Publications, mailto H. under. chairman. Represented to!
national advertising by National Advertising juice, inc.,
College euollsnets Representative. is East 50m Street.
New York 22, my. Second class postage P2|d at cornell.
lawn. subscription rate 34.50 per school year.
Lynn nenzlet
.him Mcfntym
John wolf
xuen Adkiusan
Mmhn Post
EDITOR . .
BUSINESS MANAGER
MANAGING EDITOR
FEATURE EDITOR
copy nmmh . ,
uni Fish
SPORTS EDITOR , . .
NEWS AND copy STAFF Cynthia Burst, sun Hunt, Ann character,
Nancy Gromko, sun etc lawyer, com cm.
susan Taylor music Gclblr. penn Vnidcrvoon
Tom cartoon
. . .Ionn joe
. inc marshall, leslie Bruslellen
John roinnm
Dick union
HEAD PHOTOGRAPHER
AD MANAGER
BUSINESS ASSISTANTS
cIrtcuLATioN MANAGER
SUBSCRIPTION MANAGE
Editorial Briefs
i No Tresspussing
'; The 5813 has been reminder by Building and
Grounds that the students are again busy making paths
here and there across the green expenses of the campus.
Although we would be the first to grant, along with
Student voices, that “the sidewalks are in the wrong
place,” it seems that thoughtful students could do
away with some of the short cuts across new grass
areas. Spring is a pleasant time of year here # students
should be able to take a little extra time to make it
pleasant for B&G as well as for themselves.
handled Board?
The “integrated" living situation on South Campus
has been very well planned and handled by the AWS
Board. Every possible effort is being made to make
Main and years, formerly freshmen forms, invi big to
upperclass residents. With room-drawings, just two
weeks away, the Board is now busy choosing Baffle—
board officers for each form floor in the quad. Sometimes, it seems, baffleboard members apply for red
sons of warning practice, getting early choice of rooms,
or requiring a stopping stone toward next years AWS
Board candidate. The AWS Board seems finally interested in making its form system work. The choice of
baffleboard members and their subsequent position in
the hall will undoubtedly energy more important than
ever. Placing freshmen in all the forms, and the theory
behind it, investigated a new type of community living
in the quad. Without being policemen or full-time
advice counseling, the baffleboard members will have
an active part in creating and maintaining community.
This should certainly be considered in the already
difficult job of choosing the best people for the position.
l trailers at the Polls
Six percent of the students who voted in the
rock Election had their balloon stopped because of their
minute of the voting machines. The PPPE had representatives present at all times to explain the machines
in order to avoid just such an event. It looks like getting
people out to vote is not the only problem at the polls
-—one should also be sure that they pay enough attention so that they know what they are doing. sporting
a ballot through carelessness dress't say much for the
privilege to vote.
Time Goes By
It is erotic that Grinnell students, who are specially desperate for time. will find themselves losing one
hour this week-end. The thought has already spread
panic among several paper-writers and exam makers.
The only pleasant thought right now about going on
daylight savings time, is that next October we will all
gain an hour when things get back to normal.
If It’s Your Birthday —- Hope It’s Happy
 
 
To the Editor:
We are accustomed to speak—
ing about different "geneva
tions" of college Students which
are believed to have a more or
less unique identity. The applications “angry”, “lost”, and
“complement” have been used
to describe some of these generations. receiving the hazards
of rehabilitation, we may still
profit from an attempt to fit
the contemporary generation
of college students into this
same framework.
The frequency with which
they use the Word "meaning
fun" offers us me best club to
an identity for these young people. The very use of the word
“meaningful" suggests the are
intense of something which is
“meaning—less.’ interest in
such a View are attitudes of
examination, skepticism, and
instrumentation — all qualities
archived to this particular generation.
 
Philosophers, sociologists and
psychological have launched a
massive criticism of content
poetry middle class suburban
values. The essence of their
objectives has been that mid—
due class society has wed itself
to the continually stories values
of chronic status consciousness
and excessive concern for material well-being.
It is against this background
that the current college group
should be set in order to under
stand their participation with
meaningful existence. For bet
her or for worse, most of this
generation cannon value religion highly enough to find in it a
continuing scheme of life values. At the Same time. both the
absence of sound values in society at large, and‘the psychologically computing effects of
that absence of meaning have
been made woefully apparent.
What has resulted is a generation which deeply impressed
With the need to find meaning
 
, Letters to the Editor
Time, Newsweek, Move Over! troops Views Campus Sex
in life. Two costs have devel<
open to fill the value vacuum.
One would make love the ultimate value in life. The Bible of
this cult is promo's The Art
of Loving. ‘
The other cult views life as
merely a stream of unordered
accidents. To be alive is to be
in the state of experiencing
things, hence sheer experience
becomes an end in itself.
The highly publicized sexual
instrumentation of the contemporary college group may perhapS be more clearly understood if we consider the twin
values of love for love’s sake
and experience as an end in itself.
While it is too early to assess
the possibility of these Values,
it is possible to note that psychological needs, as well as
biological drives, must be taken into account for an explain<
[ion of what appears to he
moral laxity.
Steve troops
 
 
By VINCE ANKU
Ghana’s government has no
interest in either ruthless com-
munich or moribund capital»
ibm. She is pursuant her own
independent course; yet Nkrumah has been accused of being
a Communist running a Soviet
satellite. This occupation is not
only a conscious discretion of
truth, but also shows a gross
insurance of what communist
really is. I believe that the
Russian, Chinese, or human
brand of communist is bound
to fail in Ghana. In Ghana, over
ninety per cent of the people
are land owners who would rca
act currently to any attempt by
the government to collectible
their land or any personal property. The government would
have to harrison or candidate
the land owners in order to collectibles all the agricultural
land.
Moreover. many prominent
government officials and their
 
close relatives are also land
owners. The government’s aim
is to help the people live a better life, and so it cannon per
side the good life on the blood
of the majority of the people.
it would be stupid to attempt
to collectibles tropical color
growing forests where adequate
supervision of workers is impossible. Without characterization, Ghana farmers still produce more than a third of the
world's color. For these red
sons the government is making
no effort to “collectibles for
the sake of characterization,"
which seems to be the case in
some communist countries.
Just as communist would
be fundamental to Ghana, so
would the American form of
capitalism prove disastrous to
her. Ghana's government needs
a great deal of money. The
people are quite resistant to
pay taxes, and voluntary contributions have only recently
 
Leslie newsletter and warehouse studios equal New York
World's Fair this Spring. A
warehouse photograph of Leslie
will be displayed at the eastern Kodak exhibit at the Fair.
The color portrait was taken
soon after Leslie was elected
Snow Queen last year. Mrs.
warehouse said, “She looked so
striking in her ski output that
we asked her to come in and
pose for us. The picture was
later used in the cycling.
cells‘house estimated the print
at several Conventions. it won
a blue ribbon at the Missouri
State convention in Kansas
,Clly, Court of Honor (purple
 
warehouse Portrait of Leslie newsletter
On Display at World’s Fair in New York
ribbon) at the Nebraska State
Convention in Omaha, and a
red ribbon at the Iowa State
convention in Des games. At
the Iowa convention warehouse
hung seven other prints all of
which won reasons. including
four blue ones.
The picture was accepted for
hanging at the National convention in Dallas and was
placed in the National Loan
Collection, which As selected
from among the photos hung
at the National Convention and
is calculated throughout the
U. S. It was from this collection that eastern Kodak Chose
the photos to be represented at
the World's Fair.
 
Anku: Ghana pursuit Own Course
come into providence. Thus,
Ghana must plan her economy
very thoroughly. She strongly
feels that the somewhat
efficient capitalistic System is
not the quickest way to the better future. Ghana brands Western and Eastern economic
theories with her own excel’h
once. Though Ghana perhaps
follows much from Marx and
begin, this is not a sufficient
ground on which to label Ghana
a Communist satellite. This will
become apparent In the later
articles.
Ghana is building an anal:
getlc country based on the
principles of African mechanism.
This is a social, political, and
economic System permitted
by belief in God and thus in the
density of the individual man,
Ghanians believe that African
mechanism will provide the
greatest economic progress
while reasserting the traditional cooperative values of African life.
In April 1961, Nkrumah made
the following statement in the
New York Times:
“The aim of the party is to
build a societies State in which
the free development of each
sector is a condition for the free
development of the other sectors of society. This is component with African situations,
conditions, and Circumstances.”
Mr. Nkrumah has said time
and time again that private investment, either domestic or
foreign, and state ownership
can consist in Ghana. This is
one of the features of "African
mechanism.” It is based not on
the concept of class struggle,
but on traditional cooperative
principles in which private
ownership plays a Vigorous
part in the society. This left
likely is not communist.
in-
 
_ friday. April 24. im
, ._
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page xhtml
 
 
Peter Miller
Sanity of Stones
It would appear that Evan<
resist Billy Graham's Words
artist reaching everyone- someone store his Bible.
An “Americanism Award"
has been presented to Elvis
"rock ’n roll” dresses by a
frennessee chapter of the Elks
"for setting a flashers example
for American youth in all that
he says and does.”
A surgeon was forced to re
sign from a West Palm Beach,
Florida hospital, because he
reportedly covered opening the
hospital’s facilities to metro
clients and physicians - - the
capital’s name is ”Good Samartian."
A relative of mine recently
back from a trip to South
America reports that in Brazil
a cup of instant coffee costs
more than twice as much as a
cup of regular coffee The rear
son is simple. Brazilian grown
coffee is put on freighters and
shipped to the United States
where it is processed and pack—
aged and then sent back to brazil. I wonder why they Call it
"instant" coffee?
 
This year’s crop of graduation seniors who may have. on
occasion, rendered about the
relative series of a college education should take note of the
results of a recent advertising
agency survey. The survey
found that college graduates
are only half as sustainable to
advertising messages as persons who have only had a high
school education,
President Johnson's “War on
Poverty” (which at best might
be turned a minor skirmish be:
cause less than 1% of the fed
oral budget of $98 billion is to
be used in fiscal 1965 for the
anti-poverty campaign as compared to $54 billion for defense,
and'SS billion for space research) has already started a
few citizens to words of average. Repi Otto russian (DLal) came out recently with
the following rather unique
critical statement “The treatments statement that 20% of
Americans are poverty strictly
has led some people to believe
were all starting to death.”—
Remember Mr. russian, we
can't all be smart enough to in—
merit a department store
 
Tom builder
Miscellany and regression
Today's society is faced with
m a n y performing problems.
,evil rights, the developing nations, and the cold war are but
a, few which receive prominent
attention from the press, But,
as has been pointed out by such
people as James boston, the
press often gives little attention
to the trends which cause those
events which make headlines.
Among these trends is what
may be turned the technologie
Cal revolution for lack of a better names Everyone is aware of
the presence of this revolution,
but an understanding of the nature of this revolution and its
implications for the future has
not yet evolvedKAs yet we have
not fully comprehended the
type of society we have constructed and what it means,
C e r t a. i n manifestations of
this revolution do make the
headlines, . . r the breakdown
in collective containing in the
railroad and newspaper index—
tries and the unemployment
statistics. For the words ”tech-
xerox Concert Sunday
The second in a series of four
spring concerts will be presented by the xerox quarter
Sunday at 3 pm in Roberts
Theatre.
The performance will include
the Mozart quarter in F Major,
K. 590; the Beethoven quarter
in C Minor, Op. 18, No. 4; and
the Dvorak quarter Not 3 in
E-Flat, 0p, 51,
The xerox group, Grinnell's
_quarter in residence, includes
'peter Marsh and Theodora
santa, violent; Paul perth,
villa; and Donald McCall, cells,
 
political unemployment” no
longer constitute a phrase but
a reality Machines are repeat»
ing men.
Statements to the effect that
for each job destroyed by an
advance in technology an equal
or greater number are created
offer no solution even if their
doubtful accuracy is accepted.
A railroad foreign, who has
been working at a job that be«
came absolute With the introduction of the diesel engine,
will not be equipped to handle
any jobs that might be created
by financing technology.
Unions are faced with the
conservative and even reactionary task of protecting the jobs
of unutilized and unnecessary
workers. Management, on the
other hand must keep pace with
the technological revolution by
exploring the latest in equipment.
Neither the lives and features
of men nor the pace of science
and technology can be denied.
To deny either would be to invite rain. Still something must
be done,
containing does not provide
an adequate solution. It can be
successful in only very limited
circumstances and within very
limited combines, Education as
yet provides no answers For
the more educated men we produce, the faster our society
advances leaving us further
and further behind.
While management and labor
argue and long-term unemploy»
ment increases, the technological revolution irresistibly advances creating both the workers and the problems of the
twentieth century. If we let our
society far outrrun our understanding of that society we invite disaster.
 
} announcement
Continued from Page 1
a special corporation on Frie
day morning.
The annual Phi Beta happy
lecture and tea are scheduled
for Friday, immediately following the announcement exercises,
Alumni Reunion activities
will be launched with a performance of the one-time favorite Broadway musical, “Any—
thing Goes,” at 8 pm. Friday.
The day-long Saturday pro«
gray will include a successful
of alumni college classes, a fax—
ulty~alumni coffee hour, an
alumni corporation, followed
by the traditional alumni parade and function, and a performance by the xerox String
quarter, and will be animated
by a series of class reunion
winners Saturday weight
Three meetings of the Grinnell Advisory Council have also
been scheduled—a dinner meeting Friday evening and subsequent sessions on Saturday
morning and afternoon.
Alumni will have final alumni college class in the form of
a gallery tour Sunday morning, followed by college church
services.
Senior Class Plans
— For Gift Collection
Senior class treasurer Mark
terminals reports that his cum
little is already making plans
for the pledge collection toward
the Senior Class gift.
Tomorrow hall chairman will
meet in order to get acquainted
with duties and the class goal
in regard to the class gift. All
seniors are tried to report to
the chairman any ideas con»
warning the nature of the class
gift.
Hall chairman are: Peter
Wolf, Dick trust, Herb Kelly,
Jim McKlvcen, George Fora
rest, Chip Cowles, Robin universe, Ralph grant, Mel Chilewich, Joel coleman, Paul
Courtright, Bob Patrick, Keith
hilton, Joe Stiffler, party
proteins, Joan anderson, carb
swiss, carb deals, Marilyn
Alt, and Jane Crouch.
On May 4, an all-class assembly will be held to introduce the
entire class to the gift idea and
invite them to participate in its
fulfillment. At that time, pledge
cards will be distributed and the
program will be explained
Bolh Primary courts
lies New illustrated
Three new illustrated of the
Men's Primary Court were selected by the CofHP Sunday.
Chosen as Chief Magistrate
was Sam Grossman; Gerald
forward and Ed Johnson will
be the new Associate pages—
trades. David cialis was se«
listed earlier to fill an interim
position as Associate Magistrate.
New members of the Women’s Primary Court are Karen
robinson, Pamela Clay, and
Mary Sue Wilson. Moving from
Associate Magistrate to Chief
Magistrate was arena Peterson.
 
The Senate Scene
By WADE STEVENSON
The Student Senate Wednesday night detected a motion to
appropriate $270 for a broken science building windows A1 cum<
person, C of HP representative, spoke in favor of the motion
and explained that there was sufficient evidence to indicate
that a student had broken the window with an empty liquid
bottle, >
During debate, a number of senators wishes to know why
the person responsible for the damage could not be approx
kennedy jefferson indicated that certain people knew who the
guilty party was, but these people would not testing again?
the person, When the vote was taken on the motion, not :single senator voted to appropriate the money
The Executive Cabinet vetoed a Senate resolution which
required campus organizations to submit “detailed statement:
of financial condition" to the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Marilyn Alt moved that the venue be overridden by the Senate.
While relating Miss Alt’s motion, Phil Johnson, S. G A.
President, said that “when the Student Senate starts to involve itself in every organization’s finances, the Student GOVernment will get logged down,” Johnson also said that such a
resolution would cause an "coordinate amount of trouble.”
Nancy Cox, chairman of the Appropriations Committee,
said that “after talking with the Student Auditor, it is apparent
that he thinks the resolution is a good one."
After sufficient debate, the Senate upheld the Executive
Cabinet's veto.
Phil Johnson introduced a car rule resolution which read
in part that the Student Senate “requests that the present rule
be clearly defined, with attention to:
a. The consequences of a violation of the rule.
b. The offices responsible for the administration of the rule.
1:, The procedures to be used in handling any violation or
request for exemption"
In favorite the resolution, Johnson stated that “nobody
seems to know who is responsible for car rule decisions and
nobody seems to know who is responsible for representing the
vibrators.
Karen robinson Stated that “the Senate would be building
initiative if it voted for this measure. Also, not enough time
was given for Senators to come up with alternative proposals
or amendments.” Miss robinson then moved that the resolution
be contained for a week. The motion was adopted by the Senate.
Sam Grossman, Jerry forward, and Ed Johnson were approved as managers of the Men's Primary Court.
in a final bit of business, M " yn Alt moved that the Senate send a directive to Paul Courtright to pick up a pop machine
money box from Mrs, Lord in barnes calls Miss Alt indicated
that she had talked to Courtrlght at least three times about
the money box.
Nancy Cox explained that "Mr. Courtright has just gotten
a typhoid shot and is a bit under the weather," Miss Cox indicated that a directive would not be necessary and that she
would talk to Mr. Courtright about the money box. pmid ap<
clause and daughter, the Senate detected Miss Alt's motion for
a directive and, in doing this, gave a vote of sympathy to those
who must struggle through the rights of typhoid shotsi
 
performing Chosen for ’Anything Goes;'
Rehearsals Underway for May 13 Show
Sing, Rick Geertz, Pete Wallace. Dick Ohlemeyer, and Brad
Lorimier have the male lead
roles.
The chorus features the for-
fingers, banners and accompanying are well into their sec
and week of rehearsals on
"Anything Goes," 3 Cole Porter
musical to be presented this
spring by the music department, Performances are scheduled for May 13, 14, and 15, and
again on June 5, announcement night,
The production is co-directed
by Betty Voertman (speech),
and Don J o n e a (music).
”There’s nothing serious about
this show,” Jones. say, “It's a
typical Cole Porter musical;
just singing and dancing and
fun.”
Female leads are played by:
can Wilkes, Susan Stuart,
Ruth Unruh, Gretchen speaker, Dianne Dunn, india Beach,
Penny gender, and relation
Rice, Craig Welterlen, party
Yaseen, K e its King, Milt
google, Don Reimer, 0r! Tei-
losing: Carol hunter. Margaret teachers, Candy Rogers,
Janet Owen, Pam Dryden, Batu
bars denmark, Marilyn brake.
Joel batteries, David Nehr«
porn, Dennis cameron, John
Phillips, Jack Hansen, and
Rick classes. In addition, there
will be 12 banners who will appear in a taylor scene.
+++two+++++>r+4~ ' ‘ ' ‘+++-i-+F
Grinnellians are starting to say
That things have too long been
quiet,
”msn't it time for Spring Day
Or (better yet) . . . . . spring
McPubliiu
+++tzvl~+++t~++w
 
 
Page Four
 
.7,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mrs. Howard R. women ls shown above helping indicate a new
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Lamli Named Winner
at Danlorih lirant
W. Curtis Lamb, in, who
was named last month as a
Woodrow Wilson ,Fellow, has
' also won a Daniorth Graduate
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
love school in the dis
at Ahmednaqar, India. during the tour she took with the president this winter. President
women announced last week that the college's excellent relations with the Ahmednugur
area. and especially the college there. would be continued on an expanded level.
—Wal|hour studios
 
Grinnell to Expand Relationship With Ahmednagar
.Will Include Contributions. Exchange of Personnel
Grinnell has taken steps to
strengthen its relationship with
Ihmednagar College in India,
President Howard R. women
announced last week.
women said the expanded pro-
gray could include such projects as Cash contributions to
the college and an annual book
collection for its library, plus
providing visiting centuries
when traveling Grinnell faculty
 
Grinnellians Present Numerous Papers
At Iowa Academy of Science Meeting
Eight Grinnell processors and
nine students presented papers
at the annual meeting of the
Iowa Academy of Science at
Luther College in deborah, last
Weekend.
The participants and their
paper titles were:
Dr. Guillermo vendors, biology, “Growth and differentiation of the sexually dimorphic
tips of griffin species.”
Dr. LaVerne H. turkey, biology, ”A quantitative method
{or the study "of golden and
sports in big residents.”
Dr. Luther E. ericsson,
Chemistry, “Proton NMR special of specific anhydrides: sol»
,sent effects on spinrspin counting contracts."
Dr. Roger J. canyon, Physics
“Energy special of declared
gamma radiation from interactive sources and commit radiation” and, with michael Schul»
how. senior, “Undergraduate
advanced laboratory apparent
{or an optical jumping experiment.”
Dr. Neil D. Kent, psychology,
with Michael M. batteries,
senior, and Leslie Jl newsletter,
junior, "Sexual behavior in
adult male wild Norway Rats"
and with David R. Brown, sen»
for, “Effects of presented continuing and non»continuing
punishment."
Dr. D. W. Tyler, psychology,
with nudity A. savings, senior,
and Elihbeth A Sprague, junior, “ResistanCe to extraction
following two patterns of partial reinforcement” and, with
real F. Viemeister, junior, and
 
Jean Pierce, junior, “Bar press
behavior reinforced by put retrieval.”
Dr. George M. Robertson.
biology, “Further considerations of early vertebrate phylogeny."
Dr. William C. belle, chem»
entry, “The design of apparatus
specifically for teaching.”
John McCarthy, senior,
“Electrical aspects of a regulated toronto.”
url having Y. Fishman, biology, served as chairman of
the biology section during the
meetings.
 
members are nearby, occasional faculty centuries for a agreements quarter,- and occasional
consultation service or representation in the United States.
Continued sending of Grinnell Travel»SerVice Scholars to
Ahmednagar each year and ex—
change of students for specified
periods of study are other facets of the program.
Use of qualified Ahmednagar
faCulty members as visiting
computers at Grinnell would also
be involved. Grinnell has already had one Ahmednagar
representative—Thomas Barnabas, principal (president) of
the colleagues a visiting professor of chemistry here, during the first semester this
year.
Pointing out his conviction
that such an expanded program would be very meaningful
to Grinnell students and faculty members, women said that
AHMEDNAGAR—
Continued on Page 4
 
offers you
the finest
in American cuisine
recruitment of
the Old West
fellowship according to an an-
. tournament from the wanting
foundation.
This fellowship provides tuition and living expenses for
four years of study in preparation for a career in college
teaching. More than 1,000 college seniors computed for the
100 fellowships awarded this
year.
The grants are designed to
encourage outstanding college
graduates who have selected
college teaching as a career and
to help meet the critical national need for competent and
dedicated college instructors.
 
Friday. April 24. mo
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses, O.D.
Optometrist
Across from Post Office
 
THE JOLLY SWEDE
 
BERMUDA
SHORTS
from
5.00
SPORT sounds
from
2.99
Bob Reimer
 
 
Friday, April 14. I964
SCARLET AND BLACK
: Eclgren Describes african Town
. As Seen By American
By John Edgren
Grinnell Travel Scholar
The school is logged on ﬁle
side of a mountain. it operators
a plain, level, triangular, rather
like a tongue, delayed forth-
from a root to the left of and a
little behind the school's mountain, Malosa. looked in a depression toward the tip of that
tongue is a lake, Ohilwa, a
clear brilliant line of reflected
straight beyond which rise the
mountains of Portuguese East
Africa, On the singles opposite
side, running down to the lake,
is a series of mountains; the
throat to which these hills narrow is cooked by the nearest
post office and a small village,
Kasupe, four miles distant, The
school is logged in the colors
of the countryside; it is part of
the enamel that covers that
, soft, most basic genuine of
earth and rock upon which die
nation tests.
This is, as I said, a school,
but a school twice qualified, It
is a building school and a mission school. It is due mostly to
.these latter considerations that
the establishment crimes the
mountain as it does, the school,
and the directories for boys,
being separated by a mile of
dirt road finding around the
mountain side, several hundred
feet of attitude, and a hospital,
, from the mission station proper
where are houses the staff, and
around which middle the forms»
movies for girls. It is from
this station, called Mkuli, that
one can most easily see the re«
nation of the school to the sur<
mounting land, can most clearly see the teeth rising opposite
and the lake, can most clearly
feel the isolation of me school.
It is these latter considerations as well that make the
most striking modifications of
What might be called the schoolness of the place. Here are
classes held and subjects
taught; the course is ancient,
time—hundred, v entrance:
mathematics, English history,
science; the fingers of the academic world celebrate to this
slow place and make their just
demands, but here also Is held
Anglican chapel twice a day,
and classes are scheduled so
that boys and girls will have a
minimum of time together;
dress is strictly prescribed and
corrected wiﬂh a refinance;
respect, even fear, of the
authority of staff is intensity.
if ineliectually, informed. The
buildings, the people, sprinkled
around the skirts of this mountain serve not so much the abstract and principles demands
of education and learning, as
they do the ideal of relating a
race, a nation, a people, an individual, in the image of their
centers.
This small bit of isolation,
this hard surface on the nation’s
softness, slowly holds the
people sent here, slowly candidates them to a payable consistency, sharing them to a new
form. Any good school does
this; it is unavailable, even desirable. The challenge dropped
by the nature of that process
to those who participate in it
is, oi course, what form is to
be sought; it is, if you will, the
shape of the enamel. That challenge has here been picked up,
and the resulting of the enamel
provides the dynamic element
in educational goals as this na»
tion moves toward independence. The enamel, ultimately, it
is clear, must fit the genuine;
the schools of this nation must
serve the most basic underlying character of the nation or
crack and springer as they wear
away at its proceeding generations.
The progress of dynamic
change as these small bits of
social enamel begin to report
to the basic trucks of the land
and its people, as colonialism
passes and the independence of
July strikes reader, has begun
to be evident. The amount
spent on education has increased by several times in the
last five years: church affiliated students are no longer
sent to c h u r c h affiliated
schools; less than one quarter
of the students here now are
Anglican; there is an influx of
Peace Corps volunteers, topless Americans among the Brit-
 
If You Look!
Yei'i'll find a complete
line of drugs and
fine DuIARRY COSMETICS
Of
sharp Pharmacy
4th Ave.
 
TASTY
PASTRY
SHOP
The dsl
place to
come!
923 avon:
Teacher
iso clinics; in all of these and
more can be seen the delay of
the old order. The pensions of
this process too, are evident in
the faces and lives of those who
struggle to maintain their
lines against the inexorable
change. Boys labor daily, cutting the school’s beautiful grass
as punishment for shipping
chapel services they can see no
reason for attending. They are
supervisor by dictionaries, in
districts, a little grid, who
primarily despite the attitudes
of these new young, the increasing age of secondary school pupils, the growing trend toward
regular education. Where will
it end? It can never end, but
only continue in new directions;
we have a second African
teacher here this year.
manner Prize—maker
To Be Seen in ARH
By BRUCE KAUFMAN
Viridianna, winner of the
manner Film Festival Grand
Prize in 1961, will be Shown in
ARH on Saturday at 10 p m.,
and Sunday at 7:30 p m.
The plot concerns a beautiful
affiliate who visits her uncle
before she forsakes the world.
Her uncle, Don crime, is a
Hi‘éM‘i‘+’r3‘i-iii ride a n n a
Saturday, 10 pm.
:‘i‘rl‘i-d‘i'ii‘ivsh
Sunday, 7:30 p.m.
ARH Theatre
s++++~i~+++iii<+++
worn out Spanish idealist living on a decrease estate. When
she arrives Don crime‘s lower
ing to see becomes a lodging
to possess. Consequently, Viridianna’s regular education is
more sorted than sacred. The
result is incest, death and
debauchery.
/For reporting /the evans of
continental party and morris
tyranny in france’s Spain, the
movie has been banned in that
country. Director Luis tunnel
makes a society of sex, religion, and authority in Viridianna.
 
Page Five
Seen room ﬂy around the campus early this week In their
newly adopted "performs" were Susan Gilmour, Bunny Hunt.
and Linda alexander. The girls were among eleven new members elected to portal Board last Sunday. (Story. page 'I)
As
towns for three days.
part- of initiative, members must wear the caps and
 
} Ahmednagur
Continued from Page 5
“in time, other modes of co—
operation might become possible."
Grinnell’s interest in Ahmednagar began in 1953 when Mrs.
John scholar golden, world—
traveling width of a former
Grinnell president, came away
impressed following a visit to
the campus. Through her efforts, an annual chapel fund
was established to assist Ah.
mednagar.
During their recent roulette-world tour, President and
Mrs. women spent several days
visiting the college, a Christian
institution of about 2400 std<
cents located about 150 miles
east of combat.
 
I. O O K
SOMETHING NEW
Ahrvcmo's will deliver
Sandwiches with on Order of
$2.00 or more g with at pizzol
AHRVANO'S
PHONE
6-6222
 
SALES - REPAIR - RENTAL
underwear — OIiveH'i
See Us for Party Goods
Grinnell
file Supply
Across from the Post Office
In Our New Store Building
 
The House of hampshire aim... maria...
Larry Hawk
ali. 5A7
Campus Repreienlalim
CLASS RINGS
Chuck kyle
Ext-467
WEDDING AND ENGAGEMENT RINGS
HELBROSE WATCHES
CULTURED PEARLS
also
COSTUME JEWELRY AND PERSONALIZED STATIONERY
 
 
All,“
By JIM FISH
S & B Sports Editor
Grinnell‘s track team journals 'this weekend to the brake
delays in Des points, where they will face some of the toughest college competition in the nation. Pioneer Coach Dick
Young has entered his men in five relay events and in three
of the open individual events.
Coach Young will take his ace relay team of Ron Schache], Jeri Langham, John TePaske, and Bruce keyword, who
will no doubt be facing their toughest opponents of the season.
Coach Young has the quarter entered in the sprint wesley
recreational where theywill run against top relay teams from
schools such as Texas Southern, radar Tech, and Lincoln
University.
Young’s relay team will also be depending its 880-yard
and mile relay championships won last year in the Iowa
College division. Grinnellians who travel the elements to
see the team run last year saw Fred Berg make a courageous
finish after pulling a which muscle about 50 yards from the
finish line. Berg was able to make it across the line to clinic
the first in the Sad-relay. With Berg out for the day, Coach
Youn had to call tracking Fred Arnold out of the stands to
take era’s place in the mile relay. The team of Arnold, John
Edgren, Jeri Langham, and Bruce keyword combined to take
another first with a time of 13:22.3 in the mile event.
Entering the individual events for the Pioneers will be
Rod Brown in the two mile run, Tom Wood in the Javelin,
and Jim Miller in the shot put. Miller, just last week, broke
the college shot put record with a leave of 491%”.
The Pioneers, who haven’t missed a brake Relay for 51
years, have been named one of the honor teams at the delays
his year. Grinnell, sharing honors with the University of
Minnesota, will be awarded a prague by delays Director Bob
barnes at the annual coaches dinner to be held tonight in
Des points.
This award, as well as the fact that the Olympics are
coming up this summer in Tokyo, moved this writer to do
a little investigation to see how Grinnell College winners
have done in the past half century, both in the brake delays
and in national and world competition.
Probably the best known of the Grinnell create is for-
an Taylor, a hurdlerfwas the only American tracking ever
0 place among the top three in three consecutive Olympic
games. Taylor, ’25, broke the world’s record in winning the
400~meter handles at the 1924 games in Paris. In the 1928
games in Amsterdam he placed second, and in 1932, at Los
Angeles, he was able to take a third. Taylor still holds three
Grinnell College track records: 120-yard high handles in :14.7,
220-yard high handles in 223.2, and the broad jump with a
lead of 25’2".
Taylor’s coach‘, Harry J. (“Doc”) Huff, ’09, was a great
springer, clicking a sub ten second hundred yard dash. Huff
beat the country's top stainless when he won both the 100
and 220-yard dishes in the Olympic layout finals at Jameskown, Va. The Grinnell College charles and Black reported
is running in-the 1908 Olympics in England as follows: “Soon
after his arrival in England. Huff contractor a severe cold,
due to the peculiar London climate, which with a obtained
angle received on the second day of training, presented his
appearing at his best. However, he won precipitation in both
events, the 100 and 200 meter dishes, and was only narrowly
better in the semi-final.“
Other great names in Grinnell College track history include Charles Hoyt, ’18, national collective sprint champion;
Karl pass, a dasllman who represented the United States in
the teaching Olympics (Inter-Allied meet in teaching Stadium, Paris); Leonard fault, ’22, a Phi pete who was a na»
national titlewinning springer; and “Iron Mike" Pilbrow, the
NCAA 2-mile cheap in 1933. One could go on and on about
the good winners Grinnell has had who haven’t gained national fame. This would be an overwhelming task and I won’t
even try to begin to list some of these great winners.
Chief starter at the delays this year will again be Les
Duke ‘25, Grinnell track coach‘front 1927 to 1947, and him»
self quite a tracking for the Pioneers. Mr. Duke is now with
the Ramsey Insurance Agency in Grinnell and is an acid
supported of Grinnell track activities.
Added incentive for Grinnell students to attend the 1964
brake delays (well, at least for the men) will be the special
event Saturday afternoon featuring the “bouffanted” young
ladies from the Texas Track Club. The Texas club will meet
the five best 440board Iowa high school girl’s relay teams.
Sharp-eyed readers of the April 20th issue of Sports Illustrated will recall the teaching cover picture and story which
told of the Texas Track Club and their coach who are dedicated to the proposition that a girl can be beautiful and still
run the 100 in 10.9. See you at the delays!
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
holders Win 12th,
With victorian Over
Carleton, St. Olaf
The Pioneer variety golf
team added two more victorian
over the weekend to extend its
Winning stream to twelve
matches. Mike Miller led the
way over St. Olaf last Saturday, 9-6, and Ted sister was
medalist in the 1075 Victory
over Carleton at Northfield,
Minnesota.
Mike Miller’s performance
was a tremendous improvement
after last week's 107 at Iowa
State. He finished with a 78 and
won his match 2—1. Dave Sellergren and Ted sister each
garden 79’s. Eric Miller Shot an
83 and Jeff boolean finished
with an 87. Tops for St. Olaf
was cal UlVeStad with a 79.
Ted sister. apparently not
gathered by the clusters death»
er at Carleton, turned in the
best score of the season, a per
72. He and Russ garden, With a
78, won their matches 3-0. Mike
Miller garden an 81, Sellergren
an 32, and Eric Miller an 83.
Today the Pioneers travel to
Des points for the brake In»
vocational Tournament. Last
year Grinnell finished second,
only 3 strikes behind works
College.
The Grinnell freshman team
opens its season next Wednesday against joe and Cornell at
the Grinnell course.
The longest nine~ending major
league game was a four hour
and 52 minute players marathon
between the San Francisco films and the Los angeles workers on Oct. 2, 1962. The Bed
gel-s won, s7.
 
Friday. April 24. 1964
 
Thinclads Travel to brake delays;
Defend 880 and Mile-Relay Titles
By Pete coleman
The Grinnell track team
travels to Des points this
weekend to enter the brake delays. The Pioneer continuing
will enter in fiVe of the delays:
the 440, 880, mile, twodnile,
sprint wesley and distance
wesley.
This past weekend, the team
was split into groups, one of
which traveler to the Kansas
delays and the other which
took part in the Dickinson delays in Cedar Falls.
At Kansas, 2 mile relay
squad, consisting of Dewitt.
Langham, TePaske and keyword placed sixth with a time of
3225.2, following their 323.2 effort in the time trials. button,
Langham, TePaske and neck—
old, placing fifth, set a new
school record in the two-mile
relay, covering the distance in
7252.4, breaking last year's rec»
0rd of 7:53.7 set by terrain,
button, Langham and Beckiord.
In the distance wesley, button,
Langham, TePaske and Beckiord, pulled out a third place
with a time of 10:27.3.
At SCI, only pop players were
Ron Schachel, with a fourth in
the 100, and the freshman sprint
wesley team of Watt, canon,
Hill and paintball managing a
third with a time of 32403.
On Tuesday, the concerned
dropped a dual meet to power-
 
DENO'S
PIZZA
Cold Beverages
Spaghetti Every Monday and Wednesday
l
FREE DELIVERY — CALL 236-6334
 
due & fashion
Prices Reduced
50¢
TAKE ADVANTAGE NOW!
 
“The finest"
4th Ave.
 
fun SCI, 107-29. Jeri Langham's
4:31.!) mile run and John TB<
waste‘s 1:573 were the only
Pioneer victory.
This Tuesday, the Pioneers
host Central in the only home
meet of the 1904 season.
Statistics.
S.C.I- (107) V1. Grinnell (2')
m relay — S.C1. (Notice, Begiey.
Long. 5mm), :43;
Mile — men ranging
m _ Rich angel. 5
Shot Put _ Gordon 5 .c
High Jump ~ Dave Sunitke, s (1
mo _ George Moses. S.C.I
251mm Jumn _ John begin .
2' /z
l5ago High duties — Mike Long. sci.
Javelin _ punk safari. s.cl.. ms
sen _ .vnhn TePaske. Grinnell. 1:573
220 — McEee, sci, 224
you seller _ 1m. tough. S.C.I.. iz-s
22v Low puzzles a Doug person. s.c.i.
16.8
2 Mile Run _ .v-y pncnnm, sci. 10:“
focus —— scales, s.c.i.. 137
one Mile Relay _ 5 er (angel, wm
klnson, Van Voomls. limited). 3:23,»
Wrestling on Rise
GREELEY, solo. (AW—About
200 high school wrestling coaches in the state are former athletes of Coach John Hancock at
Colorado State College. When
Hancock stated the first prep
tournament in Colorado in 1936,
there were only nine high school
wrestling sms in the whole
state.
TENNiS RACKETS expected Restrung $4.00. Ken Clymer, ext.
476.
Dr. R. Maas r
Optometrist
Phone 236-4002
779 59h Avenue
across from
United Food Store
Contact Lenses
Complete Optical
Laboratory
 
hidoy April 2 954
Ball Team“ Wins Doubleheader;
Tied for dsl in Southern Division
By Jack narrow
Grinnell’s diamondmen fresh
from a dual win over Cornell
last week, return home for
three games this weekend
against plymouth and Knox.
This afternoon the Pioneers
single with the plymouth nine
and on Saturday mark the midway point of the season by opposite the Siwash in a twin
bill.
On April 18th the charles
founded out identical 4-2 vii:movies over Cornell's cams at
Mt. Vernon. Once again, fine
matching saved the way with
penny Hanssen going the route
in the opened while Barry M.
Anderson and Cal soldier
tested up to win the fighters.
Hanssen also shipped 12 battery
in his seven ending saint.
Nick songs lead the Pioneer
hitting attack against the
cams by swimming a bases»
loaded triple in the second
game and driving in a total of
5 runs for the day. songs' six
hits in the twin bill located his
season betting average up to
.272.
Hanssen, soldier, Dave Synburst and Dick Ulrich, who is
hitting .600, also picked up key
hits for the charles. in a
marked improvement over past
performances, th e Grinnell
squad committed a total of
only one error in both contests.
Coach John deutsch sizes up
gamma:
Now Showing
I
catalog Wood
Steve McQueen
“LOVE WITH
THE PROPER
STRANGER”
Sunday and Monday
“Dr. Slrangelove
or
how I learned to shop
carrying
and love the bomb
Tiles. and Wed.
a new foreign click
“TO BED OR
NOT TO BED” ..
Coming boy7
“TOM JONES"
i
 
Grinnell p r u s p e its with
awarded optimize. "We passed
a crucial test last week,” commercial deutsch, “but we've got
an important series coming up.
We need at least two wins this
weekend to be a real continued.” deutsch attributes the fine
showing so far to a combination of things. The crew of
sophomores ‘on the roster,
many of whom did not play
fresh ball last year, have come
around at the plate and now
carry much of the hitting load
"If we keep up this hitting and
maintain our improved building, we might have a really
fine season,” predicted deutsch.
The major threat to the Pioneers hopes will come from
the Knox team that invited
Grinnell tomorrow. The Siwash
right now are tied with the
Pioneers for the lead in the
MCAC Southern Division, holding down a 3-1 conference record and a [H overall mark.
Picked by the D. M, Register
for a pendant repeat this year,
Knox has most of its veterans
returning his season, including found star Doug piece,
along with some fine nursing
prospects up from 1953’s fresh
squad,
This afternoon's opponent,
plymouth, handed Knox their
only setback so far in the young
campaign. The scott figure as
a dark horse in the pendant
race this year.
placed for matching duty for
the Pioneers this weekend are
penny Hanssen, Barry M. Anderson and Steve billy.
Thin trends for Speed
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — Craig
Breedlove set a world’s land
speed record of 407 miles an
hour in his jet car “Spirit or
America" on tires with paper—
thin trends.
The tires were made that
way because contributed force
and heat, not wear. are the
chief problems in driving at
high speeds, says the footwear
Cd, designers of the tires.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
helmet Over Knox,
Lose to Carleton;
To travel lo lSU
The Grinnell tennis team was
detected by conference chat—
tion Carleton, 7-Z,'last Friday
on the Pioneer courts. The
only winners for the Pioneers
were Bob Kornfeld at number
four singles winning a three set
marathon 6-8, 876, 6-3. and the
number two douglas team of
Mike Greenfield and Kornfeld
winning 6-4, 8-6.
At the number one spot Larry Shannon lost to conference
champion Larry i—lunch 6-0. 62,
Shannon was followed by Ken
Clymer in the number two spot
who lost to Jim Keenan 6-1, 6-D,
In other matches Mike Green»
field was edges 4-6, 4—5 and
Roger Abendroth at number
five went three sets losing 6-0,
1-5, do.
Clymer and Shannon tested
up at the number one douglas.
They played well in the first set
but lost 6-4, 6-2. The number
three douglas team of Dick
settled and Abendroth was
edges 57, «Hi
On Tuesday, the nutten got
back on the winning trail as
they detected Knox 5 -Z. Shannon in the number one spot
easily joined Bill Dean 6-1, 6-0,
and Clymer followed with a 673,
6-4 victory over Gary Nelson.
Kornleld at number four lost a
hard fought match 6-4, 8-6, but
Roger Abendroth at number
five came on to win easily 6-4,
6-0. Greenfield number three
lost 6-4, 6-3.
Shannon and Ciymei‘ launched
the victory by depending a douglas team of Nelson and Dean
6-1, 6-1. At number two douglas
Greenfield and Komfeld fought
back from a 5-2 deficit in the
3rd set to win 6-3, 5-7. 7>5.
This Tuesday the nutten
will take on Iowa State in
Ames. The linear is not fully
decided, but Coach add powers
will probably continue with
Shannon, Clymer. Greenfield,
Kornfeld, Abendroth and center as the starting six,
. habits Pepsi
for those who think young
big. love
.- Animal Life -l-
By Don scratch
Well, the baseball season‘s in
full swing eVen'if all of the
mighty 1M battery area’t.
Even a few cold and visual
days haven’t deferred the
many have and hearts athletes
of North Campus, and only
once, last Monday, did Mr.
Truesdale have to restrict the
pages baseball address from
pushing the three playing fields
amidst the onslaught of a finishing transform. Monday's
games were made up last beds
nasdaq, however.
liable and South were the
teams to beat as of last Wednesday noon, both‘teams starting a 3-0 record. watson and
Smith were up there too, however, with 2 wins and 1 loss
each. East is next with a 2-2
record. West and Clark are
likewise balanced, but with 1-1
records. North was l-Z, and
Cowles, Gates, and Langan
were doing an especially fine
job of holding down last place,
with 0-3, 0-2, and 0-2 record!
respectively. I’ll tell you some<
thing, though; if they gave
posts to the team having the
most fun, Langan w o u i (
easily be in the lead.
It’s a little early yet to make
any accurate predictions, but
I'd guess South, East, and
maybe watson, if Rein rural
can control his speeds matching. will be among the top containers, liable and Smith,
though, certainly can’t be dis
counted yet.
Track and Golf meets are
boat coming up. May 2, is the
Track date (May 9, if it gains),
and May i, and s, are the Golf
dates (or May ii, i! one date is
contained).
in Track, I’d say watch Gates
or liable. Golf should be (21058.
but I've got a feeling East will
be tough. Whatever the outcome, there should be pretty
good participation, and if you‘
possibly can, help out with of»
operating at the Track meet. Til
next time.
 
l
Lect’thernecks Arrive‘
Seeking New Blood
Marine Captain R. W, Badeker, officer selection officer
from Des points, has announced that the Marine Corps
officer selection team were in
like Union April 2|) to give the
officer selection test and interview- students interested in
earning Marine Corps commissions.
audio and senior women
are eligible for the Woman Officer Candidate course, which
is conducted in the summer and
lists ten weeks. Graduates are
commissioner at the end of the
s u n1 n1 e r training course,
Those who have not completed
their senior year are commissioner when they receive their
degrees
Freshman, sophomore, and
junior men are eligible for the
station Leaders class, which
requires two six-week summer
trainingisessions with a com
mission awarded at graduation.
The officer Candidate Course
"DowN A: CHAYZL KILL, they"
iuri Wild boost Sen-for copyright.
though they do minor degree Illa!
he believes in keeping ins Nidr-x
in ”volt nlnee. But the serum
promise: to aoopmla in my program in keep in. people: s...
shaved by the columnists. whether
white, black. M brown, in men plaza.
m ho mlly inn't guilty 9! discounts'nlnun. ll you can’t see what we cum
why. you were
not educated
at Chapel 11m.
5., . in. copy .i m.
run-n! have of NA-
 
IiONAl review, m
in Diet cu, I50
:5 st. N v. ii. N.
Pool thing."
is open to seniors and graduates. An officer candidate at—
sends a ten-week training session following graduation and
is commissioner upon successful completion of the course.
coaches Are Set
BUFFALO, N. Y. (hm—Bob
Devaney ol Nebraska will coach
the West team in the fourth initial Alernierica football game
to be played here June 27.
He will be assisted by Jim
teens or Washington and John
McKay or Southern California
Pete Elliott of Illinois will
coach the East and will be assisted by Navy’s Wayne norm“
and Pittsburgh's john Michelosen. /
p Students,
Did You Know.
Regardlessofwhere
You Live. You Can
Can Home (stationtoAstatiori) After Z
~ 9:00 PM. For g
90:: or less (plus tax)
For 3 minutes "
CALL TONIGHT
If you drive one of these sports gets
the only way you’ll beat Ford’s new bus-
tank is with a line-up
{£4
from
BOLLUM’S are ‘
SERVIGE Q”
 
ARD
 
supervision the preparation of salary for joined
SCARLET AND BLACK
users n the Quad dining hall are Georg a
ticket. Susan parameter. Greg face, and Larry jefferson. II' is iusr part of their jobs as
head mattress and writer. (Story below.)
 
New Head mattress, matter align;
0am] outcomes Georgia and Greg
By Pam Clay
, April 8th saw two new
people In control of the Quad
tuning room. Actually they are
not new to any of us; Georgia
ticket and Greg face have
green working into their new
jobs for months, and on April
they took over by them-
.elvis. Sue parameter and car-
y jefferson have been reEnquishing their duties and
ending the new head writer
nd mattress get the feel of be-
g in command.
Sue, commentary about her
former job as head mattress,
told, ”The head mattress is responsible for all the waitresses; she has to make out the
schedule, do the payroll, and
try to keep people happy at
the same time.” Though she is
only responsible for working
served meals, Sue explained
that she always feels responsible for the Quad dining room
and is always aware of her responsibilities.
“We (Larry and herself)
mostly watch to see how per»
pre work, what their attitude is,
and correct any mistakes Actually, I work for Saga rather
than the college,” she said,
“We are operators between the
student workers and Saga; it
is a middle-supervisors position. Once you have the job you
can’t get away from it. People
come to you with their problems; they expect you to know
What is for dinner, who works
Where and why, etc. it is impossiblel But it is only as much
work as you make it~and it is
fun!”
“Two things bother me,"
the watched, ”Sometimes people brush past me and say,
“Excuse me, Georgia! 1 hope
I have not lost my identity that
much, Birthday cakes are just
one of the classes I bear; one
is okay, but when there are
three the same night. it is
Work!"
Larry jefferson also had a
 
few things to say about his life
at the Quad. Something owners
don’t often realize is the job
he and Al Murray have of coordination between the kitchv
en and the dining room, The
food gets in and out pretty
fast sometimes!
”Of course, we work during
announcement w e e k and
alumni weekend,” he said. “It
is especially fun to work when
the clubs are here because
they have lots of memories to
bring up.” Larry is scoring up
a new memories of his own: it
seems that when he was a
sophomore, the lights went out
in the first of a formal dinner. “It was not bad in the
dining room ‘since it was a
candlelight dinner,” he
watched, “but it was not too
good in the kitchen—and it is
a good thing they came on before we had to wash dishes!
What pieces me? I guess it is
when people reserve a table
and don't come!”
Everyone agreed that there
is no formal training program
for the new head writer and
mattress. It is mostly gradually letting them do the work and
get accustomed to the routine
so they are aware if a problem
or irregularity prices; it is requiring a feeling for the job.
Greg is looking forward to
his job as a good experience
in organization and human relations. “As a character build»
er it will make me or break
me!” he jokes, “The frustratv
ing thing is that we don’t really do anything with our hands.”
Greg did mention a few video
Commonly noted in the Quad:
“They (the girls) wonder
around on cloud nine at any
cafeteria meal and haven’t the
comment reproduction of the
seating plan. And all that competition about a long line!
There are continued little crisis
——like writers not showing up
and dishes breakingibut the
job is actually a labor of love
and marvelously stimulating."
 
Georgia has numerous small
details to occurs all her spare
time. Hair news, no thumbs,
clean tables, etc... are very Irn-
contact for a smooth running,
disciplines dining room, and to
preserve an image of precious
living.
Georgia agreed that most’of
their training is just the constant awareness that occurs
through practice and familiarity. Her pieces were, “the constant competition about the
long line. . . .., they have no
idea of the breakfast seating
arrangement. . . ., and competition to me about the food—
which does absolutely no
good!"
In suite of the “hampshire"
all four enjoy their work in
Two Grinnell College prove sort will be conference participants at the annual meeting of
the American Philosophical
Association, western division, in
Milwaukee, his, April 30-May
Zr
Dr, H. George Apostle, Steele
professor of mathematics, will
serve on a panel which will
discuss “Science in the Teaching of Philosophy and Philosophy in the Teaching of Sci-
Friday. April 24, I 754
Apostle, Kunlz Io participate Soon
In Annual Conference of Philosophers
once." Dr, Paul G. Kuntz,
Noble professor of philosophy
and religion, is on a panel
which Will investigate ”Charles
Hartshorne’s Philosophy of
Creativity."
Also attending the meetings
from the college will be Dr.
real W. Klausner, Miller pro-
lesson of philosophy and rely<
tion, and Dr. Richard Cole, assistant professor of philosophy
and religion.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Quad.
hearing Is Here!‘
Drive down to
Crinnell Federal,
then
butt your money
in a savings
account
and
have a bringing time all
summer while your money works
at
GRINNELL FEDERAL
SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION
"Where you save does make . dinsrenc."
Things To Do delay
Have you \done
if yes? ‘
There’s still time.
Do it before it’s
Do it in the apr
low Idle.
ing.
The end is in sight.
Do it now, avoid the May rush.
STORE YOUR FURS AND WOOLENS NOW
Serving Both North and South
Campus Agencies
 
