Weekend to Feature Action for WUS}
De Coteau Will Debut with Orchestra
Auction
Tile annual auction carnival
sponsored by the World driver.
mlty Service will be held Friday
night in the Women's Gym, 173‘
winning at 8 p.m.
Various campus organization, including the CofHP, Honor G, Women’s Honor G, metropolitan Club, IRC, the Board
or Religion, ROTC, and Young
epublicans, will conduct actor
its months for the carnival.
There will be a turtle race, a
banana feed (blindfolded), a
basketball throw, and a legs
contest. A make sale featuring
goods based by faculty wives
Will be another feature,
Richard M. years, professional auctioneer, will be on
hand when campus items go
up for sale. Bidding is open to
all students, with proceeds go
ing to the WUS, The local student committee in charge of the
event includes harris bailey.
Bunny King, and Bruce keyword, chairman. They released
army this week a list of choice
terms that would be up for sale:
From South Campus: permalink beauties of Cleveland
Hall offer Sunday afternoon
said service to at men’s hall; a
Loose pillow fight with breakfast afterwards for 18; and
touch-and-go proposition for a
fuel on the gridiron and a
line in the Forum from 12
pulchritudinous p u n t e r s of
Cleveland seller; a royal Rod
man run for ’20 circular calculate banks.
From North Campus, a based
and low breakfast for five women: a polar picnic; an evening
of Bacchaualian jewelry by five
respondents of Artemis by five
veteran playmakers a la deutsch
and BacchaSArepast and German Ambrosia at the Amanas.
From the faculty—a weekend
canon trip for six girls; a volleyball game with the faculty
volleyball team; various winners; and use of citizens for
an evening.
Orchestra
penis M. de Coteau will make
his debut as conducted of the
58-piece Grinnell College or«
chester in its first public concert of the academic year this
Saturday at B p.m. in Roberts
Theatre.
Opening the program will be
Beethoven’s “Egmont” overcome, followed by Sohubert
Symphony No. Si in D Major.
”8
other selections on the program include Vivaldi'l concerts Grosso in D Minor, Opus 3,
No. 11; Roy harris' “Melody”
and the lntermezzo from Kodaly’s opera “Mary hands."
De Cotelau joined the Grinnell
facility this fall after receiving
his corporate in music from
Stanford University, where he
was assistant conducted of the
university orchestra. He also
holds BS. and M.A. degrees
from New York University.
Arthur L. powell, sophomore
violation is concentration for
the orchestra Dennis Murphy,
junior violation, is assistant
conducted,
 
.Student Affairs Committee By-laws
The following, which was adopted September 23 by the faculty, is
I part of their bylaws, which prescribed the membership and duties
of the Faculty Committee on Student Aflai
A. Membership:
1. Voting membership: Five exec»
ted faculty members, the As»
society Dean, the Dean of
Men, the Dean of Women.
(The chairman shall he one
of the elected faculty members and shall be nominated
to the Faculty by the Committee on Faculty organization.)
.Consultants: The Executive
Cabinet of the Student Government Association.
B. Duties:
i, To keep inter-med on those
broad aspects of the student
affairs of the college relating to student community life
and student government and
not within the preview of other standing committees of the
Faculty, with a View of evaluating policies and procedures
and or making reports and
recommendations to the president. of the College.
do recommend to the President of the College and to
the appropriate agencies of
student government rules of
conduct: to he observed by
students and the penalties
for the Violation thereof and
 
to review and make
recommendations on
such proposals for the modification of rules and penalties as are initiated by the
President of the College or
the appropriate agencies of
the student government.
.To consider and deCide all
cases in which the suspension
or discussed of a student for
reasons of social conduct has
been recommended by an appropriate agency; to inform
the President and Dean of
the College of any action of
the Committee choosing the
penalty of suspension or discussed,
. To consider and decide other
cases of the serious violation
of college rules as these
cases may be defined by the
Committee with the approval
of the President
. To review its decisions on
cases upon new evidence or
when other reasons make
such a review appropriate.
. To consider with the upper»
relate means the jurisdictional
ones, procedures, rules, and
penalties relating to the college rules governing student
conduct.
, To elect a secretary from its
own members, keep records.
and establish procedures for
the implementing oi the
above duties.
 
Public Relations
Grinnell College
Grinnell college
Oldest college Newspaper but of tin Mlnlulppi
 
Vol. LXXIl
Grinnell. Iowa. Wldnurlay. Navombor 25, m4
No. to
 
Faculty Committee Arts On Rules
Violation l) y South Younlrer Ilull
A series of events the past
week has led to the members
of South counter hall being
placed on conduct promotion.
The action was taken by the
Faculty Committee on Student
Affairs, in a anonymous deals-
ion, following the hall’s admission that it isolated the college
alcoholic beverage regulations
on the evening of Nov. 3.
As the 58:13 went to press, a
resolution which would remove
the warning from the members
 
Weekend of Uncertainty. Turmoil
For Student Government Officials
The South counter Decision
from the Committee on Student
Affairs brought on a period of
crisis among student government officials as they proved
among themselves and with
members of the administration
the possibility of major changes
in administration policy toward
rules and their enforcement
during-a celtic series of meetings throughout: the last week»
end.
Spearheading the movement
to find out what was going on
and what it meant to the student body were Phil Johnson,
Student Government President,
and Jim harrison, Speaker of
the Senate. Coming out of a
meeting Friday afternoon with
dildo Walker, Associate Dean
of the College, and 5. Eugene
Thompson, Dean of Men,
Johnson and harrison said that
they detected attitudes that to
them warned of an depending
“breakdown" by the administration in rule enforcement and
some sleeping changes in the
relationship between administrative enforcement action and
that on the student level.
In meetings with students on
Friday night and Saturday they
elaborated on their basic fears:
that college officials no longer
felt that monetary files were
useful interests and that instead the only effective penalties are conduct promotion,
suspension, or discussed; that
the student means will take any
cases of rule violations which
come to their attention to the
Thanksgiving
Chapel
A Thanksgiving worship service william held in service Chapel at 11:00 am. Thursday, N0<
member ati. Roger Eldrldga,
College Chuplaln, will speak (in
the topic "Note From the Ivory
Tower.”
The Thanksgiving entering
from this service will be corp
talented t0 the LeMoyne Collegeorlnnell exchange program.
 
Faculty Committee on Student
Affairs Mr disposition; that certain administration officials do
not see any reason to consult
with the SGA officials before a
hearing by the FCSA, and that
the FCSA has recommended to
the Board of Trustees that a
system of “advisors" be institutes on North Campus as soon
as possible.
Although the most immediate
response among members of
the Executive Cabinet on hearing these comments was t h a 1
their consulting power had been
withdrawn and all that re-
Applicatiolls Due for
Top 8&3 Posts Dec.2
Applications are now open for
the positions of editor and business manager of the charles and
Black. Students wishing to apply should write a letter listing
their class (preference sophomore or junior), previous training and experience, and any
plans they might have for
changing the paper. They should
submit that latter to the Committee un Student Publications
in care of Victor Verrette
(French) no later than a p.111. on
Wednesday, December 2.
gained was administrative and
enforcement power, further
investigations and talks among
all people concerned throughout the week-end revealed that
much had been the result of
misunderstanding, edition, exaggeration, and what one official called "opinion fingering."
in its oWn effort to determine
what was happening, the charles
and Black spent a large part of
the weekend contacting members
of the administration and members
of the FCSA, as wall as student
leaders.
Dean of the College James H.
Stauss said that the committee was
only advisory and that their action
in the South Younkler Case was not
GOVERNMENT—
Continued on Page I
of the hall who were in no way
involved in the event or its
planning, was being presented
to the Committee.
The events of the week started when the Dean of Men and
the Associate Dean of the college received an anonymous
letter stating that on the evening of Nov, 3, (election night)
South counter hall had sold
camcorders, pop, and beer in
their clubroom. (This action
isolated the college alcoholic
beverage regulation because it
involved consumption of beer
in the clubroom and the selling of it to motors.)
Upon receipt of the letter, the
Dean of Men began investigations which led to the hall‘s admission that the party was
held, that it was voted upon and
passed by the house council,
and was passed by the majority
of those attending a regular
house meeting at which it was
discussed. It was planned as a
fund raising function. The hall
made about $15.00 on it.
The letter itself did not lead
to the matter being taken to the
FCSA, but to investigations
which substantially parts of who
letter and displayed other
parts. The violation explained
above was the matter that was
taken to the committee.
On Monday evening, Nov, 16,
the Dean of Men attended the
South counter implementing
and explained that the action
could not go unpunished. At
that time the hall made it clear
that the responsibility for the
event was the hall‘s and the
punishment should be meter
out to the hall, rather than to
the individuals who were directly responsible for the buying and selling of the requirements and the planning of the
details.
On Thursday evening the
Dean of Men again attended a
meeting of the hall, and announced the decision of the
FCSA to them.
At the time that the hall admitted responsibility for the violations of the college regulations regarding alcoholic beverages, some of the members
of the hall said that they were
aware that the probably penalty would be individual conduct
promotion for each member of
the hall, other members of the
hall said that they thought the
probably penalty would be social promotion for the hall
(which would involve the break
ing of the hall funds and pitch
bit the hall from liolcllng social
 
YOUNKERContlnued on Page I
 
charles and Black
GRINNIII. COLLIGI
Grlnn'll. Iowa
a weekly nlwgupol' published each snap of the col-
acne year by the Ilnneil Committee on Stu mt Publlcl-
( sons. Represented for national advertising bi National Ad-
smsluv Service, inc., College Publishers egrosenutlvo,
9 East 50m Slrwl. NGW York 12, N.Y. Sewn cia past-
Ago ppm or Griunell, Iowa. subscription rate .00 per
":55, school year. no: pale subscriptions.
EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER .-
MANAGING roman -n _.._.._,
con horror _.__ .... ..
NEWS sharon
m'runs: enlron -_ _......_............-...._
soon‘rs sources
Lynn center
... sam Mon-ms
Menu: Post
susan color
email. on“:
3, Ruth uni-uh
url av, will-n member
steve amy, newton Cl
u
Iron-rs I areas __........_._.,....
n m b umn. let final. run
As We See If .V . .
The married week-end of meetings and so-called “newsbreaks” has kept members of the charles and Black staff on
the run. Our first and last intention was to give our readers
a comprehensive view of what had occurred without dealing in
the extensive realm of edition or composition. Pressed by an
early publication date due to the holiday this week, we are at
this time unable to comment in full in any analysis of events,
' nor are we even sure that such commentary is necessary. We
feel that we have given the students and the administration a
fair representation in our news columns. We are now waiting
to see what might further develop. For the time being we will
stand as follows:
The Committee on Student Affairs after within its jurisdiction when lt dealt with the South counter case. Likewise,
members of student government after in good faith in their
attempts to achieve what they considered the suggest measure
of justice for the students involved in the penalty. We do not
at this time see any need for alarm concerning the administration’s possible foundation of student government powers. In
the event of a future crack-down on rule enforcement at the
college, we can- see the role of student government changing,
but we would not necessarily object to such a change. To those
students most directly involved, with due respect for their
honest concern with serving their follows to the best of their
ability, we would only issue a reminder that they are still
students, with an educational objective that does not include
running the college.
LD
The Staff of the charles and Black
Would Like to Wish All of You
A Happy Thanksgiving Day
>(—
X-
 
. The annual Thanksgiving dinner will he served tomorrow afternoon at lldo in the Quadrangle and movies Dining calls.
The menu is:
Apple juice, assisted register,
posted salad with assisted
greetings, coast turkey, corn-
bread staffing, gibson grave,
crarlhcrry~orange relief, salary
green beans, shipped and sweet
potatoes, created unions, natural bread, pumpkin or since‘
meat pie, and called nuts.
Guests are invited Io eat dinner with the students, The guest
price is two dollars.
ICARLET AND ILACK
To the Editor:
Do you suppose a money, exGrinnell rock (non - intellectual
type) would dare engage Paul
bring in an academic discounts regarding his November late charles
Fever article? l'm wondering if
such former Grinuell batteries as
car Smith, Dick richard, Kirk
VanRoyan, penny Asby, Bill persons, Bob sussex, etc. are of the
non-academic type athletes Paul
bring is talking about? it is hard
for me to believe that these individuals (and I can think of many
more) were the hon-intellectual
rock' variety when they arrived on
campus; possibly, during their ongoing 'stay at Grinnell, they became interventions?
Let us take the Championship
1960-61 basketball squad as an example, According to my personal
knowledge (1 did get to know most
of them personally) about to per
cent of them went on to acceptable
graduate schools. ls thisnonAacademic image? Could these Honor
G athletes be of the jockrimage
Coach powers and the School Bulletin support to monkey to the general public? Following Grinnell
football rather closely these past 4
5 years now, becoming acquainted
with most of the squad members as
I have, i would hazard a guess
that something less than l per cent
(and I believe you will find even
Carleton with the same percent«
age) of these squad members
might be classified in the ‘bring’
category of questionable, Honor 6,
image-type achieve. Possibly Paul
bring's definition of non-intellectual
lock is different than mine.
Regarding the geographical san-
oasis: in looking over a Carleton
1962-63 basketball program, find
over 75 per cent of their squad
from the states of Minnesota and
Illinois. Coach Young’s 1963 track
roster reveals 32 athletes listed, 11
states represented and 12 members
from the state of laws. Maybe
tracking area’t considered in the
lock category? Or has anyone seen
soul-rent Lawrence football roster
and noticed the people from the
state of Wisconsin? (Yes, I think
most academicians would consider
Lawrence in the same class with
Carleton and Grinnell). Living as
close to Northfieid, Minn. as l have
these past two years and being
somewhat alert to Midwest Conference athletic activities, i am more
acquainted with the Carleton athletic image and their recruiting
practices (i use the term closely).
Despite the fact that Grinnell has
a ‘Special interests‘ man in their
admissions office, lbelieve you will
find little or no difference in the
two schools approach to prospective high school students be it achieve or otherwise. By the way, be
sure and notice a rather talented,
range sophomore center on this
year’s Carleton basketball team;
he comes from (all places!) Crosby—clinton, Minnesota, and I assure you he was counted and
reached just like any 800 boardscore prospect. Wonder if we
should question Carleton (our
chief academic final) or whether
scholarship or admission was
granted on strictly academic
grounds?
Paul H. batteries '42
Minneapolis
 
) counter
Continued from Page 1
functions for a long period of
 
 
time).
The provisions for conduct
promotion, as stated in the Student Handbook are as follows:
"Conduct promotion is a recognition of general lack of cooperation in citizenship, or the
breaking of some specific rule.
The terms of this promotion are
defined in each case by the administrative ofﬁclass choosing
the promotion penalty.
“This promotion is a warning
that severe discipline will be
imposed if a student is again
reported for a similar lack of
cooperation or for violation of a
social rule of the college.”
In the case or South counter,
the provisions of the promotion
will be the following. A letter
accounting the promotion will
be sent to the student and his
parents, and will be placed in
the files of the student in the
Dean’s office. The members of
the hall who hold campus of—
files will be allowed to keep
them. The period of promotion
will continue until June 4, 1965,
at. which time the letter will he
removed from the files. The
promotion in no way affects a
student’s permanent record. it
does, however, mean that a
major violation of the rules of
the college during this time
would place him under consideration for suspension.
The Dean of Men explained
that this penalty was felt by the
committee to rest heavily on
”those who are accident
phone," and have little or no
effect on those students who
make it a cabin to obey the college rules anyway. He explained that the college has to
provide a determine for gross
violations, and that with this
action by the FCSA, "the word
is informally out that the college stands ready to discuss
students, if necessary, for
gross violations of its rules."
“There is no such thing as
hall responsibility in the abstract sense,” he said the committee decided. “It's always
people's violations," Ha further explained that this particular penalty was felt to be the
“only way of designation responsibility to the people there
rather than to the hall as a
theoretical concept. dining the
hall is not a good way to dis- ‘ ‘
charge the social responsibility.
Removing s o c i 31 privileges
worlds‘t fill the educational
purpose of a penalty."
Shakespeare’s Birth
There is no actual documentary evidence to support
April 23, 1564, as the date of
William Shakespeare’s birth,
but his baptist. however,
has been recorded as of April
 
26. 1564.
Wednesday. November 2! 19“
Letters to the Editor
Parents Reply lo bring on ‘Non-intellectual rock'
To the Editor:
As a parent of an achieve at
Grinnell, I feel completed to reply
to Mr. bring's column in the November 13 issue, attending the
Grinnell athletes. i am trying to
be restricted in my reply, hoping
that Mr. 'i‘ring was writing with
tongue-incheek, but I am respiratory afraid he was not. His ooo
umn carries the wistful hope that
Grinnell is somehow, in some may
new, comparable to Carleton, No
amount of hoping will change the
awful truth.
i am also a parent of a recent
Carleton graduate and achieve. The
second son, although welcomed to
Carleton because of responsible
College Board scores unfortunately
(in my opinion) chose Grinnell, He
received no scholarship, no aid, no
nothing. He is still receiving nothing. Nothing in educational conference and nothing in leadership
guidance or support either from
the administration or from his colleagues.
Mr. bring believes that Grinnell
would be improved by a larger percentage of iowa’s com-fed, 800 plus
College Board-students. Mr. bring
is wrong. Grinnell is suffering and
surrounding from its present 600
to 700 plus students from the great
com state. The school, the charles
and Black, the students and the
administration already have too
much com, Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Stanford and others seem to be
survivors with a fair supply of athletes from illinois.(as well as other
states) who, in addition to being
able to discipline themselves sufficiently to participate in athletics,
also have l.Q.'s comparable to the
best “hobbies” from Iowa.
If Grinnell has any future, and
after seeing it say for three years
i doubt if it has, it lies in those
students who meet its undeservedly
high academic standards and still
have time and desire enough to
want to have some physical conference and competition. Carleton
and the other good schools seem to
recognize this. Even the University
of Chicago, my aims water.
learned the same thing, the hard
way.
an state parent
(name mitchell on request)
KING'S
CHOCOLATES
specs
BRIDGE DECKS
wm. Matching
rally and
lean sum-
Pharmacy
40h Avenue
 
 
.cdnuday. November 13. If“
Government
Conﬁreed from Page I
e Indication of a new policy, but
other on one that existed.
He went on to clarity the purple of the FCSA, listing them as
allows: “1) to advise the President
.t policies, procedures, rules, and
-nalltles In the area of student
onduct and discipline; 2) to par-
' state in the process of changing
basic rules and penalties in the
tea of student conduct and discharge; 3) to consider and decide
uses within its preview and, under
ppropriate conditions, to review
ts decisions. In its function of adudiCiatlng Cases, the Committee
as duties specified in the legislalon of the Faculty (approved by
e President) establishing the
admitted," (see story on Coml intel with list of duties.)
Dean of Women Jean M. Slocum
ended that there was any attempt
n the part of the FCSA to users
talent government power. “The
edition of the committee Is a source to handle sticky problems
at are overburdening the streets,” she said on Monday. “It is
heated to help the college solve
e problems. I would hate to have
parents look at it as only one
king —— a substitute for student
amendment. It is not Created to
e a student court."
On request of the 5&3, Associate
Dean Walker made a statement of
is own opinions on certain waters, emphasizing that it did not
ecessarily reflect the belief of the
CSA. His statement followed
“I feel that some students may
ave the attitude that on occasion
epresentatives of the College
lake attempts to finder the de-
string could he further from the’
ruth. The business or a college
would be to provide the opportunity for students to advance ourselves dramatically, culturally, and
usually. The success of the colegc faculty and administration,can
fly be measured by its ability to
aka these attachments a reality
r its students. It is my belief that
e faculty and administration of
his College take a highly promotional interest in seems that our
events attack these o jcctivas,
ranges In the regulations of the
endemic program. or social pro»
. am certainly do not develop by
delicious action on the part of
he faculty or administration.
1 agree with the relitionshi oi
o e Committee on Student Af aids
. the functioning of the College
s is outlined in the legislation of
I e faculty which established this
written.
“I believe that the college should
GLASSES ‘
Made and impaired
, in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
E. J. lenses, OD.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
 
not levy monetary penalties on It:
students for violations of college
rules. This does not. pressure, however, the leading oi files by'the
SGA . . , 1 limit feel that It is
unreasonable for 6 College to assess students for rules violations h
a monetary penalty when thank legs is contributing financial aid to
many of these same students to
enable them to attend Grinneil. I
also feel that monetary lines do
not serve as a good determine
against future violations.
"I would hope that Grinnell
might succeed in teaching its students that to participate in unControlled, or vocational mass action is participation in the worst
type of consortium. I further
believe that when a person responsible for a breach of college
regulations is sought he should not
be able to hide behind the anonymous of a group or ‘hall', IrresponsibIe action by an individual is just
as irresponsible ii he does it with
a group oi 100 or ii he does it
alone. Thus, 1 believe that j
responsible action by an indian
url or a group oi individuals
should be met with penalties that
will peter future ' impossible actIon; i,c., each individual should
receive the penalty for his own
action.”
As a new week earned on cam
put, the various meetings continued, among them a meeting of
the FCSA to determine new developments in the South Younlrer
case. (members of the hall are appearing the penalty as such, asking
that only the guilty be finished,
rather than each member of the
hall.) The Committee has been approaches by the 5&3 with a series
of questions concerning its develop
ment and mechanics, but with the
early press date this week and the
heavy schedule of business for the
committee the story will be held
until a future date. Members of
the committee, headed by J non
karma (sociology) have been
‘ amenable to the 5&3 and express
complete cooperation in efforts to
answer questions that will make
their actions cleaner to the student body.
The final outcome of the weekend
talks was an apparent split among
SGA officials. At a joint AWSCoIHP meeting, the interpretations of Johnson and harrison of
their talks with administration officials was challenged by other Executive Cabinet members and by
various hall treatments.
Johnson and harrison, however,
continued to express "confusion
and appreciation" as to the position of student government under
what they assume as a new policy
among administration members.
On Tuesday morning they released
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Postoffice '
GRINNELL. IOWA
 
ECARLET AND BLACK
Psychology Prof on
Hughes Committee
rivers L. Thornton, associate
professor of psychology, has
been appointed to a citizens Ads
vlsory Committee on Mental
Health by nov. Harold E.
Hughes, according to an and
tournament made last week by
the Govenor.
Dr. Thornton ls permanent
executive secretary of the Iowa
Psychological Association and
has been active in mental
health work on both the state
and local level.
The committee will advise
Hughes and help coordinate the
efforts of the various groups
working to improve the overall
mental health program in
Iowa.
the following statement to the
Slim
"We have reported to the Student Senate and other interested
students the discussions we have
had with the Associate Dean of the
College and with the Dean of Men.
We have represented these views
as accurately as we can. Their attitudes on College dismplinary policy concern us deeply, and it put
into effect as described they will
basically change the nature of
campus life at. Grinnell.
“It should be carefully noted that
these gentleman may or may not
reflect future college policy or
the current opinion oi the Faculty
Committee on Student Affairs.
Their opinions are personal on
although they do Come from
potential members at the administration and the committee,
“We are at present very cons
based about the future disciplinary policy oi the college. All we
can do for the present is wait for
concrete action which can serve as
a defining indicator. rThis indian»
for might take the form of one of
the following: a final plan for the
North Campus head resident system. including their role In rule
enforcement; a definition of the relationship between the Faculty
Committee on Student Affairs and
the Student Courts; a set oi procedures and standards of evidence
to be used by the faculty Committee; whether or not the Committee qualified its decision on the
South counter case; and whether
or not the Committee overrules the
Primary Courts on two pending illegal limitation cases.
"Until at least one or these actions occur, or until the college
makes its position known in some
other WAY, we are left in I condition both confused and very apprehensive."
STOCK UP
on cookies
' from the
TASTY
PASTRY
SHOP
923 Broad
 
All
F .r
By Paul Trlgg
I have received numerous comments, both pro and con,
on my article of two weeks ago. As a result, I wish to explore
more thoroughl the two major areas of concern: “recruiting
of athletes to érussell and the "rock image” at Grinnell. I
attempt this hoping to put the problems in their proper felt
s active, and also hoping to make my personal feelings more
c ear. receiving this to be too much to angle in one smaller,
I will deal only with the “recruiting” aspect this week, and
save the “image” aspect until next week.
Grinnell computer dramatically In the Midwest different
(for you interventions who have turned to the wrong pages
which, dramatically speaking, is one of the finest athletic code
services in the country. There are no athletic scholarshi I
and no active recruiting is allowed. By “active recruiting’ i
mean that no school may contact a prospective student-achieve
until that school first years from the boy. This set of standards
has given the conference an integration of academics and athletics, and a level of competition which is envied by most, It
not all, other conferences in the country.
The above fact alone places Grlnnell among a select
group in the college recruiting circle. In addition to this,
we are one of the top schools dramatically in the conference,
Because of this, we are considered to be one of the “leaders‘
in the conference; we are, without standing write I hope. to
set an example. One, If not the most important, way of doing
this is by coming as close to the “ideal” set up by the conference rules and the bulletin as we can.
The above Information was assumed, apparently erroneously, to be common knowledge in my first article. In‘ that
article I was merely suggesting that perhaps we, as an institution, could more closely meet these standards in away
which would enhance our academic standing with Impairlng
our athletic performance.
In short, has one student been admitted to Grinnell who,
except for his athletic abilities, would not have been? Is there
one student who is being given more money on scholarship
than he series dramatically? Are athletics weights more
heavily than other activities on an application? Any attempt
at answering these questions milf into much controversy;
but if they can be answered in the informative, and I think
many students believe they can, then it seems to me that
perhaps this is an area in which Grinnell can improve herself
as a liberal arts institution.
 
This is a snow like!
You'll need them soon
COLLUM’S
l
‘17-
STAN DARD
‘l' SERVICE
has the blue! . . .
FREE DELIVERY
Celebrate
Thanksgiving
with u
PIZZA
From
DENO’S
OPEN THANKSGIVING DAY for santa: All Day long
FREE DELIVERY 6-6334
 
Page Four
’ SCARLET AND BLACK
 
"HlNolvonwano eco-uuvmvn
mu, one hopes, be 1mm awok-
....a 1mm tri- Plaiorilo. trim" that
one in. only to m.i<..Tmh full-
.ei. r u lmrnaffvc as law, in
I. mt nil-Am mm In . a.
man wu. much it» busty lo
knock you an m gmt air! dry“
you r. M III. is mm.
but (M‘push
man wall! m.
ma not Mr
will." g
unto-
ion-in i.
Senate Passes Food Fast for Dec. 3,
approved Admissions Study Proposal
By Wayne special
Wednesday. November 13, the
Grinneii Student Senate met and
unanimously adopted the proposal
of Dennis Murphy 0! East to form-
- ' plate positive suggestions for may-
. log
information about Grinneli
' ' College available to a greater cum-
‘ PASTRY
Re-opening
soon:
With the
hottest, sterling
best salaries
ln town
 
her of high school students and for
proceeding and improving admin
sign standards. Before the formal
vote Murphy told of his recent internet with Nicholas Ryan.
Mr. Ryan told Murphy that the
admissions office receives between
800 and 1,000 applicants 3 year and
thus accepts nearly one half of
those applying. in explaining the
administration’s accessibility to the
bill, Mr. Ryan noted that Grinnell
has no representatives on the West
Coast, and would like to receive
about three hundred more wellquaiiiied applicants per year from
all parts of the country. while necessarily maintaining the 54 out
of state-Iowa student ratio imposed
by the admissions office.
Also assured at the meeting was
Grinnell's participation in th e
NUSNAS»COF0 (Council of Free
dom Organization) Fast For Freedom program on December 3. Under this program students in col.
pages throughout the country value
family miss a meal, and the money
saved by their college categories
from food expenses for the meal is
contributed to a general fund to
buy dried and nonperishabie food‘
stuffs for Southern families made
incident due to participation in ci<
Vii rights activities. The materials
are shipped throughout the South
by the transfers Union.
fri amendment added to this proposal at the recommendation of
Jim Hei'log of Langan defects
Saga, in the event that enough
students participate in the program
to close one dining room, to pay its
non-students employees their regular' salaries if they so desire.
Steve Kent, Chairman of the
Course Evaluation and Finance
Committees saw the farmer‘s final
resolutions easily approved.
 
YWCA to Advise
The YWCA will attempt to
explain to all freshman girls—
and —- youngish upper-class
women also — some of the interracial of life in the Quad in a
program next week. Ladies, do
you wonder how to write a hu-
 
families paper; refuse, accept.
Freshmen on . . .
or just get a data — blind or
otherwise? Do you wonder
what to do when you go to the
movie with your roommate and
see him there with his compare? Come to Main Lounge
at 10:30 on Tuesday, December
1 for the answer to these and
other questions.
Wednesday. November 23. 1964
Uncle Sam’s Dinner ls Coming
When Uncle Sam’s Club holds
its annual Christmas dinner, le«
alternate youngsters and youthful upperclassmen will make
enough noise in Cowles dining
room to brown out the echo left
from the Bears Head dinner.
Tickets for this least will be on
sale for $1.50 during the noxi
week from hall representatives.
Each ticket buys a meal for one
child. The timer will begin at
5:30, and will be followed 1)
cartoons in ARH. REME »
BER -— Santa Olav-l is coming
to towns
 
 
AHRVANO'S
tell'l’ - (fill/IV - Illiﬂil'I/I
FRIED CHICKEN
Spec/ally ‘
prepared in our
ﬁenny®Penny
PHT dryer
Country fresh and specially selected flyer-s. prepared and
uasoned in our special spice mix. use tried to perception
in only 3 minutes in our revolutionary HENNY PENNY
PET dryer. Pressure sells in all III! ‘
”Mai iuim and sword, cum at
(vendors cross. country ﬂavorful cordless such as you may never have may“ 'h‘ tried chicken before. Try I;
e nudist you'll love it!
AHRVANO'S
In the lewludromo
FREE
IILIVEIV
 
DISCOUNT CENTER ,
CIGARETTES
CARTON — REG.
KING SI“ 5256
SKI JACKETS
16.95 Value
uz"
v.0. Hair Spray
1.50 Value
92‘ Plus hr
GOMMAND
Gift Set
(After share Gr frame)
2.00 Value
$151
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL !
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
9 min. tel? Prﬂl. Friday
9 run. to 8 sun. Mon., Tues.'
Wed-. 'l'liui's.I Sat.
STORE
HOURS!
TOWN
ASPIRlN
100 tablets
$252
SAVE vr
‘ 25% 2?: a in
on C
times Watches I I
Avoid the
Christmas Rush
Shop‘
[you/
PRELL
Cream
79: Value
48‘ Plus Tax
defendant
Tip Top
career department
1.57 Value
47‘
RONSON
Butane coaches
4.95 Value
5244
voltage
Toothpaste
75c value
41‘
1.00 Value
61c Plus Tax
BRECK
CREAM
RINSE
1.00 Value
55C Plus Tux
' SECRET Roll On
 
