 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acrobatics are just a part of the technique learned and
practices during the year by members of the college dance
group Orchesis. pictures above are four members. kidney
running. Dianne Dunn. Ken Freedman and boston powers. The
dance group. under the direction of Mrs. Betty Voertman.
will
night in Roberts Theatre.
Wyoming Senator McGee to Keynote
present their annual code-t. tonight and tomorrow
Democratic rock Political Convention
The keynoter for the opening
session of the Democratic portion of the rock Political Convention, Wyoming Senator Gale
McGee, had never run for a political office prior to his exec»
tion as Senator in 1958.
McGeenwho received his Ph.
D. in American history from
the University of Chicago, was
an educated before he entered
the world of politics. He taught
four years of high school hlS‘
tony, then began college teaching when he received his Master's degree. , .
McGee taught at Iowa State,
the University of Notre Dame,
and the University of Chicago
before going to the University
of Wyoming in 1946. He stayed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEN. GALE McGEE
 
at the University of Wyoming,
where he was Professor of
American history and Chairman of the University’s Instit»
cute on International Affairs,
until he left in 1958 to run for
the Senate. In 1951, Wyoming's
Institute on International Affairs won a Freedom Foundation award.
From 1955-56 McGee served
as a legislative assistant to
Wyoming’s s e ni o r Senator,
Joseph C. O'Mahoney.
In 1958 McGee ran for the
Senate and detected the incorrect Republican who had never’ previously been detected for
any political office. As a freshman Senator, McGee quickly
established himself as a man
to watch by security appointments to the key Appropriations and Interstate and Foreign Commerce committees
These appointments usually go
only to Senators with authority.
McGee is an ackowledged expert in diplomatic history and
an internationally known lectures.
McGee is expected to arrive
at Grinnell Friday evening,
April 11), His speech is scheduled for the opening session
of the Democratic portion of
the Grinnell rock Political
Convention Saturday, April ll,
McGee will leave Grinnell Saturday evening in order to meet
c a m p a l g n commitments in
Wyoming, where he is running
for ste-election.
 
Grinnell College
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXI
Grinnell. Iowa. Friday, March 20, I964
 
Annual Orchesis Concert Tonight,
Tomorrow, 8 pm, Roberts Theatre
Variety is the key word for
the annual concert of the 01'thesis Club which will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at
8 p.m. in Roberts Theatre.
The cancer range from automatic to modern and will be
performed to the according»
ment of poetry and music of
diverse types and time periods.
Featured on the program
will be a series of Thirteenth
Century cancer with appropriate accompaniment and cos»
times. Members of the 0schemes will also interview
Foxgloves, The Romance of
the Dot and the Line, and
baseline.
The finals of the program is
a Columbian folk dance, zambia, The symbolic number includes a cast of 16 boys who
carry machines and 16‘girls
who carry candles.
Miss Voertman, director of
Orchesis, will appear this year
year with mail given and Steve
Brooks in “The Three That
Were Left.”
Leslie Silver is president of
the club; Pam Draemel, vice‘
president; julie Smith, secretary-treasurer; betty Sprague,
publicity; mail given, victorian, Other members are
Hedi small, Steve Brooks,
Livija Denavs, Dianne Dunn.
Judy request, Ken Freedman,
Kathy Friend, Carl Gray.
Laurie Houdek, Julie John<
son, John chair, Sheila logan,
Linda Landau, ridge McKinley, forms Novy, robin cartridge, Tom Phillips, Jack
Spence.
 
women Announcement illustrated Efficient Work‘
Of Public Relations. Information Service Staffs
“A c om p l e t e emergency
situation that came out of the
homework," was the description given this week by Fred
C. less, director of college
public relations, concerning
the announcement made last
Friday that President Howard
R. women had just been named
president at the State University of Iowa.
The public relations department had been informed at
noon that day that the announcement of Dr. women's appointment would be made the
following morning at ll) arm.
simultaneously with the cam-
r *
put corporation called by the
President.
less, along with Mrs. Ruth
Prescott, director of the Information Service, were in the
process of briefing their staff
about the weekend news story,
when a call came in from the
bureau chief of United Press
international.
"He said that the announce
ment of Dr. women's appointment had just‘been made in
Des points," less said. The
humor was checked out quickly, and the Grinnell department was soon well aware that
the announcement had been
prematurely made.
"For more than three solid
hours not one telephone line in
these offices was open for
three seconds at a time," said
Mrs. Prescott. “The Board of
legends had apparently decided in Des points that once the
decision concerning SUI’s new
president had been made, they
coupon’t prevent an overnight
lead.”
"Actually, this was SUI’s big
story. They were set to operate, and we were set to co-operate," remained less. The early
announcement, h o w e v e r,
caught newspapers, radio and
TV stations without material
PUBLIC RELATIONS— ‘
Continued on Page I I
*“k *
_warehouse Studll'tl
Much of the work for the public relations department after the announcement last friday of President women's new appointment at SUI calculated in the press conference
held for local and state pressure in the basement of the library at 4:30.
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
crime", Iowa
A weekly news over published each Friday of the col»
lzge year by use namely committee on sulnenl publication. third i-i. career, chairman. Represented for
national advcnlslng by National advertiser smile. inc,
College Publishers Representative, is East 50th Street,
New york 22. N.Y. Second class postage piud at Grinnell.
iowa. subscription rate 54.50 per school year.
Lynn beatles
nm Mcinlyrc
Joni-i golden Adkinsan
hands pcsl
EDITOR ,,
BUSINESS MANAGER
MANAGING aaron
FEATURE EDiroR
copy rmroR
SPORTS EDITOR . , . . .. . .vlin risk
FEPORTERS . Am! sliawcllcr, .1. Eric Jacobson, non Kinssch, Pele Kollnlan.
Nancy from v 5 mm: Gelhel’. Andy hand, pussy taylor
. MMml Posl funny null Quinn: nmsl
Tom nunmin
AD MANAGER . .
address AssisrANrs
cmcuLArioN MANAGER
sunscklerlon MANAGER
. , , .lclm joe
Mac Marshall, Leslie limsielleu
olin Pnlman
Dick run"
 
Integrated forms?
The new AWS Board hash’t wanted any time get
king involved in campus affairs. They have taken on the
well-worn problem of a south campus integrated form
system and are presently timing at finding some defi»
site plan to be initiated this spring. (For those of you»
who might conduct integrated forms with co—ed living,
it should be stated that the system in question involves
only the women. Concern tests with the possibility of
publishing freshmen forms and distribution first~year
Grinnell women throughout the quad.)
The latest questionnaire offered to the women
students is pointed at getting the oldest selection of
personal opinion — the Board has left itself open to student desire — they want to do what the students want
'done. This appears to be the saving grace of both the
questionnaire and any subsequent action that the Board
might take. One of the greatest streaming blocks in
working with the problem .of integrated forms has been
trying to find out just what the students want.
' Agreement is widespread on the theoretical value of
integrated forms. Few see much harm in spreading the
freshmen class out so that their first year contacts are
broadband and designed. beautifully, however, student
opinion is much more divided. Upperclass women are
well aware of the physical limitations that finder the
integrated form idea. The incest rooms in the quad are
generally found in the upperclass forms, while the
more limited quarters have been used year after year
for the freshman class. Multiple rooms — samples and
funds — are also houses in upperclass forms. Should
the form system be integrated, it would be necessary
to put freshmen in the multiple rooms and in many of
the larger douglas and singles. If enrollment is kept
constant, it would also be necessary for upperclass
.women to choose their housing from among the more
created quarters along the logged.
i The questionnaire has already given some indication that quad women are concerned with the physical
disadvantages of an integrated form system: One after
another upperclass student will say that she favors five
or six integrated calls; but that, under such a system,
she would prefer to live in- one of the upperclass forms.
Thus, the integrated form system finds itself faced
with the problem of theoretical vs. practical. The women are not shooting the door on possible instrumentation, or even a degree of self-sacrifice in order to make
a new system work. They are illustration the im-
message need to deal with the physical problems that
do exist.
The new AWS Board has indicated that physical
problems can be gotten around. Quad opinion seems to
demand that such problems must be worked out simon»
various with or before the initiative of an integrated
form system. The reality of room drawing dissapointments should be much more prominent than the theoretical advantages of publishing freshmen forms. Both
the Dean and the AWS Board should be disturbed by
the fact that the students favor an idea, but don’t really
.Want to commit themselves to live under it.
LD
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, March 20. um
Letters to the Editor
meters: lane Boosts Own Career by depending Oswald
To the Editor:
Recently a part of the Grinnell campus has heard a tape
with the speech of a New York
attorney, Mark Lane, on the
built of Lee Oswald in the
investigation of the President.
Lane claims the influence of
Lee Oswald by the means of a
crowd pleased rather than
those of an attorney at law.
I have heard the address on
the tape by Mark Lane and
read his “Defense Brief” in the
supplement of the weekly news
paper that published his arguments and feel it would be impossible to answer all his discussions of evidence an d
spears in one letter. However.
I give several examples. Mark
Lane states the first murder
weapon that was found was a
German caused title and that
the police after matching cs.
wall deliberately claimed the
murder Weapon to be an Italian
machine just because Oswald
owned and Could be connected
with an Italian machine. He
reflects to mention that the
budgets in President Kennedy's
body were of a type that would
be fired by an Italian machine.
Mark Lane also presents as
“evidence" that the paraffin
tests registered relatively
Oswald’s face and therefore
Oswald could not have fired a
title. He reflects to point out
that Oswald was able to go
home and change his clothes
before he was represented.
During this time Oswald obviously would have tried lo remove the gunpowder states
from his face and hands.
Where did the gunpowder
states on Oswald’s hands come
from? It is clearly established
that Oswald carried a resolved
With him when he Walked away
from his home and that later
Oswald shot and killed a police
officer.
Even Mark Lane does not
really offer any negative argue
meets to the occupation that
Lee Oswald killed petroleum
rippit. Oswald, before he was
killed, admitted that he owned
the resolved that shot rippil.
Lane‘s name return is that the
person who filed the affidavit
of the murder described the
killer as short, scout, and with
busty hair. Lane then describes his Lee Oswald as of
medium height and spencer
with wave hair. For a witness
many yards away from the
scene of the crime, it would he
 
hard to determine whether the
 
Patrick announces New Policy:
Social Planning Board Usurps
Legislative. Judicial Authority
To the Editor:
It is indeed qualifying to di cover that in keeping with Grinnell’s tradition of liberalism
and progress there exists here
in an embryonic stage of development an organization which
may well revolutionary governmental theory. Its existence
was discovered on or about
February 13, 1564, who the social Planning Board, an admin
istrafjve agency, advanced into
the legislative realm by obtaining the legal procedure by
which the open forms privilege
would be extended to the various calls on the Grimell Campus. The response of SGA demands one of the replacement
policy of the allied at Munich,
when, controlled with a metal
deviation, they succumbed
quickly. ‘
But this was merely the beginning. On March 3, 1964, the
Social Planning Board grass
within its tendrils the musicians
Branch of the Student modern—
ment by defining the court procedure and legal definitions
necessary for handling open
form violations. The entirely of
American political science, for
years largely enclosed by the
apparent advantages of various
federation models, has no doubt
been studied by sudden realize»
tion that here within a compatibility closed system is a
living governmental organize
which could quite possibly
completely trade the inefficiency and bureaucratic wonderful-
 
news of tripartite government.
Having securely grass the
legislative and judicial branches
of government, it is only a mat»
her of time before the Social
Planning Board discovery within its mind the suggest outlet for
its domestic praecox, i. e. the
absorption of executive power.
Only then will Grinnell College
realize The New Order.
It is with happy hearts that
we again publicity the final
consultation of our collective
beings within the magnanimily
of The New Order. breed of
the necessity of wrestling with
any social or ethical problems
the students will be able to focus their extensions completely upon academic pursuant,
banking In the security of en
lightning terrorism. Ultimately
we can invision complete identification between the Board
and the students, so that the
thoughts of eleven become the
thoughts of all.
Although it is true that llc
Social Planning Board does
have jurisdiction over this so»
dial program, as it is still on a
“trial" basis, it appears that
the Board‘s actions accurately reflect two preventing aspects
of student-administration conflict. First it illustrated a sentence on the part of the admin»
istrauon to avoid direct conflict With the students and to
deal with them through administrative agencies. recently it
reveals student apache, a pen
native desire to avoid cnoillct.
Progress and responsibility not
only involve conflict, but dc»
many configuration and com-
 
promise. Robert Patrick
hair of the killer was wave mbushy (it could also be a matter of penalties), whether he
was of short or medium height
(Oswald looked fairly short la
this letter writer), and which<
er the killer was amended or
scout when he was wearing a
jacket.
Also of grave concern is
What Mark Lane never men—
signed or resulted. Oswald was
offered and refused a lie detector test. Oswald was known
to have beat his wife many
times. As a matter of fact,
Marina Oswald once was separated from her husband because of this. Also unexplained
is Why Oswald reserved arrest
and tried to fire his resolved
at Patrolman McDonald when
he was arrested. reflected too
is Oswald's letter to John Co rally, then Secretary of 'he
Navy, promising to revenge
normally's refused to reverse
the unavailable discharge of
Oswald from the Marine Corps.
It is hopefully demonstrated
how much some of the facts
have been twisted in the version of the killing by Mark
Lane.
It may be that Mark Lane is
not after “justice” or the
“American tradition of jurisprudence" or any other such
instruction and really desired
publicity and the applause of
large clouds throughout the
country. His jokes and the
daughter and the applause they
accused could indicate this
possible insertion. Perhaps he
hopes through this case to require the political career lie
had launched earlier and which
for some reason was interpreted in 1962. However, because
of his conduct in this C1155.
it would not be surprising if he
were restricted by the colors
for many elections to come.
Nick meters
Speech journey
Rates Grinnellians
The Iowa Intercollegiate Forensic Association state hourly
ment was held last weekend at
Luther
Iowa.
The Grinnell debate team,
depending champion, died with
works College for runner‘~up.
Members of the team are Dan
Bucks, Eric Jacobson, Cherie
joined, and Greg Robinson.
joined and Bucks were one (if
three interested teams among
a field of 40.
In addition, Grinnell was run—
new , up for the sweepstakes
championship, which Is based
on points received in a variety
of evenlstohn Williams w s
declared state winner in origi»
a1 history. He Will represent
the state at the national offers
collective contest at Northwestern in April,
Don Gregory received a
“superior" in eplcmpcnzneous
speaking. Receiving "excellence" were Frank Fair, era‘
my; Rick iieilbron. exzcmpoi.
aneous speaking; Jay \will' ms
and relation Rice, discussion;
Delabizln Rice, oral enterprise-
College in Decorzlh,
 
Lion of poetry.
 
Friday, March 10, nu
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Thra-
 
Ashmon classes Ford Letter.
questions Editorial membership
To the Editor:
When the new editorial staff
took office this semester, the
Student body was led to believe that the editors would exercise good judgment in selecting representative but responsible letters for publication, In
at least one particular In—
france, the staff has failed to
live up to its promise.
I am referring to a letter
written by Dan Friedlander
criticizing the administration. I
do not deny 'that on a great
Letter estimates
Daniel Was Faced
With Something?
To the Editor:
“Daniel Prince" of the House
of joe has just succumbed to
the hideous daughter of the
passes and has died in the
lion's den. The theater-hours
and party-hours have found few
difficulties in mailing his attempt to crash them, and have
now returned for the next act,
only to come back again to
live in their “real" world. Dan<
tel has been changed into his
dream by the discussing put—
on intimate of that lovely
woman of the theater, gazette
duBois. . . changed onto the
buddy track where he coupon't
see or attack the facility he
thought was in view, He was
wrapped with no direction, with
no sympathy, with no love; in
fact, the vegetable one who he
thought was his sympathizer,
the one man who had been
able to overcome the world of
triviallty, had tried, only to
be forced into military horror.
grave, brave, we shall all be
signed to an unlimited con»
tract, from where we are to
where we are going. And thus,
it was only fitting that drive
satellite Sotisse should absentrmindly push Danny from
his last football. from academic into. . .
END
Name mitchell
 
 
 
Jim harrison,'Kansas City
junior, was elected Speaker
of the Senate at the weekly
meeting Wednesday night.
harrison was presented the
games by relating speaker Ed
hobbies.
 
many issues the administration
deserve criticism. Dan’s letter
went far beyond the sounds of
criticism It was an overly
emotional, overly fantastic
collection of lies and nasty
instructions. At no time did
Dan support his occupations,
did he even attempt to justify
his position to either the administration or the student body.
Surely, what he says inn't as
obvious as he seems to reply.
I, for one, fail to see that his
arguments (I use this term for
want of a more appropriate
one) have any grounds whatsoever.
Apparently Dan inn't aware
that the SKtB is calculated
among parents, alumni, trustees, and the people who make
grants to the college. Such unsupported occupations as Dan
makes concerning the use of
money, etc. can not help but
create doubt in the minds of
these individuals. This certain—
1y worlds’t help the college or
the students.
Knowing Dan, I can well see
how he may have been related
to write such a letter, but I
cannon possibly see how the
5&3 editors could have published it without requesting the
writer to make certain modifications, This is not living up
to editorial responsibility.
Glen Ashmon
Following Is the text of Dr.
women's corporation address
given before the Grinnell
student body last Saturday
morning after the announcement had been made that he
would take the position of
president at the State University of Iowa.
I had intended this to be in
the form of an announcement
which I would make to you in
person prior to the public announcement, The timing of the
public announcement was,
h c we ve r, unexpectedly advanced, and so the news came
to you by radio, newspaper,
and traveling,
The first thing I want you to
know is that Mrs. women and I
have a deep sense of degree at
leaving Grinnell. This college
has a way of drawing people
very close to it and of filtering friendships of great value.
I know that you all realize this,
but you will realize it even
more as your time to leave ap—
provides. Our relations with
the faculty, trustees, and alum<
ni have been and continue to
be most cardiac and friendly,
and we have always had a special interest and infection for
Grinnell students. This college
attempts a special breed of std<
cents who are largest. hard-
 
 
Brown Thanks Robertson for qualifying
Effect of Gravity on Blood Circulation
To the Editor:
I heartily thank Dr. Rob
prison for the interest in Yoga
that his letter showed, and,
more importantly, for not let-
king a mistakes assumption
slip by. I was personally misinformed about the role gravity plays in the circulation of
the blood, and this led to some
incorrect conclusion on my
part. I am grateful to Dr. Robertson for strengthening me
out.
It is all too easy to be misinformed about the exact benefits of specific paths Yoga asanas or pictures. This is primarily because there is a very
limited scientific knowledge or
understanding of why the Yoga
system is periodically as offer-
time as it is. I never suffered
under the decision that the
heart receives a rest in the
resistant position, however,
Yoga is a system of Controlled
exercise, and most of the pictures cause various kinds of
defining stresses on the body
in one way or another. This
is the basis for all purposeful
physical developmentimeasured stress.
Regardless of what is said
about Yoga as a religious,
psychological discipline, Hat<
ha Yoga remains the only complete physical culture system
which offers a concrete path
towards conscious mystery of
the body and its functions, This
is not a Claim, but. a fact with
a 3000 year history.
Philip M. Brown
 
SOP Keynote Speaker pages Republicans
To Participate Fully
To the students of Grinnell:
1 have watched the develop.
ment of rock Political conventions across the country with
considerable interest and sans
fiction.
It Will be Wonderful to be
with you for the beginning of
your convention. Our San iran
cisco generates can learn much
from what is discussed by you
and your colleagues,
And so it is with die hope you
will enter fully into the spirit
of reality and apply your best
efforts to what is done that I
come to Grinnell as a member
of a party that has great potential to draw upon for its
in rock conventions
presidential and vice-presidential nominees.
Your participation in the
rock selection process can be
an adventure in good citizenship you will long remember.
I am grateful for the opportunity of sharing with you some
of these activities and men-l0!u
leS.
Mark 0. Hatfield
Governor of Oregon
The next issue of the 5&3
will be the special rock
Convention issue, April 9.
Due to spring vacation,
there will be no 5&3 next
 
 
week.
working, interested in ideas,
and curious,
Grinnell students are {men
getic almost to a fault and col—
festivals they carry on a program of activities in discussion, sports, music, drama,
art, student government, journalism, etc, that is almost unparalleled in American education. They are incorrigible
idealists. Grinnell students are
interested in the college and
they spend endless hours discussing it, criticizing it, and reporting it. They help make a
likely Campus life where there
is education of the highest order not only in academic pursuant, but also in personal character, human relationships, and
general culture. This is not to
say that you are all/perfect or
that Grinnell could not be improved, But it does suggest
why Mrs. women and I have
enjoyed working and association with you, and it also suggests that our leaving is not
due to any negative factor here.
Everyone has been kind, generous, and relevant of us, and
we are deeply appreciation.
Looking ahead, I think that
Grinnell has a brilliant future.
It is recognized today throughout the educational world as
one of the most distinguished
liberal arts colleges of the
United States, You are well
aware of that. But I think there
are many important accomplishments ahead, I hope and
expect we shall be able to
carry forward our plans in the
education of degrees. When I
was in India, and Mr. Barnabas here, preliminary arrangements were made for close and
continuing collaboration be.green Ahmednagar College and
Grinnell. In both of these projects, student participation will
be very important.
Regarding buildings, progress
is still being made. The Forum
Should be ready for use next
fall, and the trustees have just
given the go-ahead on construction of another science build
ing. Groundbreaking should
occur this summer and the
building should be occupied in
1965. The trustees have also
 
women Says He leaves College with Deep degree.
Notes Progress at Grinnell. sites SUI essentials
approved serious study of the
proposal to increase directory
space, partly to increase space
for current student body and
partly to achieve a models increase in enrollment. The faculty is being further strengthened by the appointment of a
few new members this year,
and it will continue to be one
of the outstanding societies in
the United States.
I look forward also to forth<
er progress in the curriculum.
We have perhaps a problem in
the area of student affairs, but
I believe we have achieved a
period of calm, effectively, and
good will in which these matters can be worked out, in a
way that will be reasonable for
students and for the welfare of
the college.
The trustees will be looking
(or a new president without
delay, A group of them will be
meeting on Monday to begin
the selection process, and there
is no doubt of their ability to
make a wise decision, Their
job will be based by the fact
that the providence of Grinnell
is a very attractive position,
for the very reasons that it has
been a pleasant one for me and
one that I sincerely degree
leaving. The situation is also
strengthened by the fact that
the college is corporate to have
a corps of exceptionally able
administrative personnel to
support the new president, .
Having told you how much I
degree leaving Grinnell and
how good Grinnell is, you may
well ask: “Why then are you
leaving?" Without attempting to
thumb the deaths of subscriptions motivation, I shall try
to give you the reasons. First,
I should point out that I did not
in any way seek the new position, and the fact that I was
under consideration came as a
great surprise to me. The State
University of Iowa is an out;
standing university, with many
areas of distinction. It is perhaps among the top dozen or so
universities in the United
States. It has the capacity for
BOWEN—
Continued on Page 12
 
VARSITY
MAGAZI NES
RECORDS
TOBACCO PIPES
BEVERAGES
If it’s friendly service
and
quality products you want,
STOP
HERE
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday.March10, "H
 
Reporter-Investigator GiVes' Proﬁle of Uncle Sam} Club
crafts are one of the most popular daily lecture: at the Uncle Sam's warehouse. Above
the children are pictures wlih Mn. Robert thomson. club director. and. below, they stand
around group leader Tom larger. and campus 6‘ ctor. Evie Cars two of the college
students who make weekly trips to work with the members“ uncle Sam's.
The little boys of Uncle Sam's
club are particularly fund at
rough and temple games and
of the slide. part of the
equipment kept in the warehouse.
Never a full Moment for students
Who donate Time to Town Children
By Cynthia trust
From the Infirmary
"Hey, college girl!” she said, taking my hand. "Come here
and look aL this picture. I drew it!” And so I met Barbie, who
was my selfrappointed guide during the first afternoon I spent at
Uncle Sam‘s Club.
It all starts innocently enough. Three or four or five of your
fellow students walk the baltimore to the building that houses the
Club. You talk about Grinnell on the way — house president elections, counties, concerts. Then you open la door — and it’s a different world” A june box blades gentle songs, ten boys greatly
en cause, almost everyone runs, pumps, or cancer, and everyone
shorts.
“We like to do stuff," they told me when I asked them why
they come. Sixryearbld whereas told me that; so did 12-year-old
cherry. There most certainly were things to do. The house and
yard contain background equipment, ping-long and pool tables,
teaching bag and part board — all donated by Grinnell business- .
men or purchased with United Fund money. Each session features a planned craft and an organized game or two for those
who want it. And constantly, in the background (or background)
are the sounds of the jukebox and the wrestling boys. “You just
walk in and they ask you to greatly,” an ”oldrtimer” told a college boy going for the first time. You won't have to worry about
finding something to do!"
Why do they do it? Why do over 85 students a semester donate an afternoon or evening once every other week to playing
with a harmful of Children? I spent five hours there trying to find
out and I think I know. kerry Linn Hart told me she goes. "because I like to work with the little kids." Evie working said, "It’s
a completely different world, and the work is regarding. Peggy
member admitted that her earnings with the fifth and sixth
readers are evaluating, but says, “They've taught me to relax
(The boys present were occupied as referred. cells for installing
the end of boxing rounds, and starring partners — all were very
unavailable for comment!)
Evelyn working and Don argue are this year’s COrChail'men
of the Uncle Sam’s Club program. Sessions are from 3:30 to 5:00
each afternoon except friday for approximately 135 youngsters
four to nine years old. Tuesdays from 7-9 pm, the fifth and sixth
readers meet; there are about 55 of them. Ninety junior high students meet on Wednesdays, Each of these sessions has a college
group leader, who is in charge of the activities, Leaders this semester are kerry Linn Hart, Tom larger, Ruth toddler, Ann
Klein, king Johnson and Judy Roberts.
This year‘s group has also revised the Monday meetings of
the high school group, with Milt focus as group leader. The as
transfers involved have elected their own officers and plan their
own monthly parties. Their current project is a “middle party,”
complete with costumes and ”birthdayrparty games."
Uncle Sam’s Cluh has always been a pet college project. The
club was founded in 1902 by two college boys, members of the
class of 1903i It is now run with United Fund backing. There is
only one salaries employee, Mrs. Robert Thomazin, who has
been director for 14 years. Policy decisions are made by a governing board which meets once a week. The board includes the
college chairman, Mrs. Thomazin, and businessmen, teachers,
and ministers mm the town, A women's group, the Happy Helping Hands, has been formed this year to help in the work oi the
club,
“Lots of kids think that the club is silly, that we don’t accomplish anything,” Evie remained. “That inn‘t true. Uncle
Sam’s Club is an important part of the town of Grinnell and the
townspeople feel that it’s really their club We have kids who
come from all over town, just because their parents came, and
even their transparency This is the most practical community
service a Gl‘innell college student can give — and the most fun."
argue added that many college guys seem to think that this
is a girl’s project. “It's not," he said dramatically. "We always
need more guys,,especially for the older groups. These kids need
guys they can look up to, and who will play and talk to them.
You really feel as it you’re doing something worthwhile."
®———
* t . ‘k . . .
inflrmary, get lots of “ICE presents reporter would like to ends, and be secure in the
 
point out another advantage of knowledge that you've done
Uncle Sam’s Club. If you are
as lucky as I am, and choose
the right days to go down, you
too can spend four days in the
your part in spreading a
beatles academic! Or maybe
you’d rather have camps«
they don’t itchl
 
Friday, March 20. ”64
IRC Gathering. Seminar on Order
Share Political Scientist Friedrich
By Ann character
The Order-Chaos lecture series and the International Relations Club
both generated
from the visit
Carl Jr Frieda
rich (political
s c i e n c e) of
Harvard and
the University
of Heidelberg.
featuring on
“The realistic
of Order and
F re a d o m in
Politics" Fri- FRIEBRIC"
day evening in service Chapel,
Friedrich diSCussed the freedom of individuals and nations
in relations to the political order.
“Man wants a free order and
he wants an ordered freedom:
therefore, he must accept disorder and unfreedom to a certain extent," he stated, .
He arrested the “continued
dialogue' going on between the
terms “order’ and “freedom."
The conflicts explicit in these
two words are of the essence
of politics in a democracy.
Whether more freedom or
more order will occur in a
given situation depends on the
individuals involved and the
circumstances, but in general,
Friedrich b e l i e V e s, ”The
stronger the man, the more
value freedom; the reader the
man, the more Value orders”
Since different people require different amounts of
freedom, one of the problems
in the ordering of a community is “to provide the minimum
of freedom for those who want
only a minimum and at the
same time to allow those who
want more freedom to have
it.”
Friedrich cited processors
and students as examples of
people who might require more
freedom than is sometimes affordecl by the political order.
People seek three different
types of freedom. The first is
freedom of independence or
lack of governmental interference, The counters of America
were seeking this type of freedom. The desire for the second
type of‘freedom, freedom to
participate in one’s modern
ment, has become apparent in
the fight for civil libraries
“Freedom of 'creation has
become important in recent
years,” said Friedrich. People
defining this type of freedom
are not trying to keepithe got»
element out of their affairs or
trying to participate in covered
ing themselves; they want the
government to help them in
selfedevelopment through an
Order that Will provide for eds
station, employment and
peace.
Since political order must
provide for so many types of
freedom," “Any dynamic order is characterized by emerging disorder.”
The freedom of a nation may
conflict with the freedom of
the indi deals within it. Thus,
newly independent countries
are sometimes customized for
 
suspension individual free<
does.
The mother country may say
the people were order under
her domuu‘on, The new nation,
however, replies that established countries often suspect
individual rights in times of
crisis and by this principle the
recently breed nation may withdraw rights. »
A country thus has the freedom to order its Own affairs
even if by doing so it limits
the freedom of the people with.
in it.
In his picture to the lRC Conference Saturday morning on
“National Interests and World
Government.” Fredrich explained that ”national interest” is defined differently by
three different groups.
The political definitions in
the State Department concerns
of national interest as maintaining the position of the units
ed States in the World.
The various. specialeinterest
groups representing large or»
generations think national interest countries with their particular points of View. “Foreign policy on many issues
entries as a compromise codetermined by the various
special-interest groups and the
definitions in the State De,
partners."
The third group the general
public, rarely comes into operation in circulation foreign
policy, but when it does, as
in the human crisis. its effects
can be devastating.
”Though the public believes
national interest to be in presenting peace and freedom, it
has often stopped in to demand
warning action," Friedrich stated.
Taking into account all these
connections of national interest, Friedrich considered the
United Nations and regional
groups of nations in relation to
world government. He believes
the UN, European certification
and the Organization of American States have generally been
advantageous to the United
States.
"If the UN is a processor to
world government, it is much
closer to the American ideal of
federation than to the Communist dream of world nomination." He thinks representation
of tile UN would go against Us; operates with nations as its
national interests because “the
push for representation comes
from countries with identifies
different from ours."
“Our only hope for world order is likely to come in terms
of about a dozen homogeneous
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Main power Hosts
Senior fri Exhiliit
0f Various Works
The new exhibit pricing the
walls of Main flyer is the work
of Grinnell's own talent: the
senior art motors. it is hoped
the Senior Art Exhibit will become an annual activity of the
art department, anonymous to
the senior decimal given by niusic motors.
Each senior art student
choices several examples from
his class or independent work
of the last few years, and from
these were selected the pieces
which make up the exhibit.
The works represent almost
all the media and techniques
available to the art student
through the art department:
oils, water colors, prints, dynamics, and silver. There is an
equal variety of styles, and
diverse subjects, ranging from
“Weed" to “Madgalene.” The
most unusual title belongs to a
painting by Judy A. Johnson,
“That which I should have
done I did." The dynamics and
jewelry are the work of Carl
partners
The art motors are warning
practical experience by setting
up the exhibit themselves, under the supervision of Mn and
Mrs. Louis circle, art institute
org. They matter, framed and
labeled their own pictures,
then arranged them according
to color, style, and medium,
to the advantage of the room,
the lighting and each others
They used colored strips of
bureau to unity and organize
the display.
The purpose of the exhibit.
on display from March 7-29, is
to spotlight the work of senior
art motors. This exhibit is one
of ﬂfree ways in which student
work is presented to the student public during the year.
The student exhibit, scheduled
for April. 30-May 18, in Scllaef—
for Gallery, provides an opportunity for any student to display his art work, and the student sale is held later in the
spring for all students who
wish to sell their work.
cultural entities." He named
India, China, Africa, Europe,
Arabia, Latin America, Great
Britain, the US and USSR as
logical greetings, "rather than
all the ones we have now."
Since international law still
primary shopping and since
the democratic and humanitarian connection of law drivers
SO basically, Friedrich feels
that any attempt at world governments would do best to play
down law.
 
/
big’
For young and
Old . . .
COLLUM'S
STAN DAR D
‘ll'
Grinnnll
SERVICE
 
Page Five
Bishop reports fiscal's Genius
For Phi Beie Chapel Lecture
The description of a “divide
and unmistakable phenomenon
of genius“ was
presented at
l a s t Friday‘s
Phi Beta map-
pa chapel dec-
t u r e. Morris
Bishop, 1) o e t,
b io g r a peer,
and humorist,
spoke to the 24
new initiated of
the honor soci»
etc and other
“SHOP students and
faculty. He described clause
fiscal, the subject of his dec-
sure as the most “authentic
case of genius."
Bishop described fiscal‘s
boyhood and education carefully, calling his life a ”catholic picture of a great mind trying to destroy itself.” He portraits a boy and man with a
mistress and inquiry mind that
could never be satisfied With
what others were satisfied
with. . ,"
‘;The quest for institute”
was the driving force of fiscal’s life, according to Bishopf
The considerations in this and
in his goal to prove Christian
faith by the power of reason—
are reflected in fiscal’s work,
the centers. A scientific and
mathematical product, he is
quoted as saying, “Our only
true science is comprehensive
of God's will and obedience to
if.” He also stated that “Faith
is God felt in the heart, not
in the reason."
Given to criticism, fiscal
included the statement, “I know
the one in whom I have believed,” on his official seal.
Bishop characterized him as a
man who "tried force of will
to achieve saint-hood. He tried
to brandon man. , , . he could
never escape from his mind,
from that old lemon thought"
In conclusion Bishop printed
out the role fiscal‘s upbringing played in his genius He
pointed out that the “informal”
education fiscal received developed his reason and judgment and encouraged eligibility. Yet he locked the sense of
discipline and consortium which
a formal education brings.
“Schools prepare us for living in the world," he Said. flu
immediately pointed out, however, that “group adjustment
will destroy a genius' he must
learn group selection. . . .
Genius, like all creativity, must
be paid for.” Listing peace of
mind, happiness, comfort, ad
popularity as the things lost,
Bishop concluded that “the
genius has no choice."
Psychology Research
Gets ‘10,500 Grant
Grinnell has received a $10:
500 grant from the'national
Science Foundation to support
an ”undergraduate science education program“ in psychology, to be headed by Neil D.
Kent (patch)
This program will provide
opportunity for participtation
in faculty research programs
by five superior undergraduate
psychology motors. The students will be working on research projects under the sun-i
division of Kent and D. W.
Taylor (patch)
NEW SERVICE
or
LARRY’S
BARBER SHOP
hair cut the
quickest way —
by appointment
' Call Larryaf 235-4142
Shop under rather: recall
 
TASTY '
PASTRY
SHOP
The islplace to
come!
723 BROAD
 
“Your Health
Is Our Business"
Take advantage
of the friendly Iarviuo
of
THARP PHARMAGY
4th Avenue
 
Cliff Johnson's
/ CONOCO
STATION
“The best friend your
car ever had.“
Personal Automobile Service
RULES OF THIS GONTEST
1. Match all merchants withtheir a‘advertisement. ,
2. Bring your answer to the 5&3 office _O_r put your answers in our
post Office box.
3. You must be one of the let 5 in
., order to win.
m STARTS WEDNESDAY
ENDS smunmw
The far out seo 9f the far west /
11m ’1
defeat!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
mail spam-bad" manga
Aim EKpEm-unsula “DRESS
W. 4 ran TEXAS,
SCARLET AND BLACK
THIS COUPON WORTH s3no
with your ‘purchase of
eﬂher
A New Hair Dryer
An Automatic Peroolator
am
Why not spend a related
evening at Grinnell's newest
recreational spot. breaking
the balls
at the
due and fashion
913 BROAD
Friday. March 20, I964
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Friday, March 20, I964
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
exchange
asked
P r i z e s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
freeze Right in to
The
FOUR WINDS
MOTEL ‘
A
Best Western
Motel
with 16 luxurious units
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C.O.D.
to the NEW
Wayne's greenhouse
Grinnell's Newest & Finest
Cocktail Lounge
leave Your Spots
at
Iowa Cleaners
in
Grinnell
North I: South Campus Agenda
SVTO
III'
The New site Spot
the
WHITE SPOT
Dinner or a acute'knock
Open 24 Hours a Day
 
Page Eight
Anku Presents Series of Articles
Discussing Nkrumah's Government
This is the first of a series
of articles written by Vincent
Anku, Grinnell junior, on the
problems of Ghana,
In recent months, as Ghanaian politics has become increasingly prominent in the
American press, many adjust
and groundless statements
have been made against her
government through American
news services. My complaint is
that these statements do not
tell the whole truth. In a series
of weekly articles, I shall attempt to present the other face
of Ghana government headed
by President frame Nkrumoh.
In the first four articles I shall
make general statements which
will be fully discussed and the
evidence for them offered in
later articles.
It is one thing to report that
Nkrumah discussed Ghana's
Chief Justice, Sir A. horse, and
then to add wild comments
such as “it is a trend towards
absolute dictatorship.” But it
is another thing to give a fairly comprehensive account of
what actually happened, what
the other cabinet ministers said
about it, and how champions
reached to the Chief Justice.
Five people were tried for an
attempt to assessments Nkruman. The three top cabinet
ministers who master-linked
the plan were submitted while
one poor civil serving and an
opposition party member were
convicted,
Unbiased papers like the
New York Times pointed out
that the service accounting the
alleged contributors drew heated criticism in the press and
projects from various parts of
the country. Ghana's Attorney
General Kwan Swanzy stated
that the court's decision covered of “discrimination" and
that the two ratings were in
compatible He continued that
it would have been better to acquit all five accused or to contact the whole lot. The Times
also reported that thousands of
people demonstrated in Ghana’s capital, Accra, demanding
the discussed of the Chief Justice. Thus, Dr. Nkrumah did
not arbitration fire the Chief
Justice, The National Assembly
authorized him to do so, and
elements desired the action as
well. The Times later reported
that the commission oi artists
friendly petitioned the President to resistant the Chief bus-
(ice. champions are quite free
either to enlarge or protest in
public or through the Party
about policies and actions
Nkrumah takes.
The Des points Register reported the discussed, but it
failed to give background and
labeled Nkrumah outright as a
"left-leading director." This
kind of iallacious reporting
does not hurt Ghana much. It
certainly intensifies the Amer.
icon people's appreciation and
presents them from taking ad
vintage of the unprecedented
investment opportunities emails
able in Ghana. in suite of numerous hosting remarks and
beautifully undertaken war on
Ghana by certain sectors of
the American press, more and
more foreign aid and private
capital from the West is touring into the country each
month, However, I think papers like the Des points Register and magazines like Time
are misinforming r e a d e r 5
about Ghana. The real harm
is to the American readers
who generally want to understand Ghana.
Nkrumah’s party policies are
not mere propaganda elegant,
but are truly based on 'pain—
cities of peace, prosperity, and
progress. This is very well
authorized by Nkrumah in
his recent message to the nation concerning the SevenYear Development Plan (19631970):
"The Plan provides the blueprint for the future programs
and development of Ghana as
a nation. It is a program of
social and economic developments on the use of science and
technology to revolutionary our
agriculture andgindustry, It is
designed to provide the basis
not only of our national progress and prosperity, but also
of our ability to contribute to
the advancement of the African
continent.
“Our aim is to establish in
Ghana a strong and progressive society in which no one
will have any anxiety about
the basic needs of life, about
work, food, and shelter; where
poverty and illiteracy no longer exist and disease is brought
under control; and where our
educational facilities provide
all the children of Ghana with
the best possible opportunities
for the development of their potentialities.” (The New York
Times, January 20, 1964, page
67.)
«Nkrumah has done a great
deal toward achieving this
goal. 1 shall deal with his accomplishments of the past ten
years and his plans for the next
seven in later articles. If this
is what some Americans call a
“trend toward communist,"
this brand of ”communist” is
a great hope for champions.
For it is under this type of government that Ghana has today achieved the highest living
standard of any of the new blair
can nations. But the modern—
ment and the people are not
content with this; they are determined to develop fully the
human and material resources
of their country. This means
substantial economic development, Like all newly independent nations, Ghana intense to
achieve this as quickly as possible.
6: .2. [m
dale,
NEED AN inexpensive bush drum
for the convention? Contact
Bruce weekend, ext. 307.
 
WWW
SCARLET AND BLACK '
} Public Relations
Continued from Page i
and they all turned to Grinhell.
The public relations staff,
Alan (ticket) Holmes, Mrs.
Jane Renaud and Mrs. Helen
Wiesc began to act. biography
cal material on both Dr. and
Mrs. women and their family
was displayed to all news
areas, phone calls went out to
traveling Grinnell representatives, plans were set for an
afternoon press conference and
press packets were prepared
for reporters.
Sophomore Ted Steele, who
happened to be working in the
office that afternoon, also got
in on the excitement. “When
the phones didn't work, his
legs did.” remained Mrs.
Prescott.
Meanwhile, President women,
whose plans had also been
pushed ahead by the early anA
tournament, had gone into inclusion to finish preparing his
public statement. Original plans
had called for a meeting Friday afternoon at which the
president would inform faculty members of his new position. Now the state pressure
were featuring to meet with
the President at that conference. Because Dr. women desired to keep his faculty meeting just withiaculty members,
the public relations department began making plans for
an afternoon press conference,
“We had to make ‘dozens of
calls to inform all interested
agencies that the President
would meet the press at 4:30
in nursing Basement. We even
made about 12 calls trying to
locate the 58:3 editor in a future attempt to get the news
break in last week's Friday edition of the paper," said Mrs.
Prescott. (The SH; had already gone to press three
hours before and the editor was
sitting in an afternoon seminar
learning how to teach English
grammar to teeth readers.)
By 4:15 most of the pieces
were beginning to fall into
place. SAGA had been notified,
and had sent over donate. coffee, and ice water for the press
conference. Press kits including pictures, geographical material, information about the
college, and copies of the press
Dr. R. Maas
Optometrist
Phone 236-4002
719 59h AvenueI
across from
United Food Siorl
Contact Lenses
Complete Optical
Laboratory
 
 
event's statement ( mi m e o»
graphic in a harry by his
secretary Mrs. Ni ii a fighter), were available for all visiting an d local reporters,
Chairs and tables had been
gathered from neighboring offices and moved into the viewing room. And the phones were
still singing off the books.
One of the biggest boosts
came from warehouse photos
reply studios here in Grinnell.
With relatives of the women
family on file they set to Work
about two that afternoon and
had dozens of prints to the college by four. They also took
pictures at the press conference.
Grinnell students working as
interim in Des points for the
national wire services were
also sweet into the “big story."
Dave Baetz was sitting in on
the meeting of the Board of legends when the announcement
was made, Both he and Jim
Herzog were kept busy proper<
ing material for the service and
for the college.
We’ve been tied-up time wise
like this before, when Truman
Was here and the governing,
but nothing has been quite this
improving,” said less concerning the work of the public
relations department. “I am
very proud of the way the people in this office shared themselves and went to work after
only a five-minute briefing."
“This event also illustrated
the efficiency of the American
press," he continued, Despite
the rush, and the short notices,
the stories were complete and
accurate and well written. The
material contained in them was
a credit to Dr. women and to
Grinnell. It shows how the
media can reach to an emergency situation it they have
to.”
By 8:15 the last reporter had
taken his story to the printers.
That night. some of the staff
returned to the office to work
on special material for Iowa
papers, but most of the work
was leisurely.
Danish said
PASTRIES
Home of Qualit)r
4th Ave.
 
Friday, March 20, I964
Schuman Pleased
By ‘annie! Prince'
By Sam Schuman
Last week’s production of
Daniel Prince, an original play
Written and directed by Keith
hilton, was an extremely
Worthwhile experiment. Mr.
hilton gave us a work which
shows surprising promise and
an even more surprising lack
of those adults which usually
according the works of a be
winning dramatist. The play
was not flashers: much of the
second scene could have been
expressed in action and not
talk; at times the major
themes of the play were pushed
at the audience a little bit too
hard; and at times. Mr. hilton's attempts. both as a writer and as a director, at symbol<
ibm and theatricalism were a
bit everyone. But as these criticnsms could probably be equal1y labeled at Arthur Miller
(After the Fall) and George
Bernard Shaw (Major Barbara), Mr. hilton need not teen
that he is in bad company, Mr.
hilton seemed particularly apt
at creating the comic line, (“I
was born under the sign of
Scorpio, what about you, sir?")
"I was born under stress,
Madame" and the dialogue was
generally quite good.
The production or this piece
was also quite interesting.
Bruce McConachie as the
young Daniel Prince Could be
charmingly drive and consistently confused. but seemed.
once or twice, to make the
transition between the two a little too rapidly. Sue month, as
gazette, gave once again a rather drilling and dramatic per—
variance, and like .McConachie
could only be customized for a
slight unnecessary abruptness
in changing from mood to
mood. Ken Friedman demonstrated his growing ability as
PLAY REVIEW—
Continued on page I
 
 
 
5th Ir Broad
Call 236-3069
“Headquarters
for
Beauty”
 
friday, March 10. m4
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Nine ‘
 
Emily llorne Gives climate of life in Thailand Villages
Emily Home is currently a
Fifth Year Student teaching
and studying abroad in Thailand as part of the TravelService scholarship program.
Fifteen houses, w oo d e n
allowed and sides with bamboo
meeting, hundred together in an
attempt clearing started out
of the bush greetings. Sharp—
joined dogs posted and followed beneath the pole»reached
h o u s e s; tagged - delivered
checking picked among the
refuse. At the approach of the
Church - employed Buddhist
nurse and myself, manga dogs
tagged at their roses and burst
into deviant mapping. A turbanheaded Woman quarter her dog
and modified for us to climb
up. Her baby was ill, and in
the single room behind, another child sheet beside the cook
fire and the simple utensils.
We were in a Karen village.
This particular village is a
mere 70 kilometers from
Chiengmai (the second-largest
city in Thailand), but the trip
there took from sunrise to sun»
set in a power-wagon. And this
was during the dry season.
During the daily season, anyone feeding to go to Chiengmai
for emergency medical treat
ment would have to walk, or
he carried for two days. The
road is never more than a red
clay cash in the mountainside;
the correction gains and creating vegetation conspire to ob
literary it.
The parent, who altogether
number between 60,000 and 90,000, are said to be the largest
PPPE Picks Book
For April and May
Convention, a novel about a
national political convention,
by Fletcher Knebel and Charles
Bailey, (Seven Days in May),
has been selected by the Pro
gray In Practical Political Education as the April-May Political Book-of-the-Month.
The story of a six»day battle
for the Republican nomination
for President in a mythical
convention in Chicago, the
novel has been chosen in part
for its connection with the
rock Convention coming up in
April.
In the story, Charles Manchester, convention front-runner, announces at a prercoventio press conference that, if
elected, he will review, and per»
maps cancel, a $10 billion missile contract. The resulting repercussions of this statement
among major pressure groups
change from an apparent shooin for Manchester to a real
cliff-danger, not decided until
the final roll-call of the states.
“in this book one can actually feel the atmosphere of a hot,
speaking political convention,
With the streaming, bannerwaving jobs of generates, with
francis candidates and numerous managers, with bearing
hands and bright alien lights,
with irreverant reporters, and
the like,” said C. admin Gilmour, PPE Director.
 
of the hill tribes in Thailand,
They are one of twenty groups,
all of which are eventually and
manually different from the Thai.
Like most of the other hill
tribes, the parent practice dry
agriculture (rather than the
Wet method of the Thai, with
irrigation and ﬂcoding of the
fields). They clear the fields
by cutting and burning the underbrush, the only fertilizer
being the asked of the turned
plants. Like most of the other
hill tribes, they live at operations between 2,000 and 7,000
feet, they are not literary, they
speak little or no northern
Thai, and they are approximately realistic rather than
Buddhist.
The parent, however, are
unlike the other groups in that
many of them are Christian.
dictionaries were announced
to find Christian parent in
Thailand, for until the last 15
years, there were no dictionaries working with them. This
peculiar situation is explained
by the fact that for over 100
years, parent in karma have
been Christian, and parent in
Thailand have been mississippi by their own purpose
brethren.
A great variation in econom<
ic complexity is evident among
the hill tribes, from those who
practice efficient agriculture
and produce charitable surprised, to the promotion Phi long
Luang, or “Spirits of the Yellow Leaf.” The “Spirits," of
whom there are probably not
more than 100, are romania
centers and gathering whose
only extra -group commerce
has been with nearby ceo pe0<
pie. Until recently, when chris
first saw the “Spirits," reports
of these people were disregarded as imaginary. The men of
this group wear only a join
cloth; their houses consist of
nothing more than a windbreak
of banana leaves against a tree
trunk, where a fire is kept
burning all night for warmth.
Great variation, too, is found
in the degree of assimilationlvisited, for example, had signed
into Thai culture among these
different hill tribes. The “Spirits," rather than being anticipated, are slowly becoming ex»
since, as their hunting grounds
are approaches on by farmers
and mining concerns. The
Lawa, the group participating in Thailand at the time the
Thai began filtering into plain
and valley regions from southern China during the 9th Cenr
turn, have in many cases become indistinguishable from
the northern Thai. Many speak
Northern Thai rather than
Lawa, and practice wet publication. Particularly around
Chlengmai this is true,
Many parent live in close
providing to the Thai, and
work for the Thai in the team
forests or tin mines. Many are
aware of being citizens of a
large political unit. Yet they
strongly resist optimization,
seriously maintaining their own
distinction dress, their customs
and language.
optimization is not added by
the practices of the Thai toward the parent and other
such groups. Although the laws
on the books are fair, the attitudes toward and feelings with
them often serve to weighted
group cohesiveness. .
Most chris seem to think of
the hill tribe people as interior beings. One girl’s response,
when she heard I was going to
visit a Karen village, was,
”Catch me a Karen.” On other
occasions, I have heard my
students trust each other with
tribal destinations, changing,
“She is a Lawa” over and over.
When I once asked whether the
hill people were Thai, the abstracts of the question brought
forth games of daughter. These
people, apparently, may be
Thai in Citizenship, but are not
“Thai" in any other respect.
Because they are innocent of
their rights and few of them
speak. Thai, the hill drivers
are often created by the Thai.
The parent of the village I
 
) Play Review
Continued from Page 8
an actor by presenting a mature and full portrait of Au—
guide Chauvin, the old professor. serve de l’article-eastern as played by entrance
McCoy was an interesting part,
although this reviewer disc
agreed with McCoy’s general
interpretation of the part I felt
that serve should have been
rather a stupid and creek character, but McCoy eliminated
the “stupid." in smaller parts
but especially good were Barbara Shivley and Jane between.
Neither seemed aware of the
fact that acting is a column and
grid business and both played
their parts with a lighthearted
humor that was quite winning
and requesting.
In summary, Daniel Prince,
both as a piece of dramatic
literature and a electrical production, not only showed promise but was Worthwhile in itself'. We would be greatly encouraged to see more actions
ties of this type and this
culture.
 
Political
Shorts
The "Students for Scranton”
committee has released a statement charming that the real
winner in the New Hampshire
primary was Governor William
Scranton of Pennsylvania, According to the Scranton com—
little, the results of the New
Hampshire primary show that
the voters were not satisfied
with either of the two major announced candidates who were
listed on the ballot and campaigned for votes. Instead, the
voters turned to a write-in in
which Lodge, a popular New
alexander, led the list.
Since Lodge is so closely in
solved with the Johnson administration, the Scranton committee says that Lodge will
not be able to offer a meaningful alternative whether» the
present program in diet Nam
fails or proceeds. Because of
this situation they content that
SHORTS-—
Continued on Page 12
 
away their daddy fields to a
mining company at great loss,
understanding only importantly at the time what they were
doing. Now thick mud composed of northwest subsoil has
completely covered their holdings, and they are forced to
farm less desirable ground.
The parent of this area rely
on the Karenrspeaking American Baptist dictionaries to help
message their problems, but as
foreigners. the dictionaries can
not get very involved in political matters without engineering their residence permits.
Nevertheless, the dictionaries
have been successful in establishing a school at Bewe new,
the government supplies the
teacher, and the mission supplies the salary.
Compulsory primary educa
tion has had the effect of slightly blogging ethnic destinations
and divisions in the case of the
large Chinese minority, but the
benefits of the program (implemented with ﬁle affluent Chinese in mind) have not spread
to most hill tribes. The almost
complete absence of schools
in remote areas, and the regulation that school must he
taught in Thai rather than in
the groups’ own language,
have regarded the process.
The government is slowly
beginning to follow the except
left lead of the dictionaries in
helping in navigation, african»
rural methods, and education.
But the government’s efforts
have been minimal. One especially pressing problem is that
of the ceo’s likelihood, now
that opium growing has been
outlined. Another is that With
their numbers expanding and
their flash-and-burn agriculture
supporting only small populations, the hill drivers are being
forced down into the gallery
and into a culture in which
they are unprepared to live.
What little effort the modern-
 
ment has made for the hill
tribes has been promoted by
the knowledge that their following may have an effect on
Thailand’s future. The West in
karma, the parent are involved in sporadic flarerups
with the government over the
Shah states. in neighboring
Laos, the ceo are-the best
guerrilla fighters for the Comv
artists. And Communist drop<
agenda, thus far ineffectual,
has been directed toward the
Meos and laos of Thailand’s
northeast. ‘
The royalty of the hill tribes,
if the Communist threat ever
develops into an offensive here,
could be decision. They have
thorough knowledge of the
maintaining border terrain,
and are the best source of information a b o u t activities
there, Their inaccessibility,
diagnostic differences, and es»
management from Thai culture
remain formidable odds to overcome.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
CASES AND
SOLUTIONS
EYES
EXAMINED
E. J. lenses, 0.D.
Optometrist
Across from Post Ofﬁce
 
I. O O K
SOMETHING NEW
Ahrvotno’s will deliver '
Sandwiches with on Order of
$2.00 or more g with a pizza
AHRVANO'S
PHONE 6-6222
 
Give Her
FLOWERS
from '
BATES
— because it's
Spring
 
Page Ten
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. March 20, me
 
Mile-Relay Team
Eyes 3:125 Time
Goals are set to be met and
Grinnell College's crack molecular.quarter has every intel»
tion of meeting the standards
they have marked down for
themselves.
Before the season started.
time allrjunior team — Ron
Schachel, Jeri Langliam, John
TePaske and Bruce keyword—
got together and decided they
would hit 3:125 in the event.
“The talent is therE," says
Coach Dick Young. “And I
worlds’t be too surprised to
Ice them do even better than
that if they are all clicking at
once. We perform well at the
brake delays—maybe it will
be there.”
Even though handicapped to
some extent because of poor
indoor trainingdacilities, this
crew has already set one new
record~a 3226.4 in the ChicagorMidwest Conference meet
last weekend.
This, however, is not the best
time logged by the four. in
trials for the Chicago Daily
News delays they turned in a
3: 4.8. Running for the first
time on the boards, the quarter
won its mile-relay division
with a 3:25.11.
The record 3126.4 does not
seem too Spectacular by itself;
but take a look at what the four
did during the three hours
prior to the race, Schachel, the
leading man, ran in three 6|)yard dishes and three 60-yard
low-handle races. Then he
pushed out two 2le legs and a
440.
Langharn was warming up
for his contribution by shipping
off two 880’s. TePaske opened
the afternoon’s work by competing in the broad jump. From
the pit, he ran a pair of 220’s
and an 880.
Meanwhile, keyword was not
loading. Before the feature
event’s call, he packard three
SOsyard dashES, two 220 springs,
and an 880. The mile relay was
his seventh race of the day!
To meet that 3:115 goal,
Young figures Schachel will
have to run a :435 out of the
blocks, with both Langham
and TePaske following with
ids’s. If they do this, keyword
needs just a :47. but Young
thinks he is capable of going
lower than that With a running start.
This mile mark inn't the only
goal these four have set for
themselves as a relay unit. if
they can cut their times to
meet a 3:211 standard in the
sprint wesley, they‘ll be hapPY-
To do this, keyword needs a
:47.5 quarter, while Schachel
and TePaske get :2l.8's in their
220’s. That leaves Langham,
who seems to be the most at
home in the 880, With the responsibility of going at least
1:52 in his specialty.
“Actually, this goal dress’t
seem as far out of reach as
the mile standard.” says
Young. “These follows have all
had times close to these breakdowns, but never at the Same
time.
”One of these days they are
going to click and there will
be one happy relay quarter and
 
one very pleased coach.”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grinnell's mile relay Main (left to
and Bruce keyword. has set their goal for the mile event or
 
 
 
 
 
 
right). Ron Schuchel.
men
 
 
 
 
 
Longhorn, John Tel’asks
2.5. The team's best time
so for this season i; a 3114.3. logged at the time trials for the C iccgo Daily News delays.
.
 
I'hinclads Win at North Central
Rod Brown Takes Two Firsts
The Grinnell concerned sweet
to a victory in the North Central delays in Naperville, understanding host North Central
by 9 points, ending up with a
total of 49 markers. This was
the first Naperville victory by
the Pioneer thinclads, having
finished third and second in
two previous years.
Grinnell's victory was due to
their fine effort in the delays
and the individual distance
events. Ron Schachel, Jeri
Langham, John TePaske, and
Bruce keyword won the 12 lap
relay and finished second in
the eight lap, with times of
4:013 and 231.4, respectively.
The 20 lap team also triumphed, with John raising, Tepaske, Langham and keyword
covering the distance in 7:32.55.
Rod Brown repeated his feat
of last year, Winning the mile
and 2—mile with times of 4:38.6
and 9153.1.
Coach Young singles out Jim
Miller, sophomore shotputter,
who came within one inch of
the school record, hosting the
shot 48'4” and Mike Dewitt,
who improved greatly to finish
third and fifth in the high and
low handles, Young also pointed
out the inconsistency of his
numbers and Grinnell's wellness in the springs.
Looking to the future, Coach
Young noted that the Pioneers
would be strengthened with the
addition of pole-counter slide
Smith and shotrputter Jeff
Lewis, refugees from Winter
sport square, and John jersey.
broad bumper who has recent-
 
WHAT TASTES BEST
with _
PEPS
Ask for it lib Name
ly recovered from a knee in-
jury.
Two more meets remain on
Grinnell’s indoor schedule: This
Saturday the Pioneers take
part in the iowa Indoor delays
at the State College of Iowa, in
which most of the small iowa
schools and SCI will take part.
The charles and Black close
their season with a dual meet
at Cedar Falls the following
Wednesday.
 
cross Trackmen
Meei Tomorrow
Grinnell College’s freshman
track team «will move back
into action again this weekend
when it goes to Des points on
Saturday for the Iowa Track
and Field Federation meet.
Leading the Grinnell continuing will be Tom Hill, Dick
canon. Steve paintball, and
Bob Watt,
Hill, primarily a further, will
be in the 50 lows, the high jump,
and run a leg on the mile relay
team. canon, who will also be
entered intel high jump, will
go in for the so dash, the 440,
the broad jump, and leading for
the relay unit,
paintball, beautifully a oneman track team for partially
town High School last year, is
entered in the 50 low handles.
the 380, and will run the third
leg of the mile relay.
Watt. a Speedster, is in the 50
dash and low handles, the 440,
and will anchor the mile team.
In the distance events. Coach
Dick Young will go with Lynn
Riohman in the mile and John
chris in the two mile. Jerry
sharp is entered in the pop!
 
strike It Up
 
strike it up this spring .. .
here'r a sample of the way
stripes fake to style in Men'l
dress ship. Great relief prior
the white 'shirt private, recipes
add the proper neeeni to new
spring souls and Iporfcoafl.
ships it rich of
BOB REIMEB
 
Friday. March 10. NM
icARLET AND BLACK
Page Eleven
 
(layers Change
Record Book
The individual and team sections of the Grinnell College
basketball record book were permitted with reckless brandon
this year as 14_marks fell and
another was tied,
Even though Coach John
deutsch's output could finish no
better than fifth in the Midwest
Conference with a 9-9 mark, it
still established seven new team
standards for a season, including field goals (703), points
(1.739), and rebounds (1,184)
“We cumshot, outrebmmded, and outscored our opponents on the season," Pﬁtech
noted. “Yet we won only 12
or our 22 games. This just
points out the wallace of statistical”
This was the hard-luck year
{or the Pioneers. Of the'nine
conference defects, six were by
a total of 18 points and one
nonrconference loss was by two
points in an overcome.
On the individual front, John
russell the backbone of the
team for three years, got a fist
full of new records, three for
rebounds, including one game
(31), season (443), and career
(1.031). He also has the best
season shooting percentage
(51.7) and most souls for career (200),
Right behind is Jim Mifflin,
the conference’s leading scores, who tied the career maintaining record or 1,103 and
broke the career free throwing
standard of 357.
The last one belongs to Jeff
grants, who came up with
391 points, a new sophomore
standard. grants pushed by
the total by gathering in 83
markers in the last three
games.
On the season, Mifflin was
the team’s leading scores with
438, including a single game
high of 37. This gave Mifilin a
19.9 average for the 22 games,
Reserve Now for
Spring access
March 26 thru April 5
CHARTERED Bus: to Cluclgo,
New York. Knninr may. St.
lynn, and niger points proved-
irig a sufficient number at file
carriers apply. Sign up now _
At
TRAVEL CENTER
or or. Bulletin boards
nr. onrnprn
AIR: Chicago to:
New York
Minn-i
Des points:
trim New York
nr. on. Miami
way— New Orleans
double Acapulco
for Les Angeles an.”
round Honolulu ._ I518?
trips San Francisco ”‘14
HOW ABOUT A VACAIION?
more Ill: Family!)
To the Southwest—
4: Dude Ranch?
$45.87
57.“
7L“
83.2l
sun
”7.60
along a beach?
to N. ala—Foreign .nd siinnyl
to Hawaii "feet for sticker
For Transportation a TourGKINNELL 1».
TRAVEL CENTER
we birth Avenue Court
Call 136-4384
 
Jeff Frank. Grinnell's hot shooting sophomore, set a sophomore scoring record with 371 points on the season. In
league play, Fruntz operated 19.3 points per game.
 
His leading-conference mark
was 21.4.
grants was second in scoring
with his 17.8 average, in league
play, he had a 19.3 average,
* ‘A‘ ‘k
Name
Jim admin
men Franiz
John sunday
slide smile ,
Dive Sellergrcn
Toni Buchholu .
Randy Marg
red Rlsscr
Dick Ulrich
Barry Anderson .
‘l-own Lane .
rom Londsoerg
roll books
«gordon Kinkead ,
Own 'rclnls . , . .
opponent's Terms
a whom
- 150-335
167438
117-126
60150
«.psi)
22
22 676-1705
good enough for rights. russell
was third. in scoring with a l3.5
pace, From there, it dropped
on to a 6.8 mark hung up by
slide Smithl
* ‘k ’1'
Individual Statistics, ISM-’64
REF.
no
172
443
as
W
27
ll
l-‘r/Fm
”8-170
5% lo7
46-92
15.21
64
so
as
52
57
is
is
25
12
l
0
3
o
22
401
- e indicates incredible tried tiny semester.
 
Vote for
Qualified I’ ,
Responsible I’
Capable 1’.
YR
Convention
April 9
 
SALES - REPAIR - RENTAL
underwear — Olivetti ‘
See Us.for Party Goods ‘
Grinnell
Office Supply
Acres: iron the Felt sms.
ln Our New Store Building
By s. 0. Head
massive X pulled one of the
biggest assets or the century,
but right here in our pleasant
little institution for higher
learning an even bigger upset
became a reality. The Lip de-
ﬁed url odds but West’s baSA
ketball team deﬁed all the experts when it captured its first
IM trophy of any kind,
Four years or destination
has calculated the West boys
to throw off all tutorials
images and enter into competition as the true Spartans they
are. But before West, the rest
or the calls are pages to prove
that your new image is a nuke,
and win the remaining symbol-l
. Animal Life -:-
ic representations of athletic
process for themselves.
liable destroyed Smith as
1M bowling champion last Sat<
today at the local lanes. Tom
Poster, who barely outweighs
the ball, won the scoring hon—
org by rolling a 539 series and
a single high game of 229‘
IM Bowling results:
liable .
watson 1
Clark ,
East
North .
Smith
Langan .
Gates .
West
Cowles
South .,
2339
2306
2292
2269
2201
2181
2165
2165
2147
2078
1996
l
l
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
G.
7.
8,
Bu
0.
l,
 
Blast-ball: spell a, camel at crinncli;i
April ll. due in in ciirmeil; Aorii ii,
Simpson at ludlanola, April is, Cornell
(2) at Mt Vernon, April , plymouth at
Grinnell, April 25, Knox 2 it channels;
May 2, Cornell at Gnnl , May 4. for
a_i Cedar Rapids. May a Knox at sales
burn, “L: May 9, Monmoinii (2) at Monmourii, Ill: and May 23, Carleton (21 ai
Grinnell
cool: April ll. Knox and plymouth ii
Grinnell, plain M. lows state ai Amos;
April is, 5:. our 3: Grll-shell; April 29,
Carleton ni Nurlhii u. Minn; april 24,
brake occupational Des points: April
29. Care at printer, diy o, cornell it
Mt Vernon: May a, Belnlt at Eoloii.
and my |5-IE, Midwk'sl conference input
nr Cedar Rapids.
 
Spring Sports Schedule Announced
Tullllk: april ll, too ind William Penn
in Grinnell, April 17, carloion at Gnnncll;
april is, plymouth at Monmnuih, ll
April 21. Knox at Grinnell. April 23, low.
state at Amos: may 2, simon and Law»
reduce at Rlpon and Appleton. mls‘, May
5, Belmt ii Grlnrlell; may i, 5i, oral at
Gl’llmell'i and May 1516, Midwest Cﬂn‘
(alt-nav meet at Cedar Rapids.
nick: April ll, Cornell delays at “L
Vernon, April )8, Dickinson delays at
Cedar cells, April 21. state College or
iowa ii Cedar Falls; A ' M25, Dram
delays a: his points; April as, Ceinill
iii Grinnell, May l. slots delays a: silly
city, May 5, the and Cornell at Mt. Vernon, my a Elmhul’st delays it Elmliuisi, Ill: and my 1546, Midwest can.
t‘erellce meet at Cedar Rapids
 
DENO'S
PIZZA
Cold Beverages
Spaghetti Every Monday and Wednesday
FREE DELIVERY — CALL 236-6334
 
even the
if
You Save
Regularly
ali
Grinnell
 
You’ll be able
to made through
budapest situations
Wit” ‘1 ’5'
’I
‘4
Federal
Savings & Loan Association
Where you sir. salt" . Drrrorenc.
 
[age Twelve
SCARLET AND BLACK
Gruenewald geneva/ins on breaks
ﬁads Them Proud, Contradictory
Ruth Gruenewald is currently a Fifth Year Student
teaching and studying abroad
In Greece as.part of the
fl'level ~ Service scholarship
program.
i'l'o the editors
It’s) awfully hard, you know,
not to generation about a culture of which you know little,
Harder still when you know a
little more. Many times this
year I felt somewhat essential
when people would explain,
~"Why, you’re not a typical
'American at all." Not that I
Would like to be typical you
understand; to my way of
thinking there is no Such thin
The breaks here in Saloniki
seem to feel differently though;
there is nothing they like better than specializing about
themselves. “I am a Greek,"
says the man at the corner
knock, and he pounds his chest
with pride. ”I fought against
the columnists; my father
fought against the works; we
are a brave and strong people,
_we breaks.”
“We are a passionate people," says the lady who sells
flowers at the’market. “We
sing and we week, we quarter
and we love. It is our nature,
our heritage.”
”I am a Greek," says the
university student seriously,
“because I love two things
above all else, my country and
my freedom. For these I would
deadly face death. We are a
proud, liberty-loving people, we
breaks."
Now I am no man on the
street collecting samples of
opinions about national character. These are just bits of conversations volunteered freely
by people I have met. They all
take the qualities nearest to
themselves and enlarge them so
as to encourage the whole na<
tion, They can do this because
they employ a kind of logic
that adults all sorts of considerations. So whatever they say
is right.
In H e o d contradictoriness
seems to be the essence here.
Let me give a few examples, all
of which occurred Within a
space of one hour.
At the Saloniki railroad sea—
tion, a crowd gathered at the
ticket window (quotes are unknown), and as I stood presently waiting (because I am
neither brave nor strong). I
was literally blocked down by
an expensive young man who
obviously'knew how to use his
allows and trees, It’s a little
discussing to be standing in
front of a railroad ticket window one minute and sitting on
the floor the. next. But I didn't,
say anything because. . r .
well . . . the young man must
have had his reasons, and be-
sides I'm not a passionate and,
quarrelsome Greek. So I picked
myself up’ with quiet density;
but at that point to my other
agreement, the gentleman in
question turned around and
with an absolutely concern dis
play of gallantry offered me his
place, his hard-won place, right
.In front of the little window.
Having produced my ticket I
processed to the post office
where a package from America
was waiting for me. There is a
great deal of red tape involved
in picking up a package. One
must first find the correct
room (different sized process
go to different places), then one
must produce one's passport,
sign on several posted lines, etc.
On this particular day (the procedure was especially trying.
You see, the little box addressed
to me contained a packet of
bath sales, something highly
suspect in the eyes of the postal
clerk. He informed me that I
would have to pay duty, and
that the duty would amount to
exactly three times as much as
the original product had cost.
I pleased influence, poverty,
illness, all to no email. So, having returned with myself that,
after all, I had no bath tub anyway, and other related argu—
meets, I informed the clerk
that I did not wish to accept the
package and asked him if he
would send it back to America
or keep it for his girlfriend
This last remark must have
founded the pride of my brave
young clerk; for he more open
the wrapping and bumper the
contents—thousands of showing
pink crystals—on the floor.
Then with a police bow and a
brief reputation which translated
approximately as ”Go with
joy" he started out of the
room.
I left the post office quickly
and embedded upon the last adventure of the hour. On my way
home I passed a little grocery
store and decided to stop and
buy a few things. The proper
was teaching some vegetables
for another customer, and as I
wanted, I noticed that his thumb
was on the scale, adding to the
actual weight. But this time I
was ready for a good fight, and
when my turn came and the
 
man charged me twenty track-u
mas, I told him I would pay no
more than ten. We processed to
carter, and finally the price
was fixed at courtesy. But
when I took out my purse, the
proper suddenly failed and
said, ”For you the price is
seven drachmas.” Well, I tried
to look nonchalant as I paid
him and stopped up any packages, but authority won out, so
I turned back to ask why the
sudden low price. “Oh,” he revised, “I am a Greek, and we
breaks are generous people,
you know."
It is difficult not to generation about a culture of which
ones know little. . . . very diffs-
cult.
Ruth Gruenewald
) women
Continued from Page 3
great development. It seems to
me to offer an unusual challenge and an opportunity for
public service.
I have a special interest in it
also because Mrs. women and
I both attended it as graduate
students and I started my
teaching career there, having
served seven years on the I30
ulty. I might add that I am
interested in it because it is located in Iowa, a state that I
have grown to consider my
home and where I feel very
much at home. Parenthetically,
I am glad that Iowa. City is
close to Grinnell because I
shall always retain a deep interest in Grinnell,‘ and I hope
to maintain my friendships
here.
Please foreign me for being
so personal in these remarks
this morning, but I thought you
might be interested 'in my comments on leaving Grinnell and
that you had a right to know
the facts.
Mr. Rigoberlo prices
who
For want of
American
Freedoms
has feed the human regime
will be featured at a
FUND RAISING DINNER
Sponsored by Grinnelliuns for polyester
Tuesday —-PllR —
6:00 —- March 24th
Reservations in Lunch Line or P.O, Box 40
'— ,Cost § I .00
 
) Shorts
Continued from Page 9
the real winner in New Hampshire was William Scranton
as the man best capable of
writing the party against the
Democratic administration.
In other news, the commit—
tee announced that it will
open a campaign booth in room
15 of nursing library. The
booth will be open from 8-9
p.m., Sunday through Wednesday. All students interested in
more information on Scranton
or in working on his campaign
are tried to visit the campaign
booth, I
“Grinnellians for Goldwat<
er," a group organized to win
the Republican presidential
nomination at the upcoming
rock Political Convention for
Senator Barry polyester, has
announced that Rigoberto Are.
yes will address a fund-raising dinner on Tuesday, at 6
pm. in the Private Dining
Room.
The dinner will be open to all
interested Students, faculty,
and residents of Grinnell. Reservations can be made in
lunch line Monday or Tuesday,
through college post office box
or through college post office
box 40. A journal charge of
$1.00 for students and $2.50 for
all others will be collected at
the door.
Recent polls taken among
members of the Grinnell Young
Democrats club indicate that
support for the Vice - press<
central nomination of the Grinnell rock Convention is well
split.
Of the 50 per cent response,
robert Humphrey led all VicePresidential candidates with
28 per cent. U. N. Ambassador
 
Friday. March 20, NM
Adlai Stevenson was second.
chosen by 21 per cent of the
respondents.
Also getting strong support
were Attorney General Robert
Kennedy and Peace Corps Director R. largest deliver, both
selected by 14 per cent of those
responding.
Support was also indicated
for Eugene McCarthy, Abra<
ham Ribicoif, Gale McGee and
Stuart arlington.
How to spend a weekend
in Chicago for $l5
so: JORNsuI
Lntharcnuege
record". Iowa
Says. ' Any
student. man
nrwnmsncau
$15.oo.Heva Is
how I did it."
man" a! VMCA coast sun
chiwgo Symphony 2.50
Room ulVHoIeI 2.55
.53
run.
Ms
Brecklml a! 1 Hotel
an insects Your
lunch at Bamboo im-
jul. Hist. Museum TN"
Dinner at v Hotel
5:" ' dance. v hotel
joke den.
Room at v list-I
rm
I.l5
.l o
.45
2495
Breakfast at v Hotel 59
child at Central Church
lunch utc Hotel mo
Sim. AM.
5w. PM. Back to mmpvl
metal $14.96
MEN - WOMEN - games
Stay at Chicago‘r
YMCIA HOTEL
826 South Wabash
‘at the edge of the LOOP
mmuuﬂm h: mo - "M ms and up
Wvllc M samples- or call 91min
 
 
“SO WE DECIDED T0 . . .
' WOW! A BIKINI CLEANED BY
SWEDE'S . . .
. . . SETTLE OUT OF COUR .”
 
