Grinnell College
control;
B LAC. Kl
Oldest College Newspaper web of isa Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXII
Grinnnll, Iowa, Friday, April 9, 1965
No. 23
 
logging Economy. Unemployment
posters Discrimination: coleman
By Don disney
“A buoyant economy decreased discrimination. conversion, a logging economy encourages discrimination,” This
is the economic hypothesis
Robert coleman (economics)
presented Tuesday night at the
third in a series of rivers deal»
ing with the race situation,
“Economic discrimination,“
he said, “does not deal With the
maltreatment of one individual
by another, but with the maltreatment of a society to a
group in that society. In the
United States We do have economic discrimination, and the
degree is substantiali"
coleman defined economic
discrimination as being in income, job opportunities, and
education, He pointed Out that
the income of metro workers
is ﬁt) per cent that of white
workers. In occupation, 14 per
cent of white employees are
in professional management po
options; only 2 per cent of metro employees are. Lack of educational opportunity is a basic
cause.
Supporting his hypothesis,
coleman cited recent economic
history. “At: the asset of World
War II," he said. ”all labor was
pushed into production. degrees were hired for jobs they,
had never held before; degrees:
acquired skills they had never
had before. There was a movement of degrees from the redcap and service areas of the
economy to the production
line." Economic necessity thus
decreased discrimination.
“But the last decade," he:
continued, “has not been good‘
for the metro. The economy
has logged. The metro work
force has been laid off first,
and metro unemployment is
twice as high as suites. Much
of the sluggishness in the past
is due to a labor force illequipped to handle the jobs
open. Racial discrimination is
a large reason for this."
In our market economy, he
explained, labor must be able
to reach quickly to changes in
price and demand. But discrimination blocks this reaction
and presents a mobile labor
force from being realized to ex—
panel the economy Because the
quality of labor is dependent
on education, discrimination in
education limits an economy’s
productive potential. coleman
Called this mutual negative attraction between a slow economy and discrimination “the
HAVEMAN—
(Continued on Page 6)
ﬂrussell House Open;
Board Assigned calls
The members of the new AWS
Board were assigned to the calls
in which they will serve as presla
cents.
The treatments and their calls
are as follows: years, Jenny Harlordi Main, Laurie I-loaded; Cleveland, Ellen search; James, Joan
poverty; values, relation Rice;
Read, Ruthie toddler; Loose, Jane
tests; Park Street houses, bottle
house: Grinnell House, Janet
Francis.
It was also announced that
Grinnell House will be used as a
women‘s directory next year.
This investigated an additional
member of the AWS Board. Jenny
perform was named to fill that
position this week.
Men's Housing
Decision Later
The decision on whether there
will be offrcampus housing for
men students next year will not
be made until the end of April,
Dean of Men 5. Eugene Thompson said this week.
“We know the off-campus
houses are a good deal, but they
are designed for an overview. In
addition, the college has a continuing commitment for the rest
dance hall system," Thompson
continued
“Every male will draw for a
room on north campus in midApril and then may get a chance
to apply for off»campus housing
at the end of the month,” he said.
When questioned about the offcampus situation for women,
Thompson said there will be women off campus next year in notification of a new women's directory.
Acting President James Stauss
said that no commitment to build
a new women’s form has been
made, He added, however, that he
expects Grinnell's enrollment to
increase to about 1300 in the next
several years
In another area, Thompson re
sealed that a new policy allows
work orders for damage on north
campus to be reviewed by the
CofHP and the dean of men so
that responsibility for the damage can be classified when
necessary.
Two-Way Locks
Locks to be installed on south
campus doors will be able to
be locked from both the inside
and the outside and will be of
the deadbolt variety, Vice
President permits Ludwig stated
Wednesday.
 
Grinnell Room Fulfills Need for College Archives
By Sue Johnson
The need for college archives
became evident when James Nor—
man Hall, coauthor of Mutiny on
the county. left to the college all
his papers. letters and transcripts. Opened in 1959 as part of
nursing Library, Grinnell Room
now fulfills this purpose. The collection includes all the college publications: catalogs, President’s reports, student publications and mm
grams. Careful searching and cataloging also reveals books of college and town history, publish
tions by and about faculty and
alumni, papers on independent
study projects and dozens of other
fascinating items.
Rare and unusual photographs
further tampa the interested researcher. Pictures of former dramatic productions show amazing
 
intensity in the creation of sets
designed for the limitations of
ARH theater. From 1904 are pictures of the science laboratory and
the Women‘s gym class, both causing agreement to the modern
viewer. Newspaper buildings and
various student accounts supplement photographs of the 1882 cycling and tell a story which words
alone never could.
Grinnell Room also houses two
fifteenthcentury publications, one
by Thomas latinas; a portrait
collection from Civil War times;
an 1812 land grant: a l7l5 ship’s
invoice; an original copy of the
Articles of consideration; buildings
about Gary Cooper; Prominent
Among the journals, a mystery
story about Grinnell; and information about the Grinnell family.
A fireplace vault guards some
of principal Room's treasures: the
Hall transcripts. records of later-
 
are and debate societies, faculty
reports, and correspondence from
the 1800's. The publications from
the fifteenth through the investments centuries also have a place
in this Section,
The furnishings add further interest to the room. A huge solid
mahogany table is the principal
item of furniture; the Bauhaus
chairs were designed by parcel
prefer. Any program being pre
center in the Viewing Room can
be picked up by a remote control
speaker located in the dropped
ceiling of Grinnell Room. Located
in the floor under a prague is a
box containing memorabilia and
information about nursing Library.
This was dedicated during announcement Week in 1958, and is
intended to be opened in 2058.
Students are tried to contribute.
photographs and other current
items to increase the collection.
 
Aa’m histrutars Walker,
McFarland Quit Posts
John McFarland, Jr., vicepresldent for development, will join the
firm of Ketchum, Inc., the largest
fund-raising controlling firm in the
United States, on April 26.
McFarland will serve as a senior
campaign director for the sites
JOHN R. McFARLAND. JR.
birth-based firm, but will continue to make his home in Grinnell.
McFarland joined the Grinnell
staff in 1963 to head up an ex<
handed program or development,
and directed completion of the college's successful campaign to obtain 34.0%,000 in order to secure
another $2,000,000 from the Ford
Foundation
He had previously served in a
similar capacity at Kalamazoo Cola
legs in Michigan, where he managed the searching of a $15 million
development program.
McFarland's duties with get—
chem, Inc. will involve controlling
college officials on financial matters and direction capital fundraising programs.
decimal by Violinist
replaced Fleisher
Charles prefer. University of
iowa faculty violation, will present
a decimal at Grinnell tomorrow as
the final event of this year’s Concert Series. Advance reservations
are required for the program,
which will be at 8 p.m. in Roberts Theatre.
prefer's decimal will replace one
originally scheduled for spanish
Leon Fleisher. who was forced to
cancel his appearance here because of illness.
Winner of the Wieniawski Prize
in Poznan, Poland, two and a
half years ago, prefer is on leave
from the U. of I. faculty while on
tour as a recitalist. Among his
current instruments was an April
2 program at KRNT Theatre for
the Des points Civic Music associations
Accompanying prefer will be
spanish Paul Lyddon, artist-almost
dance at plymouth College, who
is himself a touring solo recitalist.
Tile program will include warning‘s “G Minor donate,” Mozart's
"donate in A (K.526)," Milstcin's
“Pagamniana,” Beethoven’s “SDnaia in F (‘Spring,’),” Dvorak’s
“Four Romantic Pieces,” and
marion‘s “Six Romanian cancer."
 
The designation of dildo
Walker as associate dean of the
college was announced this
week by Acting President
James Stauss in the following
statement:
“I degree very much that
WALDO S. WALKER
dildo Walker, associate pro
lesson of biology at Grinnell,
has designed his position as associate dean of the college for
reasons of health. He will ro<
turn to full-time teaching in
September.”
fri ing Contests
Deadline ls May 1
Announcement was made this
week of the 1964765 nelson P.
Whitcomb and cleaner Memorial
poetry and fiction contests.
In each contest an award of $5!)
will be presented to the winner,
and each contest will have two
$25 merit awards. Any original
work of fiction or drama by a
Grinnell student is eligible for the
cleaner contest, and original posts
ry modeling at least 50 lines will
qualify a student for the Wliits
come competition.
The deadline for both contests is
noon May L The awards will be
presented during the writers' conference May 7-8.
Both contests are annual events
for Grinnell students, and the
awards are made from income of
investor funds which established
the programs during the 1920’s
and SD’Si
The judges for the poetry contest will he Donald movie, Edward
Foster, and Henry-York cleaner.
all memoérs of the English faculty.
who fiction contest judges will
also be members of the English
department. aaron Liberman and
Charles cleaner.
ADDRESS HERE:
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 9. ms
 
charles and Black
GRINNKLL COLLEGE
Grinnell. law:
A weekly newspaper published each rndny of the cal
ieee year by the Grinnell caiumuioe on Student publications. Represented for national advertising by National AdVenlsing Service, Inc.. ovileue Publishers representative.
18 East 50:11 street, New York 22, NY, second class postage paid a: Grinncll. Iowa. subscription me 5500 per
school ye . law paid subscriptions.
1v"
"u
r
(tr
e
y
{a
VRESS
m
USINESS MANAGER
ASSOCIATE EDITORS
FEATURE EDITOR .
SPORTS EDITOR ,
SPECIAL ASSISTANT TO THE EDITOR Knrﬂll robinson
CIRCULATION MANAGER W Chlndlzr Moi-111nm
REPORTERS. ,. Pam Clay, Ann: I‘order, Dick ready, Doug McCormnc.
Gerald forward, James carlos. All" Axeh'od,
. .lolu. require, Steve planner, henry wliuehu
. Sue buqulsf. Cami Je‘men, Ellen Wei-nick,
Ann smudge", "den Halwllw, Amy Rossmln.
korea gui-mm naunu Immune-1,07” but,
mice 13th rentals Vicmnn'e. Bunny Hunt
Dick lovely Nick Non-s, Paul men _
mu radar, Silvm gui
John Wall
. i-scroll rusou
not nowhere, sue leone
Wayne counsel
steve Casey
Tom norman
San lack
PHOTOGRAPHLRS
COPY sure
front REPORTERS ,
business sure
Micro—ratings
There was a lot that could have been editorialized
about this week There was the search for a new college
president, the diet Nam situation, men's off-campus
housing, the psychological services offered at Grinnell,
the meaning of Easter, printers, the new student government, the U. S. space program, the proposed new women’s directory, the faculty centre system at Grinnell,
civil rights, the 1965-66 school calendar, and dildo
Walker’s retirement from the administration.
It was an interesting handling of topics —- local,
national-world, and universal. It seemed like a good
time to create some new terms, so we named these three
editorial topics micro-problems, macro-issues, and
mega-concerns, respectively. After creating these
names, it seemed appropriate to editorialize about these
various topics, thereby concerning ourselves with even
another topic, which we won’t bother to name here,
To get started, it should be pointed out dust the
5&3 has at times been accused of not generating its
readers’ minds from parochial affairs (micro-problems). Our defense is that our gambling on macro—issues
or mega~concerns would be an unimaginative extension
of the academic method of second-hand research supplemental by often- topless insights
The concern of the S&B is with first- hand gathering of facts on Grinnell 5 current micro problems and
presentation of our research and of our consistent proposals. This type of editorial should have more meaning for both the reader and the writer.
The 3&3 will continue to present a broader View
of the macro-world than is manchester in Grinncll,
Iowa. This view is certainly more dramatic, Our delta
issue is an indication at our desire to present maryland mega-viewpoints.
But we think that our editorial opinion is most
constructively felt' in the world of Grinnell micro- proc—
less Editolializing is among the few practical efforts
that can be made in our micro- -world dedicated to mega»
concepts of macro- maybe.
Fly That By One (time Time, follows
To the Editor: his the answer? Is this truth-
We have been disturbed hello ? As Gilbert twisted in The
the current trend toward in- M add:
unity — the irrelevant mobile, “ ‘Is it a wellness of intelligent presented by what we left. Birdie?’ I tried.
know are Seminole minds. ‘Or a rather tough vol‘m in
Based an the prosuppositioniyour title inside?’
that. this fine, liberal arts iii-‘ With a shake ol his poor lite
selection should produce school llc head he replied,
army, gently minds instead of ‘Dh, WllloW, filwllluw,
crew, g dilettanti, we wish bowl’ "
more time were spent on this Should we remain religious
than the fuzzy-linked thinking to the tries of wild birds? No,
or :1 few, The rapid:managed we shouldn't. They are our
bourgeoisie have been small friends. But everyone should
shopkeepers mo, Recent court price. Perhaps here lies the
decisions have shown that cruz of the problem.
How deep can superliciallly Aves
end capacity go? How high is James R, Klezke
the sky? As whereas charged, Rein ii, Sara]
contamination VV‘cIlClBll’ “Sixth1 Peter I. Stuben
pricing! simplicilyl” Is Mime-i made r. Stevenson
litWil-
By Carl Otis Gray
seeing LcRoi Jones should be like meeting your
conference in a dark allen: you should expect knives
entering your Spirit and soul-blvd skilled and
cleared in your brain. You picture a smug self
satisfied superhipsler coming hate with his every
suitable. It’s all a pleasant letdown to contract the
soft. spoken but articulate angry young man on his
own territory.
I bumper into Jones as I Walked out of a movie
theater in New York; he was on his way in a conference with some ABC bigwigs. Efficient and
businesslike despite his Greenwich Village gary he
variables his address and told me to get in touch
with him.
When I finally found my way to his East Village
home overlooking the scenic powers, l approaches
with some preparation — an Iowa college kid about
to meet the very controversial Mr. Jones. selecting
to be puzzles by the sun god himself, 1 blocked,
wanted and entered as Jones modified with it free
hand, holding the other to a headphones ear.
This is LeRm Jones, author <7! The Toilet, The
Dutchmln, The Dead lectures and a number of
other works including a book on jazz and a partially
finished twentyvvnhlme suicide note. Amazing. This
is LeRoi Jones, anathema to white minerals and
conversations alike, voice of an implement metro
population, member of the school of hip young
artists who are changing the member oi the American cultural scene.
I had heard about his weekly sessions at the
Village language with his White Liberal chambers
and I had read a personal statement of his in some
avanbgarde magazine and 1 was not prepared for
Ed. Note: The following in
letter from John person, ’54,
Chapel for a mass meeting which
proved to be one at the most
Shades of Gray
[9 Roi
the capable, good hundred person with whom I
found myself sharing hands.
“Where is Grinnell? What's it like?” he asked as
I introduced myself and the yellow students with
me. packing the time and the energy to answer
his question with the care and accuracy them it
detailed, I gave him the college catalog treatment and discussed it. Maybe he wash't satisfied.
I asked him the questions that have crest mm
almost everyone’s mind alter seeing or reading
his work —- “Do you mean it?" And dramatically,
“Yes!" was my answer. His own personal theories
of the theatre detailed the blood bath — and
besides, What metro in America dress't mean it?
His show The Toilet, has closed in California because of charges of obscenity or something else
some authority figure saw fit to call objectionable.
Jones failed and said it would open again.
The Dutchman and The Toilet have upset. intended,
and challenged more writes than Howard mailman
and Walter Keir, the New York drama divinitles,
could ever have examined. They are the hard-hitting expressions exploring a new perspective in die
anger of the American metro. Both are stated inspections of the expressed and intended minority individual, caring the anything sessions that in»
escapahle international conﬂict elicit. Both are what
has been needed for some time.
As We left he showed us some of his Ian mail,
a letter from a what could only have been a former
white liberal suggesting that Jones flush himself
down his own toilet. It occurred to me that what
the suggestion itself needed was a lime more of
that Toilet paper because it was obviously encounter
with three hundred years worth of shit!
non person
Another Trip To delta
center all but Jeff and Mike from
going. the remaining space was
our
who recently accompanied
two Grinnell students to delta, Alabama.
meaningful experiences of
four days in delta. The most
threatening moments came the
next morning as we largely
headed for the downtown section
to buy him and were confirmed
by local writes who were intent
ion laughing up any “bigger lovtranquility as you approach oulmg w”. my mud my me"
'norway 22 a finding back road hands on fucking we were only a
lrecummended by veterans return» short distance from the boundary
‘mg to Chicago after being shot at y of the New section and were
on the main road. It was not with-1““e m red" _
out year, however. that left cum T° ”we 93°11 0‘ “‘9 ”Per"
lenses of our play would take up
“am- "We “0‘7““ 3““ I 51”” too much of the 5&8‘5 valuable
made our way mw delta m “The space and perhaps more the readClea! Blue Heap,” our Nebraska Iers This is not the purpose bl
license plates obviously aware“! 'this article as 1 am sure the 5&1;
After reading 101- weeks about
julie violence in delta. Alabama
lone is associated by its forward
 
sing under the burden of a oi early days events. It is hoped,
thousand pounds of food gatheredlinsread char this effort might in
country by Catholic Jewish and some small way “sell” the idea
1P1 otestam groups In Chicago- lol given a pan of your life to the
We were able to make u safely Cause for human density.
in Brown's Chapel and upload the After graduation in June, event
load which was used in feed turn» to work as a social worker in a
dies and demonstration, residential treatment center full
We were not even finished usr continually disturbed children.
loading when “Jim” asked if we Unfortunately this facility was
had a place [0 stay. He replied to forced lo close December 15th due
,our negative answer by investing‘to lack of funds. 1 found 1 could
‘that we be his guests and imme- make more money driving a
timer processed to lake us ro truck than as a lab technician or
his home There Jim's wife and teacher and therefore be able (0
two daughters beautifully fell over start med school corner. SD 1 be
one another trying [0 make us came the only delivery boy in [he
colnfoi'.table It seemed however lclty of Chicago with a college dollar the family income of $750 a free The Idea of a trip :0 delta
week dd not keep the partly full lwas born out or arbitration and
so we processed to go grocery seller meaning'express of leading
shopping. my time for dollars. SD i quit my
While we were gone 350 lemon» job and called Roger Eldridge
senators had been arrested for" The plan was to load the mud
searching l0 the mayor’s house,‘guru number or interested 61 n
‘and me area had been sealed off. ,‘ williams iso my 1953 Pontiac originally the blocking was filled , tion wagon and go to delta. when
 
‘and we were able in delhi'ii lo llie mil‘let'ln example and apillllv plan
The Springs 0f the real) were 53% reporters gave through accounts,
l
 
lseemingly prohibited this.
‘ lives
used to paul a thousand pounds of
food.
The meaningfulness and sense
oi accomplishment experienced
during those four days far out»
which that of the previous ten
pumps us‘ a Grinnell graduate.
Last June 1 had seriously considered working full time in the
movement but $3500 in education
loans and personal commitments
II the
decision were mine to make again,
there is little doubt but that I
would be in Alabama today.
So as an olympus who has experienced the work day world
and the feeling of being a very
small part of the Civil rlElllS
movement. 1 appeal to Gilnnell
‘students to give serious consider
allow to giving a part. at their
to [his Worthwhile and
meallingtul cause. Whether for a
week, a summer, a year, or more,
your contribution to the struggle
for human density Will give you
a sense at accomplishment not altalnable in other pursuant regardless of how glamorous or matter
rally regarding they might be.
The battle of delta is far from
won. When the voting hill passes,
the serious task of registration remains, For that reason, there will
be summer projects in delta and
throughout the South this smaller, Work is noW being done in
the planning and organization of
this project and thousands of cold
legs students are needed. It is mv
hope that many Grinnell residents
will seriously consider giving up
a year of their time not "1 me
pursuit of fame and fortune but
in the pursuit of the eventual development uf justice for all men.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page "in.
 
Coed Reports from Morgan State
Institute for Political Education
To the Editor:
Many Grinnellians are spyware ol the unique institute
for Political Education at for»
can State College in Baltimo e,
Maryland, where I am a v' king scholar {mm Grinnell this
year.
The Institute for Political
Education attempts to interest
the Morgan campus, which is
predominantly metro, and the
community in practical politics.
Twenty Institute scholars, including tour oi us visiting from
other schools, participate intent
lovely in the program for one
year. All of us receive Ford
Foundation scholarships.
in our regular workshops
lasting two hours every Tuesday afternoon we discuss tops
its ranging from political boss»
ibm to national elections, and
always device some time to the
potential question “What has
happened of political signifir
dance since last We met?” Individual assignments take one
hour each week and often cons
list oi shipping newspapers, In
addition, We have been to
Washington and Annapolis (the
capital of Maryland), lectures
at public schools, worked nursing the election, and helped plan
other Institute programs.
Campus activities oi the institute this year have included a
rock Presidential election, a
presidential election prediction
contest, a political birthday
party for
voting age in 1965, and speak
or: including Nicholas patient
back, Carl woman, and the two
Senatorial candidates in the
last election from Maryland.
The Morgan community,
spread Out over Baltimore be
cause about 2/3 of the approximately 3,000 students compute,
is hetereogeneous, Morgan students are often older than Grinnell students, Many of them
have been in the service, or
have worked before coming to
college. They come from various solid-economic classes, and
many of them come from over
seas.
Race, as at Grinnell recently
(according to the many letters
and articles in the SEKB devoted to it), is often a topic of
conversation, posting up in
classes. in the content, in the ‘
forms, virtually any time or
place, Sometimes the question
seem to be delivered all nauseuni (“If only . , ."), but a
problem Can’t be solved by formatting about it, and this problem certainly can’t be forgotten
at a predominantly metro college.
As a white student here I’ve
had no automatic problems, but
We were scvhRYlNG along birth
Amino not long ago and noticed who
favor Plan, an create and anti.
qnaied file of ﬁn de circle contact.
n i! going to be blocked down. in
in plus. will rim a General solar:
counting llousLL Th- Joiniron Adi-niniriraiinn wants to encourage your.
iron m the United soil“ to help
out [cayman-ll: problems, We suggest
ii slovak: site
America Bad
for. Wu check
kn
For a in. new at iii.
ennsai Irma of was
IiONAL arvtrw. m.
l) near, (ti-E, iso e,
:5 his N. v. l6, N. r.
everyone reaching,
 
I can't say that I haven’t gone
through some changes. No
amount of open - wilderness
could prevent my feeling a bit
self-conscious. at first, of my
high social visibility. But after
a short while I became so used
to it that on my first experiences in predominantly white
groups I could not help but
think of Howard Zinn’s comment: “My God, What are all
these white people
back and forth almost unconscious of skin color.
Through my experiences
here as a visiting scholar with
the Institute for Political Edu-
nation, l have gained not only-
a deeper understanding of the
racial situation in America, but
also some insight into practical
politics, and spent a productive
and worthwhile year.
Susan soldiers, ’66
Morgan State College
Baltimore, Maryland
doingi
here?“ By now, I can model
To the Editor:
With all the recent construction
of new buildings and facilities at
.Grinnell College, it is amazing to
‘me that the old white building
and its enclosed swimming pool
remains in existence. The pool
was built as years ago by the
United States Army as a temporary structure in order to train
soldiers.
Having been a member of the
iGrinnell swim team, I remember
the pool's “all or nothing” heating with temperatures either on
or 100. I remember the quality of
the pregnant air in the “white
house” with 100 per cent humidity and the choosing odor, I remember the stainless on the sales
or my tea: team the bleacher area
floors i remember the created
shower rooms and dressing areas
With no locked facilities. I remedy
her the walls with the paint feel—
ing not irnm the humidity i re
member the plastic storm windows flashing closely allowing the
cold wind to shuttle through the
building. With these thoughts fingering in my mind, i recently visA
 
 
For All Your
PASTRY NEEDS
an ata/world,
DANlSH MAID
 
 
 
that é
, oil-beat,
widely empirical proof
 
chance
and scientists can
be fun!
with only the best lr
om
THE WURM RUNNER’S DIGEST
Edited by
James V. McConnell,
University of Michigan
A
A
Discover what happens to a
ooiiioiiisoiy until‘auction by
Rl'llllR KOESTLER
Tsetse Fly's love life after a
pre~rental lobutomy...how the capital status of a
secretary aspects the productivity of a research tab.
This collection of many scienceﬁo sports will be welcomed
by the thousands who enjoyed A class ANALvsis or It
SrnAPLEss Evrumo down.
, $3.95 at all bookstores
or Dept, 505
PRENTlCE—HALL, IND.
Englewnnll aliﬂi, N. J.
r
Suggests Trustees Go jump in Pool
I would like to urge the alumni
and trustees to take a swim in
the Grinnell pool on shell‘ next
item the Grinnell campus and had trip to the otherwise beautiful
these memories reintorced with campus.
reality,
James U. Adelmnu ’M
 
PIERCED EARRINGS
Large Selection Now in
frames Jewelry
Your Keepsake Distributor
Corner of
BROAD AND FOURTH
 
DIAMOND RINGS
True artistic is expressed in the brilliant
fashion selling of every Keepsake diamond engagement ring, Each setting is a marketplace 0!
design, reflection the full compliance and beauty
of the center diamond.“ a perfect gem of ﬂaw-
less clarity, ﬁne color and meticulous modern cut.
The name, Keepsake, in the ring and on the
tag is your assurance of fine quality and lasting
satisfaction. Your very personal Keepsake is
training your selection at you:
Keepsake Iewelers store. Find
him in the yellow pages under
“Jewelers." Prices from $100
to $2500. Rings enhanced to
show beauty of detail.®Trademark ragisteretl.
und'io PLAN hills ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDlNG
Please send new ZO-page too :1, "How To Plan
your Engagement and Wedd‘ and new iz-not.
full color folder, both for only 25': New, semi
special offer oi beautiful 4W ends: Bank.
large____————-———I-
city,_____———-co__~.st<n
.eieeevmsesttiaiseeem.“
 
 
Page Four
Two Musical Recitals
Planned This Sunday
Two Grinnell sophomores will
present a student decimal Sunday
at 3 pm. in Roberts Theatre.
Jamie seller, soprano, and Ann
Thompson, spanish, will present
tour groups at selections.
Among Miss seller's numbers
will be two areas from Mozart’s
“The Marriage of Figaro,” four
Schubert songs, and “Vissi de
’arts” arm fucking’s “costa.”
Miss Thompson will play each’s
Scheatfer Gallery
Features Faculty
Now on exhibit in Scheatter cal—
very are 21 paintings and structures by Richard service (art)
and Louis circle (art).
service is showing 12 oils on desired canvas he painted while on
sabbatical leave in Mexico last
year.
circle is exhibition nine sculpe
turns —— eight in bronze and one
in copper. He has completed all
within the last two years.
All 21 pieces are being shown for
the first time. The exhibit will
continue through April 28.
 
“English Suite in A Minor."
SARAH LAWRENCE COLLEGE
SUMMER SCHOOL IN:
FRANCE _ From June 20 to July so in Part. at the Cite
Universitsiro. a center for students brown all parts or the
World. in addition to tire courses taught in previous years.
we are also offering an advanced literature course conducted entirely in French and an intenseﬁed language
program at all levels. Other courses taught in English and
centered on Modern France _ literature, art. and photos-
apply.
Board, mom. tuition, and two extensions .
700.00
For information and applications write: SUMMER 5555 s
SAIAH LAWRENCE colLEGE
IRONxvluz. NEW YORK
DEADLINE cars: my I, ms
GREEK TOUR — Alto inquire about the tour of Greece
and the Greek Islands following the summer sessions -
July 3l/August l3.
Leaving by ship from Venice
$350.00
SCARLET 'AND BLACK
%
Friday, April ‘7, WA!
title. left. and Richard percent View their works.
 
Stay in Europe
Lengthened by NSA
A new departure date for the
NSA night to Europe was and
founded by George Wittgrat, NSA
coordinator. The plane will now
leave on June 8, extending the
tour to days.
The date of return is still August
16 and the price of a round-trip ticket is $325. Wittgraft is accepting
 
reservations.
mlulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllIIIllllIIIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Graham Receives One-Year Appointment
To Brookhaven laboratory, Long Island
Benjamin Graham, Jr, (biology)
has received a one-year appointment as a visiting biologist at
Brookhaven National Laboratory,
epson, Long island, New York.
Graham, who will be on sabbatical leave from Grit-mall, will do
research work with the Environmental Biology Group at Brook-
Step Up -To
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—at my, ltiuirr, ortnneli
 
haven starting about September 1.
His research will concern the
harmful and beneficial effects of
radiation on the growth and development of trees, and will relate
to continuing work at the Brookhaven “Gamma Forest,” which is
designed to show the importance
of ionizing radiation as an environmental factor.
Washington Semester
Grinnell students are eligible
to spend the first semester or
their junior year participating
in a Washington Semester program at American University
in Washington, D. c.
The program involves regular classes at the university a!
well as a research project in
some phase of government and
politics, chosen by the students.
Students also participate in a
special seminar which enables
them to discuss issues with
key government officials.
Current sophomores interested in the program for next fall
should see James pages (pm
optical science) before April 16.
 
lllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllll
cal/c you over questioned whether there
war a BEST time to start rating? it you
have. you probably still haven't answered
the question to your satisfaction.
But there is an answer — it's RlGHT
NOW. There is no better time to start
saving your money than this very moment. And once you right the savings
cabin. you will be pleased at how test
your saying: grow at Grinnell Federal
Savings and Loan Association — at the
current rate at 4 PER CENT.
Whatever your reason for saving. you
won't find a better place than Grinnell
Federal. Your money is safe. insured by
an agency at the federal government: it'r
readily available when you need it: and it
cams big residents.
Money saved by April 12 cards from the let
Grinnell Federal - Savings
1025 Main Street I Grinnell, Iowa 0 Phone 515 236-3121
and Loan
Association
lllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll‘lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllFr
 
ARHVANO'S
PIZZA
chicken — sandwiches — pizza
FREE DELIVERY
5:30 - lroo
Guaranteed the hottest delivering in
town by our all new warming equipment
IE 5-6122 — IN THE BOWLADROM!
 
Friday. 'April 9, I965
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page hiv-
 
lite at LeMoyne Gets Comment
From Grinnell Exchange Students
By Mike Fort and
Jim Stephens
As exchange students at Lee
gonna this semester, we‘re of
course interested in the war
for civil rights, specially being wages both in delta and
in the 5&3. We, like everyone
else, believe we have all answers to the problems at hand
and wish to offer our services.
The “cook’s tour” offered by
our associate didn’t seem to
french any insatiable‘similarly authorities, so we decided to
pick up where the cook’s tour
left off.
To see LeMoyne in 6% minutes is just that: to see LeMoyne and not understand anything about the college. it is
possible to see Memphis in
three hours or to see the en—
tire breasts of the United
States in 10 hours.
LeMoyne is more than 6V2
minutes; It is people, dedicated
people, therapy people, striking
people, mistress people, helpful
Sociology Society
Meets at Grinnell
The Iowa Sociological Society,
an informal organization of Iowa
sociology students and processors,
met yesterday at Grinnell College.
Lathrop deals (sociology) ls secretary of the society and was 1:»
cat arrangements chairman.
Margaret Maycda, Grinnell sociology major, presented a paper
on “Homicide as a Cultural Concept,” one of I5 student papers
read, Leading the reading and
discussion sections were Sally
Wolf, Mac Marshall, Gretchen
speaker, and Barbara Hunt, all
senior sociology and anthropology
motors never
Approximately 150 students and
25 faculty members from Iowa
colleges and universities attended
the day-long meeting, which included reading and discussion of
student papers, employment in—
services, and an address on Current personal research by Edgar
Borgatta, chairman of the report.
ment of sociology at the University of Wisconsin.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Exo mixed
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
 
people. It is Memphis, the gateway to the South, and a leader in the civil rights struggle
for the entire Mid-South areas
LeMoyne is located in a
neighborhood which has, in
years past, known violence as
its only law. Across the street
in front of the school is a got»
element housing project which
replaced the poverty of an
earlier slim. Directly behind
the school is a poverty strictly
housing area which is being
considered for Improvement by
the housing authority. In this
setting, LeMoyne represents
the touch of hope for many
students in a world in which a
college education is becoming
a requirement for any person.
The majority of LeMoynltes
are struggling toward against
their impoverished way of life
Ask a LeMoyne student why
he is here and he will reply
that he could not afford to go
anywhere else. Ask him why he
did not go to Memphis State.
a large state university which
was recently integrated and
which is less expensive, and he
will say that LeMoyne is a
better school, which is true,
The LeMoyne faculty is young,
dedicated, and burning with
the desire to help all their students find opportunities for advancement and success.
What about the students?
There is not the academic
orientation here that exists at
Grinnell. The emphasis here is
more practicall Included in the
curriculum is a program that
allows the student to take education courses which certain
LEMOYNE—
(Continued on Page 6)
JAN HOLTON. '58
 
Rockwood Receives
High ROTC Award
Stephen Rockwood, a Grinnell
senior, has been selected as one
of eight Air Force Reserve one
her Training Corps cadets in the
country to receive the Air Force
automation’s “Outstanding janet”
awards
The “Outstanding janet"
awards will be made April 14 at
the Arnold Air Society’s national
conclude at the operator-Park Hotel in Washington, D.C.
Secretary of the Air Force
Eugene M. Zuckert will deliver
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STEVE ROCKWOOD
the main address at the awards
bouquet, Attending will he leaders
from Congress, the Department of
Education, the space program,
and the Air Force, including Gen.
Thomas 5. Power (net), former
commander of the Strategic Air
Command. He will receive the
H. H. Amold award for military
achievements
Aiso attending will be more than
1,500 Air Force ROTC cadets
from 165 colleges and universities.
1 5X7 lioraoyareirirnenai
 
Campus Individualism Seen as
Negative Rather than Positive
To the editors
Recent events would seem to
declare a sleeping victory for
the cause of “individualism” on
the Grinnell campus. In €87
sense, this philosophy seems
to state that we are each unique
individuals with unique interests and needs. Since this is so,
the most desirable atmosphere
for campus living is one which
allows each to pursue his own
interests and satisfy his desired
in the manner which best suits‘
his personality, providing, of
course, in doing so he does not
interface with the rights of others.
There are several elements
in this philosophy which are
deeply discussing. In adoption
such a philosophy, it would
seem that in reality what is occurring is an medication of the
responsibility of concern for
one’s fellow student.
I do not believe that an individual’s concern for the following of another individual will
disappearl Rather, it would
seem that we are sending any
collective concern or responsibilit for the well-being of an
individual as a member of a
common community Grinnell
individualism seems to be nothing more than ago-contrast un»
der an acceptable name.
This all seems rather erotic
when it is placed in the context in the recent racial crisis in delta, in which all have
declared their common concern for the rights and following of individuals far removed from our community,
and from our daily lives
The second element which
pictures me is the theme of
“individual freedom” which is
explicit in this new philosophy.
 
This theme could certainly not
be called a new one. However,
Grinnell, as usual, has given
a different plant to it. We seem
to be constantly demanding a
kind of freedom which is “freedom from" - freedom from
rules and restrictions, freedom
from demands, freedom from
responsibility.
My connection of true freedom, that which cannon be denied, must be “freedom to”
and must be accompanied by
a high degree of personal responsibility.
Thus it would seem to me
that the philosophy of “individualism" at Grinnell is essentially negative rather man positive
This is not the Grinnell to
which I came as a freshman
Were I a prospective fresh»
man now, I am not sure I would
come.
Carol Yenawlne
Political Selection
Studies polyester
“The polyester paper," n
newly published book focusing
on the rise and fall of the polyester movement, has been se—
listed as the April-May PPPE
Book-of-the»Month.
This lighter and highway Written (182 pages) volume is a
compilation of articles by
Richard covers, published in
the New worker magazine over
the period from 1960 to the
presidential election last November.
The text is supplemental by
the drawings of _Bill Mauldin,
political cartoonist
SPRING SPECIAL
To Grinnell College Students
From a Complete Selection
of troops We Wilquke
1 5X7 iforMoerDadl
6 Billfold Prin‘l‘s
All for only
$12.95
, WELL
HOUSE STUDIO
Across from the Post Office
Phone 6-4267
 
big. Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 9. ms
 
Meyer published in Book, Magazines;
analyses Open Stage of Conference
“After the Fall:
promote Director's Notebook," the New Playwright." at the
an article written by Richardlrecent convention of the Speech
Meyer (speech and theater)appreciation of America held in
and Mrs Meyer, appears as alClIICago and will present anothehnpter in ”Theatre: Volume 9!" Papa“ “A cmcalnAMIY'
ll ,, polished March 15 SIS of Roberts Theatre, at the
' P , . , Conference on Theatre Archi-
The ”“015 was 50mm? lecture to be held in May by the
signed by the Lincoln centered, 5. Institute for Theatre
directory Theatre, New York,terminology. The latter paper,
at the request oi Elia Kazanl‘virhicgi deicribesfadvantaeg‘estgrgi:
. . . Isa van ages 0 an Op 5
éasset‘iMr‘iii; ii‘i‘éiiif’oiliiiilr musicians Will be auction of the theatre during shell'mg.d ‘“ lgefgnference PW
1963-“ academic year. The”ee ”‘gs' ‘
book is the 1964 report of the
Lincoln Center directory Theatre,
Meyer has also gathered “The
Paradox of Gordon Craig,” an
article which appeared in thewinter, 1965, issue of ”Western
Humanities Review."
In addition, he presented a
Make your car feel like new
With a Tune-Up
Chapel
Hollis Price, president or
penn, will speak at College
chapel at 11 am. Sunday in
service Chapel.
 
AVA
STAN DA R D
‘all’
A Viewjpapetx “The Open Stage and,
LeMoyne College, Memphis, ‘
1} LeMoyne
(Continued horn Page 5)
him to teach on the elementary
and secondary levels. The reasons for this emphasis on teach
ing is twoiolo; it is one of the
few areas other than manual
open to degrees; and there is
a trying need for teachers for
it is education which provides
the key to the solution or most
at the major problems contracting the metro.
Walking across campus we
are created by skills, the me
qualities or verbal greeting,
quick oi conversation, jokes,
and daughter. Sometimes there
is only the side of a face and
eyes that store straight ahead
as a body passes, but this is
,no different from Grinneil, is
‘ it?
It is charitable at one time
or another during the day, for
most students to spend some
_time in the Commons, This is
the meeting place of the campus and really the only place on
campus ioninlormal social activity. The june box is going
so loud you can’t hear yourself think—the jerk, the twice,
Sam books, the limitations,
l the Supremes.
,did of conversation competing
lwlllt the music, smoke filled
hair, pop bottles and empty
blood Li'ass left standing on
i every table. On Tuesday noon:
1 a student group relating the Asicots performs, to the disney
lOl’ those who have classes our-
 
labor and service jobs which IS‘
. . . dancing, a‘
 
ing this time, The room is}
packed and the crowd response
to the changing and the rhythm
of the condos, sex, and guitar,
is a spine handling experience
Rhythm, rhythm, rhythm. _ .
The gym is a popular retreat
after classes — dance groups,
ping long, swimming and. of
course. basketball. As long as
you win you keep playing and
the opposition estates; perhaps
this says something about life
in general.
(Ed. note: The second part
or this report will appear in
next Week’s 8&3.)
) coleman
(Continued from Page I)
various Circle." The practical
effect is less income for all,
he said.
If this various circle continues, coleman forests discussing consequences. He quoted
runner Myrdal, Swedish ecOIIA
finish, who states: “The eco—
comic evaluation during the
'505 is managing for metro
advancement. It it continues.
arbitration and turmoil may
trust." coleman held that this
economic trend is continuing.
 
MothWaIering PIZZA
From
DENG'S
Don't forget those SUBMARINES
on Mon. and Wed.
FREE DELIVERY
Nine ._. 9-12 pm
 
stickers, billy Wayr,
Three Musketeers
Io Park special 36‘
KOOL CUSHIONS
For the Car
Gibson'
37.95
DISCOUNT CENTER
MARS CANDY BARS GRUEN WATCHES
l7 levels — Unbreakable Mainspring
19.11 in, Tax
5 Price
value
TOPP STARLINE
WATCH BANDS
gardens neil NEVER
PAY RETAIL !
STORE
HOURS:
Gibson's
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
'm an Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
9 an to 9 pan. Friday
7 run. to 8 p.m. Mom. Tues.
Wed., hours. Sat.
A SUPER VALUE
3 PAIR OF SEAMLESS NYLON
Price 9 1‘
TAMPAX 40's
1.59 value
Regular and Super
99‘
1.41 an
BUFFERIN 100's
$1.29 Value 99‘
PERSONNA INJECTOR
STAINLESS BLADES
93: Value 69'
BIG Iz-oz.
BRXHIEEEM BAG PUPBORN
49¢ 31¢
77‘ - s1.4-7 was in
TOP 30 45 RPM RECORDS
TOP 10 45 RPM WESTERNS
71‘ A! Gibson's
T IPTOP COLGATE
Brush sellers TOOTHPASTE
slow 44¢ 75:: 46¢
value value
SOFTEX FACIAL TISSUES
5 Boxes For 95‘
NORWICH ASPIRIN
16‘
SCHICK STAINLESS
DOUBLE EDGED BLADES
42"
TONI HOME PERMANENT
$1.14
100‘s
4% value
799 value
Regular
23$ value
 
Friday. April 9, I965
ticket Expliculesv
diet Nam Situation
To the Editor:
It is instruction to note how
the roots of American policy
in diet Nam lie deep in the
mathematical period of Ameri—
can antircommunist criteria
and of Jvhn Foster pulled’
"brinksmanship" foreign policy. Several of the characterise
tie approaches of the Johnson
administration to the war in
diet Nam may be found in the
United States' response to the
undo-China crisis in 1954 and
immediately following the conclusion of the admission nego»
platforms in Geneva in July. 1954.
The coming theory of mar
nudist expansion was current
at the time in its familiar role
as a certification for preupitste action undertaken with minor regard for the principles of
international law and of the
United Nations charter. What
adjusted to “aggressive" was
detected, too, in forms exceed»
italy resistant to documented
tion: the French officially denied that assistance from China played a signsﬁcant part in
the victorian of the diet Minh.
The depending fall of Dienbienphu looked a number of dear
senate proposals from important members of Eisenhower’s
administration, one of the most
reprehensible of which was the
proposal that Dienbienphu be
linked with “baby Arbombs."
optimize about the future of
French colonialism in the area
was not packing, Two months
before the fall of Dienbienphu.
Admiral Radiotd, Chairman of
the Joint briefs of Staff, was
replacing "The French are g0mg to win this war," in addition, predictions, to characteristic the war as a fight against
“Communist aggressive."
The Geneva logistics. concluded in July, 1954, soon alter
the disastrous defeat at Dienbienphu split diet Nam roughly along the 17th parallel, rec—
ignored the diet Minh as the
government of North diet Nam,
and called [or elections in 1956
in determine the government
of a united Viei Nam.
The G e n av a Agreement
marked a change in American
tactics. if not ln aims. Anti-
(ommunism could no longer
assume the form of support for
French colonialism; in fact, the
new French government of
Pierre gender , France felt
American intranSigence to be,
a threat L0 the state nation of‘
Memorial diff
For Miss coleman
A donation to the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in the
memory or former Grilmell student
Jackie coleman was made last?
week by her parents. according mi
Roger Eldridge, college chaplain.‘
Miss coleman was killed last November 13th in a carrbicycle accident.
Miss coleman's parents made:
the contribution saying “she would‘
have wanted to contribute. She was
so passionately interested and ac.
ave in human rights and would
 
have been with the other kids in‘
Des holmes demonstration.”
the diet Nam situation. Ameri»
can policy endangered the selection of a certain ago Dinh
Diem as Premier. Diem left
the inclusion of a lesbian Catholic ministers to assume his
post. Diem recommended himself highly as a man who could
be relief upon to resist the
commitment to hold elections
in 1956. He did not prove a disappointment on that score.
in reducing to sign the Geneva Agreement, the United
States opened for itself the possibility of taking up the situation Where the French left Off.
The position could only be at
practice to those who had not
learned the lessons of the
French defeat: that as a pre—
requiring for a continuing influence on Southeast Asian affairs,
the United States must recognize the force and appeal of the
revolutionary n a t i o n plastic
trend which is sleeping the
area.
Nicholas ticket!
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Tennis Team Awaits Season Opening;
Five Returning trailers Lead Squad
By Ken Clymer
Despite the late spring, the
Grinnell variety tennis team
Page Seven ‘
other teams in the Midwest
Conference were in the same
unavailable situation,
couples teams have not yet
been announced. Possible you-
, hle teams, however, may be
‘22; 5311, me“ “we“ 51mm Larry Shannon and Ken Clymer
p to the team. . .
The team has been working at hrs! douglas with-Bob porn-
_ held and Mike Greenheld at seen
should he in fair condition form“ ‘“ party 35”“ ’0’ the Pascl 0nd doublesv Last season.
. several weeks, and this week-Shannon tested with Kornfeld
themes'MtPh“ mm.“ "35°“ has been able to get outside and Clymer with Greenfield,
Ltd by 59“” ”PW“ 17“” for the first time. Gn'shell can but neither team did well in the
Sham“ ”‘5 name“ “’1“ be take comfort in the fact that all conference tournament.
TASTY PASTRY SHOP
ever next Tuesday in sales»
a variety
 
burns Meets scheduled for this
weekend in Northiield were cancelled due to snow _
Although the nutten finished
a poor fifth last season, coach
irc Simone can expect an im—
proved team this year since
none 0! the players graduated,
Shannon will be backed by Ken
Clymer, Bob Komfeld, and
Mike Greenfield, all returning
batteries. In addition, up and
coming sophomores Chip win-
of daughters
and cookies
 
at your automobile Dealer’s!
will (Mimi
Can-mill-
 
Get blessed relief with
a Value-Rated Used Car
0 Best buys of all are under the VilluerRaled Used Car
sign a M lay latennorlel, liliedlew trades 0 Many still under
new-our guul‘lllllee o All sites, all makes, all body styles 0
All ai enoyrioriake prices 0 So what are you waiting for?
A 91 week :ll"? See your local Oitisnmbile Quality Dealer now!
 
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 9. H765
 
Pioneers Hope For Strong Season
As Veteran Team Awaits opened
Coach John deutsch is relatively
optimistic this year about the variety baseball team with much of
list year‘s team back and a couple good sophomores and a transfer coming in to till some gaps. He
feels that every position on the
team this year is stronger than
last year except possibly matching,
which is at least as good.
deutsch is Confident the hitting
will improve to cover up the very
weak spot of last year’s team. The
top two letters, Nick songs and
Dick Ulrich, are back to lead the
way. deutsch is hoping that several players, like John threshold,
Dave Synhorst, and Barry Anderson. who showed signs of becoming good letters last year, will develop this year. Phtseh also likes
the idea of having three lefthanded letters in the linear, which
he will have this year. These are
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the casioﬂsee
GRINNELL. IOWA
sophomore Bob seller (who hit
over .500 for the trash last year
and will play first base), sophomore Dave Schatz, and junior
transfer Gary Wilson in the out-
ﬁend.
The matching should be Strong
this year if the three top sellers
can recover from pre-season injuries that have limited their practice. Dennis Hanssen and Barry
Anderson are the top two teachers
for the Pioneers, Anderson seems
ready to go, although a shoulder
injury could slow him down. Hanssen, who injured his knee in in—
tramadol basketball, should be
ready about next weekend. Steve
billy, who also plays photoshop, is
the third kitchen but has been un—
der orthodontic care and has proc-
(iced very little. Dave Schatz, the
left-handed outfielder, was granted
 
for the matching corps in case the
top three can not perform,
One of last year's defensive
businesses should he improved,
The Pioneers have two strong
teachers, a ﬁrss bahamas, and two
outfielders at least as good as
last year's counterparts, while the
rest of the team is returning.
deutsch thinks that [Joe and Knox
are potentially the best teams in
the southern division of the Midwest Conference. joe looks like the
top club with many returning plays
era plus an excellent group of
sophomores. Cornell will also be
strong, so there should be a tough
battle for the loop crown
Pﬁtech is hoping to start the
season this Saturday against Knox
at home with Barry Anderson on
the found. deutsch is also hoping
this team matches and gets into
the race for the league championship
 
Grinnell's 1965 track, baseball.
golf, and tennis schedules have
been announced by John deutsch,
director of intercollegiate ashley»
its.
Baseball will continue through
lMay 15 and jul include 14 contests, 6 of them at home.
The schedules are:
i TRACK ~—< April 10, Cornell Re-
‘days at Mount Vernon; April 13,
Central at Grinnell; April 17, Dickinson delays at Cedar Falls; April
23,24, brake delays at Des
points; April 27, State College of
iowa at Grinnell; May 1, Grace-
‘land delays at Lamoni; May 4,
the and Cornell at Mount Vernon;
May 8, Elmhurst delays at Elmhurst, 111; May 14-15, Midwest
Conference Meet at Galesburg,
I Ill.
BASEBALL — April 7, Central
at cells; April ll), Knox at Grin-
 
 
JOHNSON
BABY OIL
FOR SUN‘I’AN
44‘
LISTERINE
ANTISEPTIC
DIAL 236-3l5l D R
Us
827 -4TH AVE
GRINNELL'S BUSIEST DRUG STORE
Spring Sports Schedule
neil; April 17, plymouth (2) at
Grinneil; April :0, Cornell (2) at
Mount Vernon; April 22, Simpson
at Grinnell; April 27, joe (2) at
Cedar Rapids: April 30, plymouth
at plymouth, all.; May 1, Knox
(2) at Galesburg, ill; May 4, Cornell at Grinnell; May 12, joe at
Grinnell.
GOLF — April 10, Knox and
plymouth at Galesburg, 111.: April
13, iowa State at Grinnell; April
23, brake at DES points; April Z7,
joe at Cedar Rapids; April 30,
Beloit at Grinnell; May 1, Carleton and brake at Grinnell; May 4.
Cornell at Grinnell; May a. St.
Olaf at Northlield, Minn: May
14-15, Midwest Conference Meet
at calendars, Ill,
TENNIS — April 9, St. Olaf at
northwest, Minn.; April 10, Carleton at Northlield, Minn; April 13.
Knox at Galesburg, 111.; April 21,
joe at Grinnell; April 23, Mon—
mouth at Grinnell; April 27, Iowa
State at Gl'innell; May 1, simon
and Lawrence at Grinnell; May
6. Cornell at Mount Vernon; May
14-15, Midwest Conference Meet
at plymouth, lIL
 
F
By Steve Casey
Now that spring has hopefully come to the Grinnell campus, it is time to turn our thoughts to the outdoor sports—
tennis, golf, track, and baseball. After a somewhat disappointing winter season, the Pioneers seem ready to tear the Midwest Conference apart with veteran teams returning in all
s arts.
D Major disappointments were seen in all the winter sports.
At party the thin traveling corps was hurt by several injuries—the most harmful of all to captain Larry Miller who
had to give up his chance to become a three-year conference
champion. Also in party, where the computers were suffering
through what must be called a responding year, the Pioneers
saw a record number of points swiss through the basket but
unfortunately nearly a record number of losses were registered on the scoreboard. ’
Also over at the swimming pool the fans created out the
meets in two waysimentally as they watched the german
battle for a victory, and physically as they sat in this steam
house But the fans temporarily forgot these adverse coin
options as they saw anchor man Tony norton middle his way
to an apparent Victory over Cornell in the last race to give the
Pioneers an interested season—only to find out a couple minutes later that the Pioneer team was disabilities and Cornell
searched away the perfect season.
But now the winter season can be forgotten as we look
towards the promising spring season. First of all the track
team looks ready to place high in the conference with the
indoor championship already under its belt,
The baseball team had only a 4-7 conference record
last year but two of the top three teachers and the top three
letters are returning to show they should not be regarded lighter this year.
The tennis team had a fair 5-4 record last year but the
whole squad is returning so the nutten are definitely in the
running for the conference crown. The holders are also of
championship culture. The linksnlen have their two top men
and several others back from the team that had an excellent
7-1 record,
Of course, having key batteries back does not assure
a charitable season~but it sure is a good start. The Pioneers
are definitely due to break out and take a couple championships and this looks like a ripe time to do its
 
Headquarters for
APPAREL
GRINNELL
3W4 ciiilplimenltll
on tile TIE
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
 
PEPSI-
 
you’re is!
wearing.
353%
m
an
ERNST}
via'
PPESTONS
m-
"MARI'Y. CHURCH, drop."
COLA
 
 
