oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXII
Grinnell. Iowa. Friday, January a, l965
No. I}
Off-campus Residence to Close;
Dean sites Economy, Life Style
By Jim Herzog
Grinnell‘s Dean of Men, S.
Eugene Thompson, has announced that a men’s offscamp—
us house will be closed as a
residence effective during the
college’s interim session and
that the nine male residents of
the house will be required to
move into vacant rooms on
North Campus.
in making the move, Thompson said, “The house is being
closed for reasons that are
partly economic and partly
matters of good student affairs administration.” He cited
the houses distance from the
campus and its difficulties in
“maintaining a wholly desirable style of life" as two reasons for moving the nine sen<
for and junior men back on
campus.
The off-campus residence is
located at 1019 Park Street,
which is half a block south of
Grinnell‘s Fine Arts Center.
Like Grinnell’s three women's
and other men's off-campus
references, the house is a generated private home. This is
the fourth year that this house
has been used as a men's directory.
Thompson said that the de
vision to close the off-campus
was his, and was made in consultation with the business office and the acting president of
the college,
commentary on the decision.
Thompson said the move was
a case Of “institutional necessity," as “there are empty
spaces on North Campus, and
it’s thought to be good management to move students there."
He said, “The whole idea of
residence calls is complicated
by off-campus houses,” but an
“overview” device must be
 
used to take care of over-admission.
Thompson also said that the
change does not indicate a
move to eliminate off-campus
houses nor does it mean that
the nine men were not “taking
case of their business."
He did, however, cite two reports of rules being broken at
roll) Park Street as factors in
the decision, He said a girl had
been seen leaving the house after women’s hours and that
once the lounge had been badly missed up.
The chairman of 1019 Park
Street. Jack Hurwitz, called the
decision affair, saying “If the
* ‘k *
excuse or reason about style
of life were real, we should
have been warned first."
Said Hurwitz, "Everything
seemed to be taking place behind our banks, and we were
never sure whether the idea to
move us out of Park Street was
ﬁspecial or whether he
(Thompson) just wanted to
close up the campus. We still
don’t know whether the financial reasons were a subterfuge."
Hurwitz also said that the
girl seen leaving the Park
Street residence after hours
was the wife of a Grinnell
senior.
*
‘k *
House Closed: Room Painted by 8&6;
Interior generation Back to normally
When college officials lock
up 1019 Park Street, closing it
as a residence hall. one room ,
in it will have a fresh coat of
paint.
A semester-long battle between students, letter writers,
and Buildings and Grounds
over room recruiting, received
a fresh touch during Christa
mas access when Buildings and
Grounds appointed a room in
1019 Park Street.
The recruiting struggle began in the fall when student
Tom narrow, approved by the
pink floral design of his room’s
wallpaper, painted his room
light gray, his ceiling british
blue, and the doors and radiation black.
Equally approved by narrow’s capacity, the head of
Buildings and Grounds, Evan
H. garden, had his organization reprint the room in the
 
Quad Sunday
Sunday there
Quadrangle dining room, according to Dean of Women
Jean Slocum.
A change in the breakfast
schedule to go into effect Sunday was also announced.
Breakfast will be served in the
Quadrangle dining room from
3:30 to 9:00 am on Sunday
earnings, thus shortening the
serving period by l5 minutes.
A type of continuous table
service for noon meals from
12:00 noon to 1:00 pm. will be
thing to Alter
To Restaurant-style Service
Starting this
will be a change in the Sunday
meal schedule and the style of
the Sunday noon service in the
initiated as an experiment, A
hostels will great tableesized
groups of ten people when they
are gathered and show them to
a prefer table. The table will
be served in the traditional
family style.
When everyone at the table
has finished eating, they will
be focused, and then the table
will be re-set for the next group.
There will be no changes
from the traditional dress for
Sunday sit~down dinner. Skirt
and greater or dress will be re—
quoted for women, and coat
and tie will be required for
men.
 
soon-to-developed house bone
white,
The bill for the recruiting
will be over $40, and narrow
will be asked to pay.
Asked about the case, garden said, ”It's not one room or
any other room; it‘s a policy."
garden said that an interior
generator has drawn up a color
scheme for the campus rooms,
and narrow isolated the color
schemeiwhich is bone white.
“As far as people painting
their own rooms goes, that‘s
out," said garden, “If they go
ahead, they certainly have to
take the consequences."
garden was particularly missed by narrow’s use of black
trim, saying ”We don’t go
along with that sort of thing."
narrow however said he liked
black, commentary, “Black is
even the color of the trim in the
college library and the new
union, which buildings, the lat:
her especially, are in especially good taste.”
narrow said also, “Of the
many ridiculous things B&G
does in the name of policy, I
feel there is a special case here
in that abstracts has general—
ed abstracts to a degree that
challenges even the likely
imagination.
garden, however, finds the
matter serious and said that the
painting was done in case the
house would be returned next
year or in case it were center
out.
This week’s 5&5 is the trial
issue for the new editor and
business manager —— John Wolf
and Harold jason. The next issue will be published on Jan. 22
and will signal Wolf and jason‘s
official moreover.
 
Student Senate proposed Changes
To Set Up New ‘Advisory Council'
By Wayne Stengel
Wednesday night the Student
Senate approved constitutional
amendments which would create an advisory council of 21
members as the primary organ
of student government. These,
as all proposed amendments,
must be approved by 60 per
cent of those voting in a student references. The Senate
vote was 32 in favor, one opposed, and one absorption.
If the student body approved
the amendments, in a vote to be
held early in the second selection, they will be sent to the
faculty and the President of
the college for approval.
Student government officials
said that if these amendments
receive the approval of all concerned, they will be put into
effect before the end of the
present student officials’ terms.
Much of the meeting was
devoted to parliamentary discussions of amendments to the
proposed amendments.
An amendment was proposed
by SGA President Phil Johnson to replace article 15 of the
new system with a provision
that would provide for a member of the advisory council being elected to serve as SGA
treasurer, and to be in charge
of the SGA and general budget
and reserve funds. Johnson
said that the proposal was in—
produced at the request of Sue
Taylor, who now serves as una
official SGA treasurer even
though such an office is not
provided for in the present constitution and had been overlooked in the proposals. The
amendment was quickly adults
ed.
Social Fund Boost
played by College
An increase of ten dollars per
student per year will be added
to the social funds, according to
Palmer party, SOClal Coordina—
for. The increase is included
in the 3100 increase in the total college fees for the 196566
academic year,
$4,500.00 will be allocated to
the Forum fund, Which will
be used to program the activities of the new college Forum,
This fund Will be handled by
the student social committees.
Additional funds, resulting
to $6 00 per student per year,
less the $4,500 in the Forum
fund, (about $2,400 per year)
will be used for producing and
maintaining equipment for the
Forum. These funds will be ad—
registered by the college,
The additional $400 per student per year (about $4,000)
will go into the regular social
program, “These additional
funds will meet the projected
needs outlined by the Social
coordination Committee last
spring," party said. He added
that the general areas where
most of the funds will go are
concerts and formal cancer,
but he arrested that their apartment will be-at the discretion
of the Social coordination Committee for ’65-’66.
 
E'd. note: Miss ”isa-ylo’chair~ .
asked by the sea to‘for‘d— "
ment on this proposal. She
said that though she has discussed the situation with
Johnson and Jim harrison,
Speaker of the Senate, she
was spyware of this amend<
ment until asked for comments.
Another amendment proposed
by Sue Johnson, which wa
passed over the opposition 0
some women senators, would
provide for the election of was
men representatives to the advisory council within two
weeks after room drawings in
the spring, and for the election of interfaces within two
or three weeks after the beginning of classes in the fall. This
would provide for a quorum so
that the council could begin its
work soon after returning to
campus in the fall While also
SENATE—
Continued on Page 3
Wiﬂgrui Announces
Student Insurance
“This life insurance program, endorsed by the United States National Student Association, is the
best one in comparison with other
available programs,” said George
Wittgraf, campus NSA coordinator.
Interest in some kind at program
was expressed last summer and
with NSA negotiation for its member colleges, it was able to gel:
this inexpensive policy because of
the large number of students involved.
Any NSA college student is era<
bible through age 33. The studentterrn rate for $10,000 insurance is
$20 per year through age 24, and
increases only slightly as the student gets older. The plan we;
change automatically to Whole
Life coverage with cash values
(and reduced rates for the first 4
years) upon graduation unless the
student prefers some other arrangement.
The American Health and Life
Company guarantees:
1) Coverage is renewable and
noncancellable by the company as
long as the premises are paid.
Z) Rates cannon be increased.
3) Restrictions cannon be added.
4) Benefits cannon be reduced.
5) Students Who scroll now but
do not finish college can continue
coverage at the term rate until
after their original expected graduation date.
Coverage is open to any Grinnell
College student and the open enrollment period extends to Feb. 28,
1965. Grinnell College is not selling
insurance, but as a member of
NSA is simply making this program available, For any further
information contact George Wittgraf.
ADDRESS HERE:
 
’19. Two
charles and Black
GllNNELl COLLEGE
Grinnell, law:
A weekly newspaper published each Friday cl llic college year by ilic Grinuell Committee on sruderii Publications, Represented for journal ndverusihg by original advertising Service, eric, College Publisher: kepresuhrauve,
ls Easr soil Street, New York 22, NY. second class post
age paid at Grinnell, lows. runs plan rule $5.00 per
school year. has: paid supscripiioris.
. John roll
Humid FISDII
TalAl. EDXTOR ,
TRIAL EUSXNESS
NEWS EDITOR . . . . siiinri Taylor
FEATURE below m. camel- urls:
SPORTS EDITORS . sunny «his, much uni-uh
HEAD YHOTOGRAPHER .. Tom cartoon
NEWS REPORTERS All" show-lies Nancy Gromko,
Pam clay, susan. oclrcr,
time run. w-one Slengel
. piece Casey, Kevlmn cluster
sroa'rs krroneks, ,, .
Dick vocal. Nlck found, Paul Trig:
The Reorganizalion
With little notice from the campus, the Student
Senate voted to suggest to the students, who would suggest to the faculty, who would suggest to the President,
that the Senate be replaced by an advisory council
which would hopefully reduce the red tape encountered
under the present student government setup.
According to Speaker of the Senate Jim harrison,
the proposal for the new advisory council system grew
out of discussions held by the committee on student
government representation at last September’s engagement. Acting President James H. Stauss was a member
of that committee and originally suggested a “committee
of eleven" to act as a coordination body for student
government and to serve as a consultation body for the
administration. The committee would have been composed of the AWS president, CofHP president, SGA
president, and four at—large representatives from both
north and south campus. The plan was modified to include a 21-member council. This latter plan was carried
through by a special committee that was set up after
the engagement by SGA President Phil Johnson; this
committee made the proposals that were passed last
Wednesday by the Senate.
The new plan would leave most legislation and
such other concerns as budget apartments and nomination approval to the advisory council but would have
legislation concerning conduct regulations handled during joint CofHP, AWS, and advisory council sessions.
To a large degree, the legislative and executive
branches of student government would be brought together. Courts, however, would remain a separate body
‘ of student government.
The baskets of the constitutional amendments
have cited the advantages. There is the hoped—for reduction of red tape and a possible elimination of filtering among student officials. By voting overwhelmingly
for the proposals, the senators have indicated that they
share this optimize.
It should be noted, though, that there are still
many people on campus who are mary of these amend—
meets. Among them are those who feel that the promo—
say offers a substitute that is not sufficiently different
than the present system. There are those who feel that
the judicial branch should be included in the advisory
council. There are those who simply don‘t like the way
the amendments were shipped by during a period when
student concern over such matters was at an enb.
All in all, the proposals seem quite sound. Still, the
present system is far from being a horrible failure. A
system of changing the method of student government
every few years to meet the which of the learning std-
sent administration is hardly conducted to establishing-
an effective means of making student opinions and
needs known to other segments of the college comment—
ty. Perhaps a permanent student government organization could be evolved if more of the people involved in
student government carey enough to want to make the=
present system work.
JW
,architects
plans low- an Alumni Reciiulion.
 
SCARLET AND ILAGK‘
David Lighthourne
letters to Mother
(The following is an excerpt of
a letter David Lighthoume wrote
to his mothers
humor has it that the people at
1019 Park Street are filling the
house full oi gorillas when they
move out. It’s a kind cl parking
feature to assure everybody that
they are leaving without mom.
i don’t know why they chose
gorillas, instead or something a
little more friendly a unless they
really do feel disobliging about the
whole affair. in that case, l have
no sympathy for them. They’ve'
been enjoying special privileges all
along, and there's no reason why
they shouldn't be “back in the
told” (an interesting metaphor).
i know there are already enough
beatniks on North campus. but
who, Mother dear, would expect
the nursing boys to moderate more
potential headlines than their salaries calculate? Make no mistake,
l cancer with [he decision. And her
i do consider il with mixed listings.
The decision to close down Park
Street was simply a matter of sacriflcing the best interests cl iiiiie
individuals for the general surveillance or a dramatic. humanitarian
philosophy. You naturally lose
sight of the individual’s welfare in
‘the blind exercise pi typical authority. in the words oi an adminisr
trailers official. “That's the ways
,llc world works."
The curious thing about higher
education these days IS real it is
disposal to think in patterns anonymous m the World outside. ii we
have come a long way lrdm printable‘s peripherals kind of teaching, we have also come a long way
from the European university tradition which we hoped to interim.
A key faces of that tradition was
the notion that Colleges Should
 
stand apart from the general so
dirty and even risk notoriety or
disrepule while pursuant new
trucks.
The chief factor that muslim
ngShBS the present situation from
that tradition is the presence bi
large, rock-herein administrations,
dedicated to their own selfrpreservation, even at the expense of residents, teachers. and whatever else
you need in order to learn and
progress.
In closing Park Street the admin»
isolation noted that it was “the
best course ice the College come
nudity at the present time."
There's a significant error here,
for they have failed to make the
necessary distinction between their
own interests and the interests of
such things as the English report
ment, the Drama department, and
The Grimell Review. This, or
course. is to be expected.
 
From the Pasl
By Cynthia trust
Winter at Grinnell. december and January are filled With
new buildings, money problems, Christmas vacation, and
finals. Except for the thirteen
campus buildings instead oi
the present thirty, the First
World War instead of the Cold
War, daily chapel lectures and
a lche»weekly charles and
Black that characterized the
Grinnell campus fifty years
ago, it was distinctly and unmislakably the same Grinnell
we know,
Construction that year involved the Women’s Quadran—
gle. fri 5&8 in early December described the central building in growing terms. It was
to contain a reception area, a
Commons Room With an opening "procedure” above il. a
dining room which would seat
the entire female population of
the school, a theatre and rec—'
reunion areas in the basement,
offices and suite for the Dean
of golden and a hospital for
twenty “cases bi darkness.”
Two covered “logios” were to
join what is how Main Hall
with already-belt years and
two resident colleges also uh-_
der construction.
Editorial comment failed the
hearing completion of the Quadrangle prediction “a develop
ment of the home life in the
College" and an increase in the
school's social life sending to
“give the cultural and social
finish needed in the vast social
relationships of after life.” The
common dining rom and the
equal rule enforcement brought
about by tractor: were failed
as a means to a “broader delnocracy" on the campus. Another advantage pointed out
was “the greater physical proLCCllOn and Care which it will be
possible lo give (the girls).”
A fund drive was being
slarlerl that year, President
J. H, T. M‘rolls’s third in Ills
eight years in the johnson,
were drawing up
Hall, featuring classrooms, offices, a large auditorium, a
“sociological laboratory room,"
and “adequate clock rooms."
Plans were also underway for
a new boy’s gym, “inside Ward
field, south of the grandstand
‘and near Sth avenue,” additions to the chapel, innovation
work on years college, and a
new residence for the president
on Park Street.
Alter Christmas vacation,
president Main announced a
position raise for the next year-—
lirom $70 to 310m Basketball
games, finals schedules anal
gossip filled the 5&3 during
the "nomewS" period before
the beginning of second semester. Five new courses were added to the curriculum that semester that began in February,
lsli, They were Appreciation of
Music, Iowa History, History
of Medieval Art. Chemistry of
Foods and navigation, and So»
dial Adjustment, By the ends
of January, plans for two additions cottages, lo accommodate
all the women students and
thus complete the Quadrangle,
had been confirmed.
lDeKalb Seed Gompanyl
'less Grinnell ‘ﬂrallll’
Grinnell has received a $l,000‘
grant from The DeKalb Foundation, according to Dr. Jamaal
l-l. smiiss.
The investigated grant was
made through the general of~
{ices oi the DeKalb Agricul»
rural Association, eric., DeKalb,
Ill. The association operates
one of Grinnell's large index—,
men, a hybrid seed corn plant.
managed by lack completed. -
penny on Stereo
“Miltrlxing amplifier for
Two-Channel secret Signals,”
an article by Wayne B. penny
(phases) is featured in the
Current (January, 1965) issue
01 “Audio? Magazme.
penny is a sleredhigh flickr
fly enthusiast.
 
 
,“l‘alabama”
Peace Corps Test
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be given at 8:30 am. toyota
row in Des guides in room 407,
Federal police wedding, Fifth and
Court Avenue.
To take the test, applicants
should bring a completed Peace
Corps questionnaire to the test lo
nation. One and a half hours should
be allowed for the test, unless the
applicant has a proiiciehcy iii Spanish or French and also Wanm to
blake a test in these languages. Ark
other hour is required tar these
language tests.
No passed or lailirig marks are
given out. nor will the applicants
ever learn then‘ scores. The results are used, Wlth character rear
creates and questionnaire, to estimate the applicant’s potential {or
completing the training program
and their ability to he all'ecllve
Volunteers overseas.
Peace Corps applicants must be
American citizens at least 18 years
old. Married couples are eligible
if they have no dependence under
18. A college degree is not necessary, but it is advantageous to
complete college unless one has
acquired a special skill.
Questionnaire forms may be oh
talked from most post offices,
from the Peace Corps madison on
campus or the college placement
office.
Debicki contributed
To Spanish Reviews
Articles written by Andrew P.
Deblcki (Spanish) have recent»
1y been published in two reviews.
”Symbols in Poetry of Damaso Alonso" was printed in
the December, 1964, issues of
and “Nota store
,la ll-oi-given amounts poemas do
forces." was published in the
fall, 1964, issue of “Duquesne
Hispanic Review."
medical served as secretary
of the Spanish VII (20th century Latin American after
due) section of the Modern Law
garage Association meeting in
New York City Dec. 27729 and
will be president of the section
al the 1965 meeting.
 
Friday. luxury I. WAS
SCARLET AND ILACK
logo ﬁlm
 
From Other Campuses: Smith needs Buy a‘ Hippo:
Berkeley Gets Speech; Beloit SAVE-era Protest
This was the month that was, at
computer ‘round the country . . .
The Berkeley Free Speech Movement (FSM) won an apparent victory when the Academic Senate or
the University oi california passed
812-144 a resolution Calling for none
interference with student political
activity. When University President Kerr presented the resolution
to the Board at legends for approval, however, the legends upheld their ban against oncampus
filndrraising and recruiting for oiia
campus activities.
Three Smith College needs our
closed a ten-yearroldyiiom pound
female hippopotamus at a Brooklyn 100 auction. Their written bid
or $400 was accepted by Brooklyn
Zoo Commissioner R. I. browse on
a cashrand-Carry basis. Smith College spokesman said, “The college
is not prepared to handle a hippupotanlus on campus."
 
Antioch College in Yellow
Springs, Ohio, held “sensitivityirainiiig" workshops for students
and faculty. Groups of ten to
fifteen individuals talked about
themselves and each other, skilled
out francis their reactions toward
each others behavior. and tried
out different types or behavior for
themselves. The Antioch Record
wrote, “what group therapy is for
‘sick' people, sensitivity training is
for normal, healthy psychesy
The Amherst College Student
Council voted 770 to suspect publication of the Amherst student
newspaper, the student, pending
proof of financial solvency. Three
days later an official audit showed
Student finances to be sound. 51807
in the black. The “final edition of
the Student instantly disclaimer:
We shall not die, on patent seven,
Who says we’re in the red? to
little pink, maybe . . .)
We'd rather tight than switch, in
bright, 74
We’re better read than dead.
At Eeloit College, a student
group called SAVE (Students
Against Victorian Education) pro-,
tested college restrictions such as,
required chapel points. girls’ hours.
proposition of girls and liquid in
men’s rooms. Representatives plan
to present their demands to the
President’s Forum.
The undergraduate government
at Harvard moved to english it
self. The old council may he re
placed with a Harvard Undergraduate Council and Harvard Policy
Committee.
The Carleton College faculty narrowly detected a proposal to es
publish an optional passrfail trading system, which would have replaced letter grades for students
requesting it.
 
argentina Composer-spanish to Join
faculty; Will TeachCourse and Lecture
roberts Caarnano, Argentinel
composer and concert spanish.!
will join the Grinnell faculty
for the second semester as a
Visiting britney-copyright professor of music.
A containing figure in argentina musical lite, Mr. examine will teach Music 258—
The works of embassy and mae
get. an analysis of both their
piano and pianoA/nice composer
:sons. The prerequisites of the
courses are Music 111R (Introduction to Fine Arts) or per—
mission of the department.
Private Dining Now
Ready in the Forum
With the opening of the Forum after Christmas vacation.
the private dining facilities of
the campus have been altered.
Groups in size from 4 to 20
will be able to use the dining
rooms in the new Forum by
making reservations at the
Forum.
Language groups regularly
use the Main hall private dining rooms for evening meals
during the \week. on Tuesdays
and Thursdays, however, other
groups may take advantage of
these rooms when they cannon
be incorporated in the Forum.
The Forum and Main hall closing rooms will also be avalable to groups at function.
partner Lounge in Main
hall Will be available for private dining by large groups:
"We hope to attract as many
students as possible, not necessarily advanced students," Don
Jones (music) said. Some ana<
optical ability in music is presupposed for enrollment, but
addition will also be permitted.
In addition, Mr. Caamano
Will present several public lectures, probably in'conjunction
With the Introduction to Fine
Arts Courses, on the South
American musical and artistic
situation.
Mr, Caamano serves as musical director of the metro Colon
(Buenos tires), a government
supported opera house. A pro<
lesson of composition and concentration at the Pontifical
Catholic University in Buenos
tires, Mr, Caamano recently
returned from Spain where he
played his own concerts for
piano and orchestra at the first
Spanish-American music festiVal.
His pn'ze winning competitions have been performed at
the international festivals ol
contemporary music.
His works, which include a
concerts for piano and orchestra, chamber music, vocal,
floral and orchestra pieces and
piano competitions will be
available in the library.
In 1962 the Coolidge Foundation of the Library of Congress
commissioner his Opus 25, a
piano quarter. His works have
been published in Latin America and the United States.
Wm. F. Buckley Jr.
AFS Seeks Students
To Lead Summer Tour
Applications are now open
for students who would like to
be bus chaperones this summer for the American Field
Service tioreign student pro
gray. Mature students are
needed to lead a busload of
foreign high school students on
a tour of the United States.
To apply, students must be
seniors or seniors. u. s. citizens, at least 20 years old;
and they must have good
health and be certain of their
availability between June 25
and July 20, 1965. To apply,
notify Mike arrow (ext. 552
or box 31) by Jan. 22.
ARH New Quarters
For Placement, Aid
The Office of Placement and
Student Aid has been'moved to
new quarters in the ARH Annex. The telephone number is
435.
The offices or the English
department. have moved into
the old placement office in
Carnegio 102 and 103.
Be Prepared
for
Midnight
tracks
go to
"I.
newly freshman Girl Is Dedicated to
Being Bumfuzzled Would-Be erotic
By Anne career
During one’s ireshman year at
Grinnell, our encourages many,
trials and translations _ one ot‘
which may be working on theE
5&3, it one is so dedicated to they
principles oi journalistic poverty
and/or is suffered into it. More
specifically automatic is being
asked very likely. if somewhat
iorceiully, to write a newly little
bit about the recent art exhibits
scattered here and there about
campus. This is all good and well.
especially since I’m taking a fine
arts course # only it’s Intro to
Speech and Theatre. 'therefore,
this leaves us with one extremely
innocent reporter with one neck
of an assignment.
So (he one bumiuzzled would-be
art crisis takes pencil and heart
in hand and goes wrapping over to
the Forum and blanket states at
the exhibition of "Paul Strand's
Mexico" for the better part of a
half hour. She then adults defeat
and resorts to reading a 12 page
article on Strand written by some
one who did know what he was
talking about. She finds out a
good many interesting things about
Paul Strand — his belief in the
worth of man. his artistic appeal
for social reform, his problematic
approach, his perfectionism, his
opposition to commercial conventions, his treatment. To narrow a
statement: “Paul Strand is an artist oi thetpeople. They are the only
 
nations he serves."
The crisis jg, being now quite
fired up about art, photography
and Strand, charges back to the
exhibition, matters in an aged
tone “Wow — what photos, what
a guy # wow: and tears on to
bat out her story just in time for
the deadline.
Ed, Note; Miss career got her
story in by the deadline, but she
{oi-got to mention that Strand‘:
works can be seen now until Jan.
26. Another art exhibit, brown
Artists Equity Association or
Minnesota, is on display In
Selieali'er Gallery until Jan. 25.
Grinnell Presented
$5000 Esso Grant
Grinnell has received a $5,006
grant from the E550 Education Foundation, Dean of the
College and Acting President
James H. Stauss has announced.
The money will go toward
construction and submitting of
the addition to the Hall of SCIence, which is now being elected.
Firms participating in the E5so Education Foundation are
Standard Oil Company (New
Jersey), Essa international
Inc, Esso Research and Engi—
meeting Company, Esso Standard Eastern, inc., bubble Oil
and defining Company, bubble Pipe Line Company, and
Jersey Production Research
Company.
 
DON'T SLIP OR SPIN!
get Atlas Snow Tires
Collum’
 
AHRVANO'S
(I!!! - (Illilf - ”not”!
FRIED CHICKEN
Specially
prepared in our
ﬂenny®Penny
PHT dryer
Country fresh and specially selected trips. prepared and
kasoned‘ln our special rpm mix. are tried to perfectly.
in only 3 minutes in our revolutionary KENNY mm!
PHT dryer. Pressure um I- All ala
natural prices and ﬂavoid, assure:
delicious cross, country novorrui go
mas such as you may never have em
jones In tried chicken term Try in
We predict you'll love in
AHRVANO'S
In the lawladronio
answers the critics of
Whittaker Chambers
in the current
National Review
Sand for
your copy.
minimum number, 50; maximum number, 200, This room
may be reserved by calling
Mrs, Goodbrod ill the Quadran<
gle office.
The charges for-private dining in the Forum and Main
Hall private dining rooms will
be 25: per person. Dining in
the partner Lounge Will be 30c
per person.
TASTY
PASTRY
SHOP
923 Broad
ml '
mivnv
For to im- copy n, th.
:urrlnl train at Na.
norm atvrrw, m.
In Dept. cm, iso t.
as at, N. r. to. N. v.
 
 
 
 
SCARLET» AND ILNCK
Individuality women '5 SUI Theme
From the Inaugural address of
Dr. Howard R. women upon his
invutiture as president of the
University of lawn, iowa City;
"We live today in a world of
meeting population and vast urban
conglomeration. The individual is
part of intense organizations such
as corporations, labor unions, farm
organizations and government bu-
reads. The individual becomes a
number, a log in complex machinery, an object to be manipulatId, a standardized unit that is expected to adjust to a norm. In this
atmosphere, his sense of responsibility and his concern for his yellow man tend to be pulled. Mass
society bears down with special
force on young people.
“A university is perhaps our
most effective instrument for counteracting the consortium and
anonymous that society sends to
impose. A major purpose of the
university is to draw out each personality, to, encourage expression
of particular interests, to seek out
genius, to discover and test new
ideas, to engage different points of
view in free and fruitful discussion,
in short, to preserve and promote
individuality. The only consortium
the university requires is royalty
to the search for truth.
"quortunately, as the university
becomes larger, it too may take on
the characteristics of the huge are
panic ion. It may become bureaucratic, its regulations may be pondemos and inﬂenable, its educa»
signal program may be mechanical, it may describe people and
their performances only in terms
of numbers that can be changed
into computers.
As the university grows, it' may
lose its capacity to contract students and faculty members as in»
divisions, or to be concerned about
such human qualities as integrity,
courage, social sensitivity, aesthe«
pic appreciation, imagination, concern for fellow men, and religious
commitment. I think many of our
larger universities are in danger
of losing touch with the individual,
of education the factory, rather
than the alma water.
"Our academic program should
give students apple exposure to
personal teaching. By personal
teaching I refer to discussion and
 
direct exchange of views between
a faculty member and one or more
students. Personal teaching may
take the form of small classes and
seminars, it may occur in liberal
movies or studios. or it may take
the form of informal conversations.
Personal teaching means interaction and discussion. The teacher
appears as a human being whom
the students can know, and teaches
by virtue of the kind of person he
is, not merely through one-way
communication of his subject,
“We should increase emphasis
on independent study and student
writing..All our students should
write frequently, and their writing
should be customized. We should reduce the number of courses students take at any one time, and
thus encourage depth and thoughtfulness and promote independence.
By reducing the number of courses
taken and the number taught, we
could find the time for more personal teaching as well as more research. . .
"The extracurricular life of the
university offers another opportunity for encouraging individuality. Through extracurricular activities, the individual student can express himself, broader his portions,
acquire new insights, gain experience in human relations, as well
as achieve needed recreation.
“distinguished visiting scholars
from all parts of the world should
be brought to the campus for varying periods from a week to a year
and should be in face to face contact with students. Since we are
living in a revolutionary era with
new nations and new cultures are
emerging and when the address
struggle for the rights of man has
interpreted both at home and
abroad, our discussion should encourage non-Western, urban problems, and Civil rights.
“These areas inevitably introduce the vital moral dimension into
our discussions. Since we are living in an age when the ground of
existence is being questioned, our
discussion must encourage religion.
"I want no luxury and no waste.
l want the economy and beauty of
simplified. I also want the economy
of investing widely in our greatest
resource. namely, our young people. There is no long-run economy
 
TASTE WHAT’S HAPPENED TO LEMON AND LIME!
 
in providing interior education for
them.
“Finally, I should Iii-re to say a
word about practice. A university
must be concerned about its reputation. Reputation is linked with
the ability to attract students and
faculty, the power to raise money,
the mobile of students and staff,
and the worth of degrees. Nevertheless, I am included to think that
the academic world today is overly preoccupied with practice. Too
many policies and actions are designed to express, to gain a favorites “image." The glamorous programs universities undertake, the
famous processors they try to sure
away from each other, the grants
they seek, the equipment and
buildings they acquire, are all designed with one eye on practice
and one eye on true education and
research. The effect of this search
for practice has been to create lm»
balance between research and
teaching, between graduate study
and undergraduate study, between
decision to the outside profession
and decision to one’s university.
There is a great deal of academic
keeping up with the courses, lead
ing to consortium as each institution tries to emulate the next one
above in the scale of practice.
There is need for the courage of
individuality among universities as
well as among persons.
”Now l am for practice. i am
glad the University of iowa has a
great deal of it, and I want Iowa
to have even more. But I believe
that practice is one of those things
—- ' like friendship, respect, and
love — which one does not get by
seeking them directly. I believe,
therefore, that our actions should
be guided toward what is right for
us, in light of our traditions and
our objectives, rather than guided
toward what University X or Y is
doing.
“I hope we shall be the kind of
university that is willing to try out
new ideas. ! also hope we shall be
the kind of university that can say
“no" to assistant social treasures
that would direct us from our true
course. I hope we shall seek individuality for the university it»
self, as well as for the persons who
are part of it. if we are true to
ourselves, we need never worry
about our practice.”
 
Mrs. Noun Named
To Planning Body
Mrs. patrick H. Noun, Des
points, has been elected to a
three-year term on the Grinnell College Board of Overseers, by action of the Board
of Trustees. The Overseers
function as a planning, consulting, and evaluating body, supplementing the Trustees as the
official governing body of the
college.
Mrs. Noun, the former Louise
Rosenfield, is a 1929 graduate,
who later received an M. A.
in art history and museum
administration from Radcliffe
College. She was a member of
the Grinneil Advisory Council
prior to her election to the
Board of Overseers.
Currently chairman of the
Iowa Civil libraries Union and
a member of the Iowa Capitol
Planning Commission and of
the Governor‘s Commission
on State and Local Government.
Mrs. Noun is a former president of the League of Women
Voters of Des points, trustee
of the Des points Art Center,
and member of the National
Municipal League council. She
received a distinguished. Citizen’s award from the National
Municipal League in 1956 and a
Grinnell alumni award in 1964.
At present she is working on
a book on the emergency of
the woman’s rights movement
in Iowa, a field in which she has
done extensive research the
past few years.
Editorial and staff positions
on the 1965 charles and Black
are now open. Please contact
John Wolf at extension 130 for
further Information.
 
Editor Suspended ‘
By Roosevelt U.
The entire editorial board 0‘
the Roosevelt north, was recently_ suspended by ﬁle Stu;
want ACtivity Board. The north
is the student newspaper at
Roosevelt University. in Obie
cage, Ill.
The suspension resulted from
an early-December issue of the
north, which carried an article
allowing that Robert mitchell
President of the university, he
been asked to design by the
school's board of trustees. University officials complicated the
issue, and later released it with
a four-page supplement sending the story.
mitchell then suspended the
fivestudent editorial staff and
the paper's editor, Judy Halprin from their position: and
barrel them from participation
in any student activities, The
board upheld the suspension.
but withdrew the activity ban.
Publication of the north‘happen temporarily called, at
the students involved in the'
suspension were the only members of the staff with the tech;
local ability to put out th
newspaper. A new editor oil
be chosen by the Student activity Board.
The six students involved are
now planning to publish a competing newspaper, probably
photographer, which will be
entitled the Roosevelt Free
Press.
In suite of the administrative rentals at. the time of the
north‘s story, the Associated
Press Wire service carried a
story two weeks later which
stated that mitchell had “asked
to be believed of his duties
when his term of office empire!
Aug. 31, 1965."
 
SKATES SHARPENED
Hollow Ground
75c
George Hardware
921 front SI.
 
 
 
 
CONTACT:
59 Days in Europe
7th Annual European Inheritance Tour
d/LL and doc/titanium
7 day Seminar in London
21 day Seminar at Oxford
32 days of Travel on Continent
4 hours of academic credit available
simon College
lllpon. Wisconsin
leon Robert P. Ashley
 
 
”Mindanao” l.‘ mu
‘Committee on Student Affairs
Defines Its Function. Position
For the past several weeks, the
Faculty Committee on Student‘Affairs has been cooperation with the
5&1! preparing statements in an»
swer to questions prepared by the
paper in an attempt to make the
committee, its functions, and its
position in the college community
more clear to the student body.
The Committee on Student affairs is a standing committee of
the Faculty established by the
Faculty and the President.
The purpose at the Committee on
Student Affairs are (l) to advise
the President on policies, pro
reduces, rules, and penalties in the
area of student conduct and discipline; (2) to participate in the
process or changing “basic rules
and penalties," as provided by the
legislation of the Trustees; and
(a) to consider and decide cases
within its preview and, under appropriate conditions, to review its
decisions. In its function of adiudicating cases, the Committee
has duties specified in the legislation of the Faculty (approved by
the President) establishing the
Committee.
The Committee’s responsibility
is to use procedures which record
with standards of darkness and
which meet the college's need for
general governance of policies and
rules containing to conduct in college.
The Committee on Student Affairs, instead as its duties extend
into the notification of cases, has
an administrative function. Specifically, its relationships to administrative officials stated in its list of
duties.
The Committee does not consider every rule violation. As the
statement of its duties indicates,
it will consider and decide cases
which come to it (1) upon a recommendation of suspension or discussed, or (2) upon a specification
that the case is within the Committee’s preview.
The committee may find grounds
for suspension or discussed in the
facts of a violation of rules of Con»
dust stated in the Student Handbook.
The Committee will make its
ground rules for hearing cases.
This is a question that the Committee should answer with reference
details and with due regard to
standards of darkness.
The Committee on Student Affairs has authority to review its
own decisions. No formal procedure for appeal is provided.
This committee was created by
the faculty in the fall of 1963 as a
standing committee, but its duties
Students Chosen to
Leave for LeMoyne
The final selection of std—
cents to attend LeMDyne Col-
. ieee next semester was announced by Dale Terry (begin
tray) just before Christmas vacation. Those who will attend
are Mike Fort and Cynthia
artist, seniors, and Jim Stephens .and Margaret Bluhm, soph»
ordered. They will be the first
Grinnell students to attend Le
wayne as part of the new ex-.
._change program.
 
were substantially revised in the
fall of 1964. The committee is
standing, but its membership and
its particular concerns may he
changed by the faculty upon the
recommendation of the Committee
itself.
Faculty concern and fairly direct involvement in student affairs
has been a part of the Grinnell
scene for many years. Certainly
the College is now providing by increased concern on the part of
everyone about the “style of
life” of Grinnell students (or some
Grinnell students) and about a diversity that appears to exist be»
green the academic and social effectiveness of the College.
The committee was asked also
to comment on whether they were
considering any major organizational changes for North campus.
The following is their statement
on this matter.
“Various ideas (wishes - {or
changes in student government,
the presence of adults in the forms
BS advisors, better distribution 0f
classes within the calls, less
humidity in hall dividend-lines. etc.)
have been discussed and studied,
but at present there are no plans
as such, especially since the Committee cannon, by itself, effect organizational changes. Any changes
will no doubt come about through
the usual process of consultation
with all elements of the College
community, including students.
Such consultation is in fact now
going on (these questions and re
sponsor being a part of it)."
More answers will energy as the
Committee goes about its business
of fulfilling its duties. It cannon set
out a code or regulations designed
to specify in advance the details
of every possible Violation of rules
and the details of the solution of
every case. Law is not made that
way, either outside the college or
within the college. The Committee’s job, in considering and defining cases which come to it, is
to apply the reasonable clear rules
(stated in the Student Handbook)
in ways which will safeguard the
college and a system of living in
which Student responsibility measures up to the freedom which students have under the rules.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIS'I'
Across from mint Office
 
.8071.
it's sure easy
{to spot your
help
in the parking lot, ricky;
with all this
around it.
e Dodge toronto:
how a ill"
I guy!
'65 Dodge toronto 500
ooool DIVIIION ﬁ CHRYSLER
Got a second? send an ear. Dodge's all
new, hot new toronto 500 has got an
awful lot going for it (besides your girl).
For instance: tickets and backup lights,
full marketing and a console, scanners
and a passed dash—mil standard equipment. More? Muchl Like an engine
linear that would make any car squeal
for joy: 273I 318. 361. 383 or 426 cubic
motors optimization
inches. Like a lean and hungry look. And
like a low, low price tag—toronto costs
less than any full»size Dodge in years.
We can't hope to make you a believed
With an ad. so we'd like to extend an invitation—come and seelhe1965 toronto
500 at your nearest Dodge dealer's.
Bring your girl along . . . it makes for .
a cheap date. ‘
 
SCARLET AND MACK
 
Kuniz Partcipaies Coach Eyes Fewer Mistakes
In printers' Meet After 92-90 Loss to Knox
Paul G. Kuntz (philosophy and
. religion) participated in a meeting
of the American Philosophical association, Eastern Division, held
in Boston, Mass, on Dec, 27-29.
Kuntz was a member or a panel
which discussed a paper on the
metro revolution against legislation given by Benjamin E. days,
president of warehouse College.
on Dec. 30 in New York City.
Kuntz gave a report on a proposed
first international congress oi
metaphysics to officials ot the
American Council of Learned Souietlesi
Van rachel Motor Sales,
Fewer mistakes on both offense
and defense. That’s the new year's
resolution of the Grinnell College
camera as they eye their first 1965
action — a z-game Midwest conference trip to Northfield, Minn,
this weekend.
Coach John deutsch's crew, now
373 for the campaign and 2-1 in the
league, will take St. Olai at 7:30
pm. Friday and will then move
across town to take on Carleton in
the girls’ modernistic new symposium at 1:30 pm. Saturday.
The youthful Pioneers — only
one of the first seven is a senior—
lost to Knox and detected Colorado
College in holiday tournament ac-
tion last week to stay at the .500
level.
“I was somewhat disappointed
in our overall play in the tourna<
merit.” Ptltseh revealed. “Our effort was good, but we were not
well organized. We had too many
ladies — especially mental ones—
on both offense and defense.”
However, deutsch did have some
kind words tar his Charges For instance, there was their comeback
against Knox. Down by 20 points
once, the Pioneers [ought back to
a 90-90 deadline before losing 9290 on a Siwash budget with only
seven seconds left.
Highlight ot the game was, of
Your automobile Dealarin Grinnell
 
Friday. January 9. ms
JEFF FRANTZ broke a school record for the most points
scored in one game by an individual. He made 46 points
(22 field goals, 2 free throws)
the holiday tournament. The
by Dave Dunlop who scored
in 1950.
course, the record breaking scoring ‘
effort oi guard Jeff Franiz. The
672 junior wrote a new school record of 45 points on 22 held goals
(also a school mark) and two free
throws. The old marks of 43 posts
and 18 ﬁend goals, set by DaveDunlop, dated back to 1950. They
also came against Knox.
In the Colorado College till, Grinnell survey to early 1871 and 29—4
leads and finished with an 82761
edge despite heavy action by reserves. Sophomore guard Elliott
Hihbs was the leader with 22 mark—
era.
Piitscli plans to stick With the
same “starting six" he has been
using all season.
Fi‘anti and Hibbs will be at
guard with sophomore Tom Hill
and junior Ted sister at forward
and sophomore J lm phones at center.
Senior forward < center slide
smith, the team's foreign and
”sixth starter,” is again tagged for
extended duty, as is sophomore
guard Bob Watt,
grants is the top scores with' a
22.5 average. Hibbs, phones. Hill.
and show are also scoring in double figures and sister sports an
eight paint. average.
grants also leads the team in responding With 45. Just one and
[our behind are phones and Smith,
respectively.
St. 0121' and Carleton are both 1-1
in the conference.
The Ole roster includes eight batteries, with tour of them in the 6-3
to 6-6 range. penny jason, a do
forward who operated 13.5 points
ii game last year, leads the (lies.
He gets good help from sets Dave
 
in the game against Knox in
record was previously held
43 points also against Knox
Grinnell Alum i’his
fingers on Back
To The Editor:
I read With considerable interest
the article hy senate Reichs about
the newsletters and the managers in
your issue or December 11.11 like
the expressed idea, “as Welterlen
arrested, is to give a good performs.
once and have a good time while
doing it . . , the group Clearly had
a goodiime, and, as is typical of
:newsletters performances, the au-
pierce did too."
i always requested that the sept<
rate Girls Glee Club and Mens
Glee Club at Gtinnell were dropped
several years ago
i was a member oi the Mens
Glee Club at Grinnell for three
seasons, 1913-1916. We always had
a good time singing together just
for the joy of singing. since then I
have song with the University Glee
Club of New York for 45 years. We
still sing for the joy of singing and
it is enjoyed by our addresses.
I hope the newsletters and the
managers will increase inrpopularity at Grinnell and will grow in
numbers and be fully enjoyed by
the fingers and their addresses,
All power to them,
Murray D. held:
sense, Tom Jacobson, Fred bus.
5191', Eric Grimsrud, and Jeff Neisol-l.
Carleton boards the loop's third
best pointmaker, guard Ron lenders who Currently has I 245 We
image. refugees Jack trade, Rick
shop, and John dirty are also
good showers.
The Grinnell swimming and
wrestling teams are both idle this
weekend.
 
— AND Now FOR THIS SUMMER —
Work, Study, or Play Abroad. We try to keep Complete Details
EUROPE - round trip New York/London with group . . . . . . . . . S325
Mid-June/Mid—August
SEE US OK YOUR CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVE. GEORGE WITTGRAF
christ Coupons — Eurqilpoiss — Mi
ibus or bicycle tours - listening - $5 a Day -
Buy or Rent a Car - Vespu Scooters - National Student Association Tours, as
well as jason, S.T.O.P., University Travel, Hilton, and many others.
GRINNELI. TRAVEL CENTER
808 FIFTH AVENUE COURT — 236-A384
 
All
it
By Paul bring
The 1964 college football season ended over Christmas
vacation with the numerous bowl games, and although Alabama’s Joe Namath gave the most outstanding individual performance and Texas the outstanding team performance, I
think the Rose Bowl story carried the biggest moral. In that
game a very good Michigan team country throttled Oregon
State 34-7i Michigan showed a well-balanced team with a
hard charging line, solve talented banks, and great depth
The out-manner servers never really had a chance.
The key to the story, however, was the post-game comment by Michigan quarterback Bob Timberlake to the effect
that many of Michigan’s Big Ten opponents this season had
been superior to Oregon, (On their schedule this would
presumably mean pursue, Ohio State, Michigan State, 11linois, perhaps Minnesota, and even Northwestern, whom Michigan beat 35-0 but who detected Oregon State 7-3.) Although
Californians are arising that the best coast team, Southern
Cal, was not playing in the game, and although we must
not forget that great USC team of a few years ago; this game
proved that the Big Ten still plays a considerable better brand
of football than the West Coast.
Speaking of the Big Ten, their conference basketball
race got off and running this week, as did most of the
major conferences across the country. It seems as though
the Big Ten may be stronger than usual this year. There are
several excellent teams which could make a run for the title,
As of last week four conference teams, Michigan, Minnesota,
Indiana and Illinois were ranked in the top ten. Michigan
and Minnesota both have featured somewhat in pre-conference
action, and will have to improve to find off the challenges
of Indiana and Illinois. Ohio State, pursue, Northwestern
and, believe it or not, Iowa could pull a few assets. For my
own picks, I choose Michigan to win the Big Ten with Minnesota and Illinois close and UCLA to repeat as national
champion.
 
‘ SCARLET AND ILACK
Midwest
Standings
As or January 3 the midwest
conference standings and leading conference showers were:
MIDWEST CONFERENCE STANDINGS
one.
w m.
IS] 153
235 m
262 225
272 257
173 I46
154 169
152 m
127 12s
vol.
i 000
.666
see
his.
due
Cornell.
Gl‘innell
Ripnn ,.
Eelolt .
Knox .. .,
Carleton .,
sl om: .too
Lawrenc: . .250 307 359
Molinionrh 2 mm 145 m5
LEADING CONFERENCE SCORERS
500
.500
.500
.500
G m n 717 Avg
hon Riioolrli (B) 11 10 so 25
Jack GramstCori . oz in 77 255
Ron lenders (Carl) 5 is 24.5
.lL-il print let . ' s 67 22,3
ship given icon) is 42 2]
Rick classes (for) I3 53 21
Gary ciliilnnu (M) 12 iii to
Dave \voting (G) in 40 20
Jim balloon mi . 2| 7a is 7
Tom Steinmetz (L) . is
Roger neck oz; in
Rich Roscrs inn . in
min; piece (Kl . 13
Dave grow (can 7
John Kirov learn ‘ in
can women (L) 27
Prof Helps price
New Book on India
79 195
7s 19
37 13.5
37 155
59 153
37 is
64 I6
rivers L, Thornton (psychol- -
ogy) edited and contributed
three chapters to “An Approach
to Student Personnel Services _
in India," a new book pub«
listed in the Asian nation by ,
the United States
Foundation in India.
The book, which was published in English, is being distributed exclusively in Indian
universities and colleges.
Education ‘
 
css. esnrlne let bombwlm lingiulcmrsooo
Enchhune oi
si Exit:
TED RISSER attempts to score during the opening home
game against simon last Deceinberi Although the computers lost the game, they are now tied for second place
in the conference.
 
College and University Enrollment Up;
Percentage of Women Also Increases
(CPS)‘College and united—
site instruments this tall shared
[0 more than ﬁve million, the
Office of Education, U. S. Department at Health, Educationl
and Welfare said last month.
Students working I. o w a r d;
bachelor or higher degrees
has suffered 4, 988, 000 at 2,135
institutions. Another 332, 400 our‘
pics so. 000 more than last year,.
are enrolled in special one two. I
or three year programs equipment themselves for employ»
menu,
Degree credit students enter
ing college for the first married
increased 17 per cent in con- ,
trust to an average rise of aprl
proximately 7 per cent annually,
for the past 12 years Those
students totally 1,,235 000 as
compared with 1,055,000 a year
ago, Firstrtime students are
freshmen With no prior college.
The jump in firstrtime scroll»
ment reflects significantly the
ed. This impact is expected to
be just as great next year,
Total degree- credit scroll<
series, which break all records
for the 13th consecutive year.
ignore than double the 2,469, you
enrolled 10 years ago. Lasr
year's fall total was 4,,529 000.
Of this years [DEB], over (was
things, 3,4,42 000, are studying
full time.
The proportion or women
among the degree-credit parents edges up slightly for llie
8th consecutive year, from is 4
per cent to 33 8 per cent. trials
are 1,936 000 needs this fall as
compared to 1,739, 000 in 1963.
Myers suits Mail Post,
Replaced by E. Renaud
honest w. Renaud has assumed
the post oi until clerk at the college relating the designation of
Ray Myers during the Christmas
break The announcement was
made louis week by Vice President
permits Ludwig
impact of post- war babies who
are now reaching college age,
the Office of Education report
PASTRIES
m You read! "If 8 multi- millsﬂﬂ- dﬂllﬂl‘ PGSBOlISlDllllV?
chance lo show it in the Air Force. You!
work can pull you and your country ahead.
You can earn your commission at All Force
officer Training School, a threermonlh
Course open to both men and Women. To
apply, you must be within 210 days of your
degree.
For more information, Contact the PromsSOr oi Alr silence ll your Campus has no
u 3 ASP kai’3% AFROTC, see your local Air
r .
Force receiver.
It you are, there‘s a place for you an the
Aerospace Team-Abe U. S, Air Force.
No organization in me world gives young
people a greater opportunity (0 do vital,
responsible work.
IFnr example, just a short while ago a 23<
ear-old Air Force lieutenant made a Starting breakthrough in metallurgy And a
recenlAil {America tackle ls doing add: need
research in nuclear weapons
if you have talent, you‘ll have a
as you like +her
ﬁonce/12L
DAME?! MAW
From
 
 
Eight
News Briefs
Fellowships Available
(CPS) The application deadline for the newly created
White House follows has been
extended one month to January
6.
More than 3,000 applications
already have been received for
the 15 fellowships in the exact<
tlve branch of government,
College students, 23 to 25,
who have completed their formal education before the program gets underway this summer are eligible to apply.
One fellowship will be assigned to the Vice President’s
office, one to each Cabinet
member, and four to members
of the White House staff.
Further information is again
able from the Commission on
White House follows, the White
House, Washington, D. C.
russell published
kyle E. russell (mathematics)
has mail two papers printed recently in mathematics publications.
“approximately an angle division of a sequence of directions"
appeared in the December 1964 issue of The Mathematics Teacher,
and “siemens integrate as map<
rings in elementary applications"
was printed in the November 1984
issue of Mathematics Magazine,
Forum to Post events
The Forum plans to past a list
of events daily that are not on the
regular calendar. The list will be
located in the lobby just outside
the grill door. Notices of events
should be sent to Mrs. powell
Hawk, Forum director, by noon of
the day preceding the event.
Cafe Open to Faculty
The coffeehouse in the Forum is now open to faculty and
staff from 8230 till 11:00 a.m,
(materials 9:00 till 11:00), HOW-
ever, faculty and staff mem—'
bars are reminder by the Forum that they may continue
drinking their morning coffee
in the Grill if they prefer.
‘Exams’ Chapel
College charlie Roger Eldridge
will be “Examining Exams" this
Sunday at ll a.m. in service
Chapel,
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Posiolfice
Ed. note: The following
article is a slightly adapted
version of a story appearing in
the Dec. 11 issue of Time
magazine.
The University of Iowa is a
continued campus this fall. It
has legends who value academic freedom, faculty and students compatible to fresh ideas,
ever-morerliberal financial sun»
port from the legislature. More
important, the university has a
tradition of wise, long»learning
president, recently Iowa in—
started a new one, the first in
24 years.
From the start, the man
seemed to match the office.
Said Howard R, women, 56, in
his inaugural address: "The
University of Iowa, located almost literally on the edge of
SCARLET AND ILACK
a sheffield," must be “a place
that is compatible to the individual human being, that raises
his limitations. i hope we shall
also seek individuality for the
university itself.”
women's durable predecessor,
phones Scholar virgin M. manager, has kept Iowa in the
front rank of state universities.
With manager approaching
mandatory retirement at 68.
the legends last year also began to think about the future.
Screening more than 130 candidates, they finally chose women, a specialist in economic
theory, whom they found only
56 miles away, where he was
president of Grinnell College.
For women it was a homecomingr He got his corporate
from Iowa, taught there for
seven years before becoming
an expert in ﬁscan policy and
 
 
‘ Dr. women, Featured In ‘Time'
the problems of small business
for the New Deal; After several
positions, he_came,‘to Grinnell
in 1955, When Bo’web arrived;
the school was scratching for
students; by the time he left
they were fighting to get in.
Grinnell won one of the first
Ford Foundation matching
grants and, under women, spent
$6,000,000 on construction curriculum revision, faculty wage
increases.
women has brought the same
vitamins to Iowa since his appointment last spring. Already
in progress is $60 million worth
of new construction, including
a fine art center designed by
Harrison and Abramovitz. Plan<
king for a big state university was surprisingly similar to
the needs of Grinnell, women
discovered. “I just had to add
another digit or two."
 
Continued from Page 1
providing for representatives
serving the calls they live in
on South campus.
A third amendment, which
was country detected, would
have provided that the SGA
President would not be the pre‘
riding officer oi the advisory
council. Roger harris, who presented the amendment, argued
that it would guard against too
much power being placed in
the hands of the SGA President. This argument was refused successfully by Dan
Bucks and Johnson.
The entire group of proposed
amendments was passed by the
Student Senate before the meeting was announced. The son
will present an explanation of
the amendments in its next is<
sue (Jan. 22). We were caught'
off guard when told by Johnson and harrison that no final
action would be taken thin
week.
 
 
 
GRINNELL. IOWA
“(SE
'l‘ryaRackctinAcﬁcu...LaoMle§forﬁeﬂgl_vl
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
choose! What you almost saw above was the wooiiest number in years: automobile’s 44-2. Sporting (and
standard) equipment includes a 400cm—in. 345—bp V—8 mill backed with 4-barrel carb and dramatically
named, chambered twin pipes. And “sticky" red-line tires. And front and rear liabilities, heavy—duty
flame, springs and stocks that make lean and away mere memories. Three transmission availabilities, too,
including 3—speed synchromceh, A—on-theyﬂpor and gateway automatic. Better harry over to your Olda
Dealer’s. The 44-2 in a mistress beast! (And it’s the lowest priced high-performance car in american)
L SM IlLE
 
