 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PICTURED ABOVE are part of the 60
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
students. tseoltv and administration members as they
promised college problems in the non-academic environment of "engagement." Finn. right to
left they are Cherie joined, Roger Eldridge [chaplain], LaAnne partner and Keith King.
5&1! photograph by piece shantler
. engagement Topics Included
Liberal Education to login! Lite
dirty students, faculty, and administration members
spent two days last weekend lodging the rain, playing bridge,
participating ill a ”College Bowl” contest, getting to know each
other in a non»authentic way, and — more in line with the preannounced purpose of the engagement — discussing the col-
legs and its problems.
Participants in the engagement arrived at_the principal
camp near phone Friday night and began five discussion
groups, which were concerned with topics from the social atmosphere at Grinnell to the nature of a liberal education,
On Saturday morning, President Glenn suggest flower<
aged a general session of all engineers, Dr. suggest noted
that college students don’t face the fact that they are in a selfregulating society and are consequently too relevant of things
that might upset that society.
“Colleges have to let people make mistakes, but they
can’t allow the students to get away with mistakes day after
day,” Dr. suggest said.
Dr. suggest continued that the students don’t realize “how
 
‘heights' ghost
Campus Men
South campus is entertaining
the opposite sex tomorrow night
by turning itself into a “Geisha
House" where renewable gentleman may email themselves of a
-variety of indispensable services
The occasion: Quad Open House,
of course. That's the time for all
inhabitants of the North to bizrate South and spend the two
golden hours from 8:00 until 10:00,
reading the calls of the Geisha
House while scores of temporarily
oriental and obedient gelshas again
their bidding.
In notification of the desired oi
its guests, the House chair plans
to provide the following:
Off Campus Houses—factors,
shares, and haircuts;
years and James—messages;
Mathemanicures;
Cleveland and Hainesiironingi
Read—shoeshines;
Loose—teahouse,
0n the stroke oi ten, when the
geisltas turn back into pumpkins,
guests and pumpkins may repair
to partner Lounge. There they
are invited to dance the rest of
the night away—to the tunes or a
rock-and-roll band.
Gannonball to Give
Jazz concert Oct. 2
Cannonball elderly, his jazz
telephone and secret, will be on
campus Oct. 2.
model’ly's adapters attribute to
him a “warm and articulate here
equality" as well as intense tax<
em as a jazz supervisor,
Besides being a top jazz performer, elderly is a disc hockey.
freelance jazz writer, and outside
ken compliant of narrative.
ADDRESS HERE:
 
prince college
Oldest College Newspaper West oi the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXIII
erinnell, Iowa. friday. September 24. I765
 
Civil Rights Group Plans Study,
Lectures, Des points Prb/acts
In the nonhrganizational atlas
there of the South Lounge, the
Grinnell civil Rights Group held,
what president Karen jason
turned, a “basically organization.
a1 type meeting” designed to acquaint students with the group’s
planned activities for the year and
with the student exchange prde
gray with LeMoyne College in
Memphis, penn.
The group will concentrate its
activated in three ﬁends. First, a
number of study groups of {our
to six people will be formed to
research social problems. Not limited to civil rights concerns, some
suggested fields for investigation
included warrant labor, Indian
problems, the legacy oi Reconstruction, prison treatment, and
the enforcement of Iowa Civil
rights laws.
Each group will have a faculty
member or knowledgeable per.
son as a sponsor. When the group
has completed its study, its findings will be presented during coffee hours or dinner discussions:
Second, a limited number oi IecturesAtwo or three at most—with
th most prominent leaders of the
civil rights movement—Martin
Luther King, c. T. Vivian, James
Farmer, korea Williams and Roy
talking were mentioned—are
planned but have reached only the
idea stage. Karen jason didn’t
rule out the possibility of visiting a member of the Ku flux
plan to the campus “to star up
a little controversy on campus,”
as she put it
Third, in addition to the LeMoyne College student exchange
program, which no Grinnell student took advantage or this semester, a slim project in Des
 
modules approximately entitled "The Des points Project” promises to be the group's major
advertising or its short history.
probably in conjunction with the
Students for a Democratic Society group, the social action committee oi the Board of Religion,
and other student groups on campus, the Civil Rights Group plans
to work in the “doctors" district where presently there are updated streets, limited plumbing
, DONAHOE—
, (Continued on Page 6)
 
Educare’s First Meeting Attracts 50,
centers Speaks About Student Apathy
In the initial meeting or Educare, the new Grinnell College education association, Associate
Dean Richard H. centers spoke to
a group or so students and faculty
members about the apache of to
day's college students.
centers placed the present lack
of enthusiasm on outside treasures.
“This is a generation of tested
and measured students. They are
too concerned with grades. But it
there were no grades, how could
a student’s comparative standing
with other students in the college,
or even in the nation, be measured?”
centers went on to say that he
had never heard ot a completely
uniﬁed college except for "certain seasons and sports."
"There can be no unity or spirit
or interest. There is usually a nuclear for diversified interests.
Each student must find an area
with which he can identify," centers stated.
“The college community is a
corporate body. Within and beyond one's scsi,
community must
closed centers.
The associate dean ended his
prepaid,” de-
the feeling ot _
 
remarks by rating the image, “it's
not what you know. but who you
know," centers said, ”College is
the place to get the ‘what’. it
also allows you to get to know
EDUCARE—
(Continued from Page 5)
 
thoroughly they control the sites<
lion. They area't aware of the qualifying responsibility they have.
The students have to create their
own environment beyond th 3
rules."
Answering a suggestion that the
students need guides for behavior,
Dr. suggest said, ”Maybe you
really Want an authority ﬁsure to
kick,"
The rest of Saturday was spent
in individual discussion groups.
On Sunday morning, discussion
group chairman presented sum.
varies or their groups' talks,
The hall his group reported that
members of that committee had
agreed that there was a lack of
responsibility and majority on
north campus.
To help alternate this situation,
the group suggested several varieties of “integrated forms,” including alternative men's and
women’s calls on north and south
campus or making one campus
exclusively upperclass and the
other entirely lowerclassl
The academic discussion group
recommended a syllablls of every
course offering be prepared by all
processors so that students can
learn what is expected in each
course.
This committee also suggested
that students of sophomore standing and above be allowed to take
one course a semester on the pass.
fail trading system.
The committee concerned with'
invest' aging the term “liberal edt«
nation reported that its member:
ENCAMPMENT—
(Continued from Page 5)
a
RICHARD WINTERS. new associate dean, at he make to
Educaro.
sun rhczokrapn hy serve sponsor
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. September 24. I95!
 
Grinnell Women's Behavior on For
With coleman's National Findings
By BOB HODIERNE
As a iooruote to last week's story on the sex survey on Grinuell
campus, the 5&8 offers the results of a nationwide survey mm the same
topic.
martin B. coleman, assistant dealt of undergraduate education
and research associate at the Institute for the Study oi Human Problems at Stanford University, conducted a survey from which he COHv
closed that sexual permissiveness has not sweet the American college
campus.
Among his findings was the discovery that threertourths of under.
Tied College women are viewing. The survey taken on the Grinnelt cam-i
put last spring, a survey which was part of a sociology independent
project, found that 77 per cent of cornell women were viewing.
Another finding in coleman's survey which combined with the Grin<
well survey was the fact that premarital interactive among college
women is usually restricted to their future husbands.
coleman said, “It is probably that the incidence of non—liability
using college women has increased , . . little since the 1930‘s."
coleman went on to say that it may be that American college students have evolved patterns of sexual behavior that will remain stable
for some time to come. The behavior consists of getting, interactive
among engaged Couples, and early marriage."
coleman concluded that liability, as an abstract value, has little
meaning to women students. Premarital interactive is scanned by the
great majority for personal or international reasons, according to
coleman.
The reasons that coleman said the needs listed for not engaging
in interactive diiiered somewhat from the reasons given by Grinnell
women.
coleman said that fear oi pregnancy, feelings of built, emotional
upset or loss of self~respect, and ”lack of certainly about the permanence of relationships" were the reasons given by most college women
for not engaging in sexual interactive.
The Grinnell survey said that the reasons given by Grinnell women
for not.having sexual interactive were tear of pregnancy, lack of op»
community, lack of an appropriate setting and uncertainty about attitudes.
 
Encampmen’r. continued
Last weekend‘s engagement was designed to bring
selected students and faculty into contact on a non-academic level. In this respect, the engagement. was a big
success.
Each year, however, the planners of the encamp—
ment are faced with “bringing the spirit of engagement back to Grinnell."
This year’s engagement committee, headed by
Karen Lauterbach, is planning to keep the encamp—
ment going on the Grinnell campus.
Coffeehours with discussion group participants
hopefully will be held throughout the semester.
Re~meetings of the original discussion groups may'
allow them to come up with portable ideas instead of
off-the-top-of»the-head suggestions.
The final reports of the five groups should provide
a solid base for general discussion.
And it would seem that the non~engineers of the
Grinnell community would have some interest in seeing
that the $600 spent. to provide a pleasant atmosphere
for 60 persons for two days was well used.
charles and Black
GRINNELL dollsﬁl
crime". Into
a weekly newspaper published rich Frulay or the cookie year by {he Gi-indian committee on Student ruhilcrtlom. permitted for national advertising by National Ads
during since inc., college Publishers representative,
is Easi_50th sirgst, New York 22, N.Y. Second class post.
ago fund 2! trim-tell, row-i. subscription but: ratio per
n-noon vsar iron nzid subscriptions.
John Wall
Humid autos
. sub llodlome
Steve Casey
nusmnss MANAGER
ASSOCIA‘IE EDITOR
brokers EDITOR
(Pond-bye for awhile. set.
kmrultr; ammo .
CIRCULATION MANAGER
cfuzr OF CHICAGO EUREAU
muiocithrimits
xhitotutas
, , , Cynthia artist
\v. Chludler Mohmiuii
siic below
. . . Scott yntrlrh, Stew summer
Alan Axclmd. link! him, Sue unmulsi, rural jersey,
inn| lnrﬂzy, rain Clly, time Fnrmr, .lcfi men.
Run uiie, means“: Mall, Mary heart-oiin sue point-must,
Kris cash, cleaner yuio, alone Ponlnrallct.
inn Rptruny, may Rankin, Mnry Ruvuiiun.
Connie Slmml, wsyiio stewart, Barbara Wosriull
uusmrss suit-iv . ,Itiny kossmun, part-i. numbers, susan will
 
 
And Then The Letters Came...
Eldridge . . .
To the Editor:
“Sexual Behavior of American
College Women," published in the
Merrillel’alter Quarterly, January
1965 by M. B. coleman concluded
that there has been little shift in
the sexual behavior oi college ii
men in the past so years: “the pi
portion of non-viewing among Cole
legs females has remained relative
ly constant . . , College women
change the‘ attitudes towards
sexuality during the college years
generally in a more liberal direction. The code of behavior they
end with, however, is a relatively
conservative one for themselves.
but a relevant one for others.”
Thus a real researcher shows that
Gael Greene (Sex and the College
Girl) deals more in impressionism
than fact. He also provides us
with some perspective on our
own “23 per Cent.”
Not all permissions people input
subsequent grammar. but i great
majority do, less because they feel
that they have isolated a moral
rule than because they realize that
their probability was an indication or an egocentric condition of
character. The similar egocentricity of two people is no less debian»
rating than that of one; mortality
of consent is not a saving travel
But errors with a spotless past
who arshly judge and disease the
23 per cent display their own variety of egocentricity, which is one
reason why l think more tolerance
in this area is a good thing. We
need to remember the “throwing
the first stone" payable, An egocen
trio condition of Character seems
to me to be the basic problem and
it may or may not corporate with
sex practices. This is why a lot of
the discussion of Grinnell’s 23 per
cent which I have heard the last
few days seems supervision.
Roger Eldridge
College Chaplain
 
Sahean . . .
To the Editor:
1 have heard the statement ex
pressed in the last few days on
north campus that the publication
of the “Grinnell Kinseyrlike sur-
\‘ey” was opportunity. It is shared
that Grinnell women will be a.
fraud of any sort of social inter»
course, because they do not want
to become members of a minority
group.
JoclSabean
Port...
To the Editor:
My buddy and I have shipped
up a you lirauntype rocket and
space eapule as a project for our
course in Aerospace Studies. We
plan to taste off from a Cape Ken»
nedy-type searching pad on Ward
Field next Friday and hope that in
Line with your encountered policy
of reporting you will give page
one Coverage to this important scientific event, We have trained ourselves as Cooper and font-adtype
astronauts and are bound for some
Mars-type planet in outer space.
Next. week when we return we
will provide you with a series of
graphs representing the results of
our exhibition and provide that
the longer people live the older
they get, that people who don’t are
prove of doing something are less
likely to engage in that activity
than others who don't disapprove,
and other equally accounting reve-
nations.
Ken C. R. )5. Port
While i r e s h m a n women's
hours are 10:30 pm, the forum
{llc Series will be shown at
10:00 rather than at lUZZl).
 
'SDS-Type Program' Leader
enterprise Group's Purpose
To the Editor:
As one of the respiratory of last
Wednesday's socalled SDS meet
ing, i would like to amend the
view presented in the pages of this
newspaper. First and forecast. the
meeting was not an SDS meeting;
it was rather the second meeting of
an unaffiliated group interested in
civil rights and SDSrtype programs,
several of whose members have
worked for SDS. The purpose of
this meeting was neither to organize an SDS chapter nor to make
any kind of policy statement, but
rather to talk to Billy King, a visit.
ing SDS worker, and to throw a»
round some ideas about possible
projects. We were neither ex eating nor prepared to say anyt iu
defining to the large number 0
students (much less the press) who
suddenly appeared. All this is not
to say that we are not most happy
to have attempted the interest of a
large number of students. or that
we are not most happy to have
been given trout page coverage in
the 5&3, but rather to pressure
those who might have been disappointed by the meetings lock of
organization and program. Naturally we hope that increasing him.
sets of students (and faculty) will
allow an interest in the type ol
concern and commitment which
originally brought our group together, and, indeed, the crossing
of such interest is one of the goals
of the group. Perhaps if such meet»
inns and issues as these continue
to make the front page of the sail:
soniethiii can be done to raise the
level of inclusion on this campus
from the amazing low point of recent years. Certainly any article on
SDS, however misconstrued, is better than the instead and drilling
driver of last year's “sad fresh»
man” and “youthful upperclassl'llal'l.H
Bill barrier
 
Gilmour, Iowa Anti-Poverty Director,
sites Conservative Appeal of Program
The director of the Iowa “War
on Poverty” has described that
program as “tailormade for the
conversations of Iowa."
Dr. C. admin Gilmour (political
science), who has mken a year's
leave of absence to become “Director of the Otﬁce of Economic
Opportunity" in Des points. re
turned to Grinnell last Friday to
speak before a meeting of the
League of Woman Voters.
Gllmolll‘ said that the new anti—
poverty program was made [or
conversations “politicians because
it is decentralized and economics ly because it assists on full Value
for every dollar sperm"
l-le placed the communications
media for creating the disorder»
standing that the program was
“just another Federal program
with horses of employees and
hidden with politics." The Des
holmes Register in particular was
guilty at "normally irresponsible
reporting and lack of perspective"
in its coverage of the program in
iowa, Gilmour added.
He then reviewed the need for
the program nationally and the
progress already made in Powesheik county. Gilmour sulnmarizs
ed the “War on Poverty” as “the
most promising small program of
our lifetime."
 
Reichs . . .
To the Editor:
Though rm hardly in the cabin
of writing letters to friends. n-ln
times, or editors, I did feel i should
express any views on the “wins
like" survey published by the ad .
The article, 1 felt, was unnecessary
and remaining to the college and
its students, although I do not
imagine it crime as any great. sur.
price to them. However, i am most
concerned with the effect it must
have had on the parents who sub»
script to the paper. Surely it was
not. necessary to alarm and titstress them by publishing this miller northwest survey. To prove my
point, I include a letter I receive‘d
from an hunt. after she read the
article. is any notoriety gained by
the article worth this poor lady‘s
mistress?
l list received my latest copy at your
school Mwspnper. You can it me 5&5
for short, don't you? By rights mon: manuals should stand for SMUTTY «rid
BAWDY rather than started Ind bluctr, at,
though (has: colors have their own in.
nuendos! of course. you oiusr bv now
realize that ibis outburst of lnlllgnvlion
and average concerns that list-1mg:
article about Grlnnsll College co-vol her
hlvlor. The paper didn't even have the
defence to hide the article towards lh!
end or the publication _ and [hat picture
series in the sports section is inst visit
lead and suggestion: A girl getting up.
dressed on the football field — my
WORDl
i really don't see how you moderate that
type of behavior. As my most dear and
precious piece, and through a long and
close relationship, l know that i full
brought you up well. 1 did sure that Amy
young lady of your hearing and mien is
certainly lung the upper echelon of
your school, and l am very proud of
you. I am so intensity proud that us
others have slackcned their moms and
their skirts that you have maintained
your quantity and spiritual excellence
ll 1 had any say To rush right up there
and grab you by the hook or my can:
and drag you right out of that valley of
sin but perhaps you serve banking b
our by staying there as a wholcsolne.
butt example H the episode or viii
as l trust you will always be
My hurt is with VOIL~A|IHI cause
senate Reid"
quarter Will Present
Month’s Lasl concert
Three members ol‘ the xerox
quarter, artists-independence, will
present tale last of a series of
three September concerts this evening at 8 pm in Roberts Theatre.
Delmar Pettys, violin, Paul
perth, villa and piano, and Donald McCall, Violoncello, will play
four numbers: Beethoven’s trio,
“Serenade," Op. 8, and diet for
villa and cells, “With Two sunglasses opligoto"; the mandate
halloween violinrcello diet “PassaCaglia": and the Mendelssohn»
partially Trio No. l in D Minor.
011.49.
Violinist Peter Marsh, the
fourth member of the xerox group,
is missing from the last two or
the three concerts in the series
because of an emergency appendectomy performed last week.
Tuesday Lecture
’above of mother’
Does man have to be a slave
to matter?
This question will be explorer
in depth at the annual Christian
Science lecture entitled “The
pathology of Matter", to be given
next Tuesday, September as. at
8:00 9.1!). in service Chapel. The
lectures will be Mrs. before D.
banks of Portland, Oregon. She is.
ii member of the Board of Leotureship of the Mother Church,
The First Church of Christ, union--
list, in Boston, Massachusetts. The
free lecture will be sponsored by
the Christian silence Organization
on Grinnell campus. Alter tlic leCture there will be a period for
questions and discussion certain—
ing to the lecture or to christian
Science in general.
 
Friday. September 24. im
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page 111!
 
j/tmp‘etc
Mad/ta,
by harlequin
The theatre is composed of
many parts—all equally important—but some are less apparent
than others to the audience. Makeup is generally one of these hidden
arts. The artists who pmVlde the
faces for the actors seldom achieve a recognition beyond the
theatre arts world.
Make-up originally in the trim.
drive visual, with magic symposium
at prime importance. The mask
and generated body were used to
brighton levels, income the gods,
or represent natural forces. In addition, the promotion wishes to
concept his identity, which might
affect the magic. The grotesque
symposium became more refined
as society became more complex;
the breaks and Chinese reduced
it to a discussed representation of
conventional characters. Through
the ages, these conventions
changed in form, but remained
Headquarters For: .
BLOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRESSES
APPAB EIcninnrrt
 
surely representative. it was not
until fairly recent timeSAfrom the
Elizabethan period that make-up
became more realistic. By the end
of the nineteenth century, efforts
were being made to be periodically
authentic.
Today, with tale compliance and
clarity of modern theatre light»
ing and the many possible visual
effects, make-up has become a
complex art. Lighting effects tend
to wash out the actor‘s skin color
and history the shadows and
planes of this face. When expected
applied, makeup counters this
through the use or covering—
known as the base—and living.
Besides merely resulting an actor's face to him, makeup can help
him look more the part from
changing his race to adding more
emotional value. (Malevolent
characters must look evil.)
The make-up artist must be
equally creative and industrious.
santa compression, head of this
year's makeup department, has
had both the practice and the
training that have made her as
fine as she is. We at Grinnell
have seen her art in the past,
and I am Sure we can look for
ward to another year or her mystery enhancing the plays. She also
has never been south to teaching
customers the art of make-up.
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
 
DENO'S PIZZA
CARRY-OUTS and FREE DELIVERY
PHONE 236-6334 or 236-7205
PIZZA
CHEESE
ONION
DENO'S SPECIAL
SAUSAGE
BEEF
PEPPERONI
BACON
HOUSE SPECIAL
FRIDAY SPECIAL
GREEN PEPPER
MUSHROOM
SHRIMP
HAM
SALAMI
4:00
OPEN
12" Small
$l.05
1.15
g 1.55
1.30
1.55
1.55
1.30
2.10
1.60
1.55
1.60
1.60
1.60
T30
14" ratio
$1.70
1.75
2.35
2.10
2.35
2.35
2.10
3.25
2.40
2.35
2.40
2.40
2.40
2.10
no Sunday-thunder
panama Friday—saturday
Party Room
 
 
Trip Through the ‘Land of Smiles'
Brings Thai (harm to Grinnellian
Ed. Note: The l‘allowing ls
another letter from a Fifth Year
Abroad student in Thailand. This
letter is from leija Dedavas.
Settling myself in my seat, I
closed my eyes. I felt hot and
tired after my short and unnerv»
ing ride through the created city
streets. it is always a miracle to
escape the onslaught of traffic
here. Yes, i was various to get
back to the peace and quiet
which 1 had left more than three
weeks before. The fan charles
overhead but barely made a star
in the still impressive Bangkok
heat. I turned my head and games
out the window at the carrying
crowd of people. Thai women in
multi - colored p a s i n s (native
skirts), carrying their baskets,
candles and sleeping babies,
brighceyed c h i in men, Buddhist
private, Chinese students, families
of Malayan industry—all moved
through the compartments and
sought their seats. i could hear the
awareness looking oI taxes and
other city sounds and smell the
various doors so characteristic of
this Oriental city. Then, with a
volt me diesel train started slowly
to move out of the station on its
way to the North and Chlengmai,
my destination.
Monotonous Click
I signed as I thought or the
fighters-hour train trip. it would
be a long journey, but also an
interesting one. Thailand is always more than willing to provide
a least for all the lenses, so i
knew I would not be bored. Al.
:ready the tutorial countryside be-
‘can to flash by as the train
continued to increase speed and
slip out of the city. The late
afternoon sun played on the start.»
chef of water in the rice fields
and klungs (canada). Laughing
brownrskinned children leader and
polished in the buddy water. A
short distance away, water buffalo followed COnlellledly in the
warm mild. Boats skilled along
on the smaller territories carrying
loads of bahamas, golden minutes,
juice singapore, and other fruit
and vegetables. As the train seed
ion, the sun began to set in a
‘florists burst of red and orange.
illustration the palm trees with
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases amd
Solutions
Eyes
Exq mixed
Phone 236-3779
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post- Office
Closed Yhuu. EM.
and Sell. PM.
 
crowns of gold and competing with
the luxurious tropical blocks. At
moments like this, one is aware
how elderly invisible man is of
fully wrapping the beauty around
him. How truly beautiful is God's
world! . . . .
Then, just as quickly, the colors
became more hundred, and eve
king settled like a soft dark blank
get upon the countryside. The night
love a different spell: black palm
trees silhouetted against a gray
sky—black wishes and the dark
outline of still houses—gray water
reﬂeating the gallery great of the
moon—but the beauty was still
there, perhaps a little mysterious
in the dark softness of the night.
And then, slowly, friendly little
lights began to ﬂpoker like tire.
files across the dark fields.
I times my attention to my yellow passengers. Across the title,
1 met the unflinching black eyes
oi a pink-sized boy. An army of.
fiber with a lovely smile occupied
the seat in from of me. A Buddhist
priest adjusted his saffroncolored
role and pubmed on a cigarette,
while his two younger conditions
were deeply expressed in their
banks. 1 had a pleasant chat with
the officer, who was dedicated at
my efforts to communicate in
Thai. And I, in turn, was equally
dedicated with the excellent English of one of the two notices who
told me about his education in
India. Just then, an elderly man
with hotel-started teeth shuffled
by, and our conversation was in.
permitted.
shaw cam Favorite
The steady and monotonous
click of the wheels proved more
clothing than a lullaby and soon
I Tell into a llllul sleep. The air
blowing through the open window
had become quite cool, and l
wishes I had taken my hotel out
of my suitable to use as a blanket,
but, grnggtly, i decided it was too
much trouble to get it. Every
time the train stopped, hundreds
of bugs described upon the passengers, tn enjoy us further. And,
to add to my discomfort, the seat
was a little too sllorl. (0 iii this
"caring" (forbidden) nhl The
jobs of traveling in the friend .
With the first rays of light
breaking through the darkness,
people began to star. Before too
long, the fragrance of food acid
coffee began to draft from the dining car. The car boy began to
carry plates oi “shaw that" (tried
rice with tried egg and december
slides) and glasses of hot coffee
through the compartments. Just
then we pulled into another one
of the many attractive and wellness stations which but the country.
side, Roses, winning, and snapdrag.
ons, as well as other flowers and
shrubs gave an visiting appear-
 
anna to the station. Even before
the train had stopped, women
pushed to the windows talking
their wales. Passengers stood at
the open windows containing over
the prices. Skinny dogs scheduled
and started over script of food
thrown from the train. Scrawny
checking squawked underwear, add
ing to the general confusion.
Children scurried hack and forth
selling water in bamboo containers and various kinds of archive.
plays of “cookies" wrapped in
banana leaves (much better than
paper) passed under the windows,
“sticky rice" here (aluminium rice
water with the fingers). dried
beef, tried chicken, joined eggs,
packard minutes, created buna<
was, planets, as well as heavy
trans with fresh minutes, bank<
was, and other tropical india.
fighters-hour Trip
The train began to move as I
paid for my last purchase, "shaw
law," one of my favorites. it's
an interesting combination of “stio
ky" rice, coconut cream, and
Sometimes beans. This lSitl'well
related in a stack of bamboo. I
ordered ice tea, Settled back In
my seat, and, unwrapping the banana leaves, began to enjoy my
breakfast, Others were enjoying
their food too. chris eat constantly,
especially when they are traveling. The mother of the little boy
with ”big eyes” offered me several
delicious minutes.
By now the country had changed
appearance. instead of the flat
land and next rice fields of the
central plain, the train now
stated around quickly wooden
hills. sales, tall evergreen trees,
and standard bl'oadrleafed team
trees cast; shadows in the morning light, and bamboo stickers
saved their teachers places at
the slowly moving train. mountain
and shrubs, glasses and existing
respective lines added bush
growth to the northern jungle.
Finally, around ll):45 a.m.. the
train pulled into Chiengmai. It
was good to be home. Loaded
down with my suitable, bags,
camera, and crossword and ar<
rows (converter ol' Angkor sat),
istruggled from the coach. A
young Thai, seeing my flight, offer'ed to carry my suitable and
bags, provide out here, anyway,
chivalry is not dead yet. We're
carried along with the crowd until we reached the waiting sam<
loss (bicycle medicare) and “thus
tours" or taxes. A long haggic
ensure over the fare-Aha driver
assisted on live baht or twentyfivc cents, and I assisted. just as
firmly, on one baht, or the cents.
We finally agreed on two baht.
Thus ended a very typical and
pleasant train ride through Thailand, the Land of Smiles.
 
TAST
PASTRY SHOP
a variety
‘of daughters
and cookies
723 Broad
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK A
New Instructors State Ideals,
other Experience, Achievement
Ed. hotels Following are
tries about four of Grinnell‘s
new processors. Next week more
of the new faculty members will
be covered.
Zimmar
A new instructor in psychology
is George P. Zimmar, Zimmar
holds 35. and M.Al degrees from
Roosevelt University. He has spent
the past {our years working on
a variety of research problems in
psychology at the State University of New York at Buffalo. He
also worked as a part-time instructor at richard Fillmore College,
the evening division of Buffalo,
teaching psychological and introductory Psychology, He has been
It lectures at rotary Hill College
in Williamsvllle, New York. several of his papers have been pub-
ﬁshed.
dollar
Desire to teach in a small liberal arts school was chief among
the medications which brought
William dollar, new instructor in
economics, to Grinnell College this
fall. A graduate of Oberlin College, he received his master's
degree from Princeton University.
preventing a student discussion
approach in his classes. the young
instructor believes that the our»
pose of a professor is to develop
student interest in his field. "Too
often a teacher feels that his job
Is to impact to his classes the
knowledge which he has accummulated,” he explains. "l teen that
the real challenge is to create a
authority about our field and to
show students how to pursue this
authority."
 
Nelz'car
penny D. Nefzger, new instructor in sociology at Grinnell, comes
to us with a B.S.c, degree from
the University of Iowa He re
gently completed his M.A. requirements at Southern Illinois
University. where he also finished
nearly all courses for his PhD.
degree.
Between his graduation from
Iowa and his participation at
Southern illinois, he spent three
years in the United States Air
Force and worked for the St Louis
branch of the Maytag Companyl
Edwards
The theory that a liberal arts
education serves no practical purpose is strongly refused by Jack
Edwards, Grinnell‘s new assistant
professor of political science. “For
most productions, four years ot
college is not enough; more specialized training is u really
required." he commented.
Four years of instruction in business administration, for example,
is no longer a passport to success
in the business world, according
to the young teacher. “Most com»
daniel are interested Ln bright.
capable young men whom they
will be willing to train themselves." he continues l‘The broad
understanding and perspective
which result from a liberal arts
education give the Grinnell graduate an advantage over the typical university graduate."
Specializing in the American [)0
optical system, Edwards is a graduate of manchester College and
recently completed studies for his
LLB. at Harvard University.
 
‘Hidden Scholarship’ Is Worth $1200
To Us Poor. gathered Grinnellians
Did you realize that you. you
poor, broke, gathered Grinnelllan,
are the proud, it investing, professor of a $1200 scholarship? A
“Hidden Scholarship" — that‘s a
closer little term that the administration applies to the fact that if
each student were charged the
full cost of a Grinnell education,
he would be coaching up 53700 per
year instead of his present modelling $2600. And what are the other
sources of financing? Or, to put it
in more Grinnellian terms, who
the neck picks in the rest?
DANISH MAID
Home of Quality
Large variety
of delicious
cookies and
daughters
4th Ave.
 
Indulge Your
spurgeon’s
Well, there's the equipment
fund—including the income producing properties, like “our" securities, oil wells and such, which
totally up are worth about l5 million and yield about $350,000 a
year. Then there are capital gifts,
like the Ford Foundation affair,
and. on the other hand, gifts from
people. All of which are quite vital
and necessary since the 1964—65
budget was $4,110,619.
Expenses range all the way from
$22,000 for laundry (think what
they could save it they’d only let
the student body sleep on their
bed pads) to $200,000 in fridge
benefits for employees. Others include: 75,000 for electricity; 13,000
for water (signiiying that printer—
loans study more and baths less?)
60,000 for fuel; 16,000 for fire insurance (possibly this could be
reduced if some funds were changelog into buying some ashtrays
for ARH); 673,000 for building and
grounds (probably subsidiary by
north campus social funds): and
1.400.000 for salaries.
What it all adds up to is that if
someone just off the top of his
head decided to buy GrinnEII College, it would cost ’em 25 million.
And although not always config»
fred an asset by the administration, it causes one to wonder—is
the student body also included in
this figure?
Friday. September 14. [965
Wall Discusses Year in Sweden.
Describes Scandinavian Education
By ANNE FARRER
“Like a Minneapolis on the
coast" is how Joseph Wall (history) describes oothenhurg, Sweden. where, taking a bit of a
husman's holiday, he worked at
the University of Gothenburg last
year setting up an American Studies program.
Teaching a lecture course and
a seminar, he found that Swedish
students do not work quite as
hard as American since they take
their final exams at their own
discretion—and as a result of their
own discretion, some had re
gained ot the university for ﬁve
or six years and gave no indication ct leaving within the near
future.
Sweden’s educational system
nearly avoids two rather common
us. collective problems: open
forms and boards. The ﬁrss is
due to the fact that Gothenhurg,
as most European schools, has
no residential campus, or much of
a campus at all, since the departments are scattered all over the
city and the two forms that they
do have are owned by the modern.
ment and run by the students.
Swedish secondary schools give
the student the equivalent of an
American junior college education. and by the time they reach
the university, the students are
approximately 20 and have
"grown out of and gotten over (he
heard stage.”
Wall her Sweden is "pleasant and civilized country" which
has also rather nearly decided a
few domestic problems by avoid—
ing war and not having war costs
to burden the national budget.
However, this does not reply that
militarily or automatically Sweden
is in a state oi vegetation, for
“it is a neutral but not pacifistic
country" with universal construction. Wall expressed the View that
within the next three or four
years, unless there is an international argument control, Sweden will develop itself as an atomic power. He also observed that
the high standard of living there
is matched and well calculated
with its cost. As for the people,
the Walls enjoyed them, although
“they seemed to be eating most
of the time."
To avoid “the long. dark Swe—
 
dish winter" the Walls traveler to
Greece for Christmas. .During the
summer they made several side
trips: to Leningrad, which had ‘
“depression air of post-war exhibition” and a limited selection
or material at the news station
to the other Scandinavian countries, which are quite distinct from
one another; and to northern sweden, where Wall attended a seminar for English teachers from all
over Scandinavia, including iceland.
Five Administrators
Af Two Gatherings
Five Grinnell administrative
staff members attended meetingot the Iowa College treatments'
Association and the Iowa roller'
Foundation held Sunday, Monday,
and Tuesday.
President Glenn suggest, Dean
of the College James Stauss, Vice
President permits Ludwig, and
News Service Director Roger McMullin attended the meeting ot the
iowa College treatments' Association in Marshalltown Sunday and
Monday.
Dr, suggest. McMullin, and Don.
and zambia, assistant to the president (development), were at a
meeting of the luwa College foundation in Des points Tuesday.
Grinnell PR Staff
Meets in St. Louis
Two members of Grinnell’s public relations staff were in Std
Louis, Mo., Sunday and Monday
to attend special committee sessions in advance of the annual
conference of the eightstate MidAmerica District of the American
College Public Relations association, to be held Nov. 2030 in St.
Louis.
Fred l-less, director of plastic relations, who is one of two district
representatives on the national
board of trustees of ACPRA, took
part in conference planning sessions He also was a member of
a district hy-laws revision committee Which met under the championship of Mrs. Ruth Prescott,
associate director of public relations
 
LOOK YOUR
BEST!
— KNITTING SALE —
Start Those fully theaters
Now for the Long Prairie Winter
Step ”P To WITH CLOTHES
CLEANED AT
SWEDES
LAUNDRY
Serving North at South
Campus agencies
D sensitive “10% Virgin Wool
knitting worried 4 01.. 4 pay
_ 88¢
SKEIN
I Glamour-sessions from DuPont
union payable. 4 02.. 4 pay .
$133
SKEIN
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated — nt 9221/, Main, Grinnell
»0 COMPLETE SELECTION OF BATES
KNITTING NEEDLES 8t AIDS 816 Commercial
 
 
 
Friday. September 24, I755
The bridge Poi
By DOUG MCCORMAC
Fun, fun, fun! We’ve all had
it, haven't we? Summer was
great. Europe was great. New
York was great. iowa waseox.
I had a desirable summer, of
course So what? Did you have
such a hot time? Get off it, you
, were desirable, too. If you had
fun, at least you felt guilty about
it.
Only one exciting thing has
peter in my quiet town all summer. One night, my mother stuck
into the kitchen and searched two
previews.
"You’ll never lose any weight
that way," I warned her later.
She produced. “Who asked you?
Why don’t you go down in the
basement and let your clothes
not.“ She often sniveled like this
when in the wrong, and I knew
that I must treat her more gently.
"Dr. followed says you're is int
ugly slow," I tried.
“Who asked him?" she sniveled.
“You did," I returning "You
asked him why you were overweight, and he said it was because
you are a fat ugly slow. That prev»
tel won’t improve Dr. followed's
opinion of you, either.”
Actually, I didn’t give a damn
about url followed‘s opinion, since
he had been dead for five years.
His dying words were, “She's a lat
ugly slab," and they probably did
not even refer to Mumsie.
But for private recording reasons that would only interest a
tenant, I wanted to demonstrate
the true reasoning about the matter to my mother. The reason I
wanted to show up my mother was
 
that she had taken the last previews.
“They always say, ‘as thin as
a preview,’ " she ﬁrally said, smug1y.
“who are they?" I threaded
with wild front. “Why are they
always creating into our convert
stations? Shall the world never be
rid of this foul configuration?"
“If we don't keep on eating our
previews. it won't," Mumsie said
as she edited. Now I could see
that she was extremely lightweight. "A preview a day keeps
the foul considerations away."
“A incl configuration on your
foul conflagrationsi" I block—
signed. “Never eat a pretzeil” l
universalized with momentous stupendity. "those it all," I sniveled
in despite.
It did not matter, for my mother could no longer hear me. She
was in the basement eating previews while her clothes posted,
Excitement and fun, as you can
see, have as many faces as a
woman. They need not be glittery and expensive. Often. root
and dehaunchery, when equipped
of their courses outer tags, are
naked. Sometimes they are not.
Everything ultimately depends
upon a powerful, pleasant, optimistic attitude]
ENROLLMENT UP
Campus enrollment for this
year’s fall semester is up nearly
2 per cent over a year ago. While
first semester last year there
were 1145 students registered, this
year there are not) students at»
sending the school. These ﬁgames
reflect the larger size or this
year’s treshman class.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
IRS to Participate
In Toronto Teach-in
The Committee on international
Studies Program and the International Relations Club will country
sponsor Grimell’s participation in
the International Teach-in speed<
used to he held on October 8-10 in
Toronto. The theme of the conference is “Revolution and Re
spouse.” and it will center on the
diet Nam and Dominican crisis.
Grinnell’s public address system
will be connected with the conference on Saturday afternoon,
October 9.
Among the speakers who have
accepted thus far are Dr. Cheddi
japan, formerly Prime Minister
of British guyana; Patrick for—
don Walker, former British Foreign Secretary; and representatives from Saigon, Hlmol, the us.
Government, and the National
generation Front in diet Nam.
} Educate
(Continued from Page 1)
the people who will help you find
your interests".
party Yaseen, vice president and
program chairman of Educare, introduced the speaker.
Future meetings of the group
will feature speakers and a question and answer session on "Freedom and Discipline," “Day and
Night Life," "Generalities and
electricity," “Artificiality oi
Course gotten ," and "The trading System."
Educare is open to anyone interested in issues regarding education.
 
b engagement
(Continued team Page 1)
agreed that: a liberal education included obtaining some knowledge
of the practical. To aid this aim oi
education, the group suggested
that more men of affairs be invited
to speak on campus.
This committee also recommended strengthening the rule of
interdisciplinary clubs on campus.
The group discussing the Grin—
well social situation suggested that
the college attempt to foster closer
college-town relations.
The group given the responsibility of talking about the college and
its students decided that a more
exciting series of corporations
might help the spirit of community that may be ending on the
Grinnell campus.
In an effort to bring the ideas
of the engagement back to the
campus, the engagement committee is planning remeetlngs oi the
original discussion groups later in
the year. Other plans along this
line include distribution and pub«
location of the final committee reports and coiiehaurs with engagement participants and interested
students.
ROTC Promotions
The following ROTC promotions
were announced this Week by Kris
cash, ROTC information officer.
Donald Potter, cases major;
Donald berlin, cases captain; Kris
cash, cases Ist Lt; John norman,
cases 2nd Lt.; Doug Atterberg,
cases 2nd Lt; Richard Starkeson,
cases technical 53:; and Jeff Cook,
technical set.
 
big. Five
Grinneil outcomes
New xerox Artist
Delmar Pettys, the new member of the xerox quarter, has
come to G'russell directly from
five years at the brilliant School
of Music, where he received both
his Bachelor and Master's degrees. Pettys was a scholarship
student at brilliant and studied
under Joseph sucks and Oscar
Shumsky.
In 1960 Pettys was a tourist for
the Portland Junior Symphony in
his home town of Portland, are.
The Lenoir additional Pettys on
the recommendation of various
musicians. The day before his
xerox addition. Pettys had additional and been accepted by the
Boston Symphony; the contract
was almost signed!
Pettys, 22, was married last
summer and now live: on Broad
Street.
Name
Cheerleaders
Freshman cheerleaders were
chosen by the variety squad following trynut workshops held list
week. Those selected were Stephanie integer, newbie DuNann,
Jan Strleff, Jeanne service, Sue
Wright, and martha brake. Linda
Hauserman will serve as alternate
Their first home game is Oct. 21
with Knox. They will also be
checking third quarter at the
Homecoming game Oct. 16.
Patronize Our
Advertisers
 
illlHIIIHlllIIIillllllliillllllllllllllIIIlllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillillllllllillllllllllllllllillllIIIIillllllllillllllllillllllllllllil llllllllllilllliilmlllillllllllllllllllillllllllillllilliilllllllmlllllllHlillllllHillilHllliilillillllllllllillllllllllllllIIllllllilllilllllllilmillillmlllillllllilillllllllMillilllilimllllilllllIIIlllllllillllliliilllllllillllllllllllllillllllilmlllillllllillllllilllllliilmllilllillliltllillllillllilligﬁ
TRADING STAMPS, CHARGE ACCOUNTS, FREE DELIVERY AND LOW PRICE
4" CIGARETTES cLAiiiot 3““ "'3 6'"
(“TEX Nice 'N Easy AFTER SHAVE
POLISH REMOVER 2'8 5 (m 2'89 1-36 s3
illliiiiiilllliiHilllillllilllillllllllllllllllliiiiilliiiiiiilliiiHilliiliHillliiiiillliiiilillliiwllliiiilllliiHillliiiilllliiiiilllliiiiillliiliiiiiillliiiiMilliHilllliiiHilliiiKiwiiiiliiiiiiliiiiilllliiiiilliiiiiilliiiHillliiiiiillliiiiillliiililliiiiiilliiiiill lllllilllllllilllilllilllilllilllllllillllllllHilllillillllHllllilllllliillllllilli
83‘ 60 75‘ $1.50 GLEEM BUFFERIN CUTEX MISS
5]
T0011] PASTE 6 3c NAIL POLISH SPRAY NET
WILDROOT
FLU S 4' C 66‘
IIIHHllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIlHllilllllllllillllllllllllllllillilillilllllllllllllllltllllllllililllllillllllllilllllll
GREAM-OIL
2 EVEREABY _ HilillllilliiilliiililliiiiiilliiiiiilllliiilillliiHillliHillliiiiHilliiHilliiHillliiiililliiiHilliiHilliiiiilliiiiiilli
$1 .1 o
HAIR nnrssmti $1.23 n...
6 4 °
" " 5‘“ s1.19
CLAIROL
5 3" 61‘
FLASHLIGHT DIREXIN
4 to Go Lipsticks
IliiiiiillliiiiiilllliiiiilillliiiiiiillliiiiiillliiiiiiilliiiiiilliiiiiiiliiiiiilliiiiilllliiiiiiililliiiiUllliiiiillliiiiilllliiiiiillliiiiiilllliiiiillliiilillliiiiillliiiiillliiiiiiliiiiiiililliiiiiillllliiiiiiillililiilllliliiiilliiiiiill
llllﬂmomﬂlllmililmimlllmllllllﬂw
BATTERIES
For holds
66‘
lllllllilllllllilllllllllHlllllllllllliilllllllilllllllillllliillllllilllllilmllliliillllliliilllllllllllilillllllllllillilliillwilllllHillllllllllillllllillllllllilllllllilllllllilHllllillllllllilllllllllllliiillllllilll
79¢
MENNEN SKIN BRASER
51‘
illlllllllilllllllllllllllllllillllllllillllliiilllllliiilllllll lllliillllillilllllllillllllllilHMilliHllllillHillilHlllllillHillllHHilllillllillililllillllmlllllllllllllllillllllllllllilllmllllllilllllltillliliml?
DIAL 236-3151 D R U G' ’527 ‘4TH AVE
GRINNELL'S ausuEsr DRUG STORE
. ﬁlmilllliiiHlillliiiililllllllllllllliilllilllilHllilliillHililHiiililllliillillliillillllillillllillilliiilliiiHlllliliiiiilliiHllllillllllllllHlililllllillilllilllillllilllllllillilHliiiiilllliilliilllliiliiHiUlllliiHiilliiiilillliiii
 
Page Six
bDonahoe's Experience
(Continued from Page 1)
facilities, and many other proof€ms interest in any slim area
Jean Vandervoort, past vice
president or the Students for a
Democratic Society c h a p t e r,
tried participation in the project,
spoke of the need for student come
continent, and said that a project
oi this kind was an excellent oppm‘nudity for students to see how
a political power structure works.
Nancy McCannon, as an 'infinite to the expression that the
Civil Rights Group never does
anything but talk, said, ”II you
Want to do something, work on
this project.”
compared by the fact that the
students are students and must attend classes, the project workers
will be able to be in Des games
only Saturday and Sunday. Group
leaders said that the project probably would be conducted over
vacation periods.
Although the possibility oi student concentrations in Des points
was not ruled out, Karen jason
said, "The emphasis in civil
rights in the North has changed a
great deal since the passage of
the civil rights law: therefore,
the problems are more subtle and
concentrations are not necessarily the most eﬂactive way of
dealing with them."
leg Bluhm, Cynthia trust, and
Jim Stephens, who attended LeMoyne College last year, told
those assembled about their experiences as northern white college students attending a metro
DISCOUNT CENTER
GIBSON STAINLESS STEEL
RAZOR BLADES
37¢
CHARM SHAMPOO
64 01. BM”: 78¢
LUSTRE CREAM RINSE
SDoVuiue 30¢
 
college and Iivmg in the metro
section or a city eight miles team
the border of the state of Mississippi. All three said they gained
enormously inside and outside of
the classroom”,
red Donahoe (speech and tried»
the), who taught theatre at Le-
‘wayne for a semester. also spoke
iiitormally emphasizing the “necessity oi the metro in the South
not bemg defined by other people's
eyes, but by liimseli.”
Plans for a membership drive
which began Wednesday, conduct
ed by the Civil Rights Group
representative in each hall, were
announced. The membership tee
is 31. Students interested in joining
the group should contact Vice prev
event Steve handheld.
Manager Announces
cycling Arrival Time
The 1965 cycling, the Grinneil
College textbook, should arrive
late next week, according to Bob
Hodieme, cycling business many-
er.
g“r talked with our publishing
representative this week," said
Hodierne, “and he tells me a week
from Friday or perhaps the following Monday.”
The publishing representative
reportedly said that there were
difficulties at the printing plant
which forced them to print the en
tire book again or the book would
have been here today.
RONSONOL
LIGHTER FLUID
59: Value 44¢
TASTY COOKIES
1 difference Flavor:
2% Value 23¢
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Women's Recreation Association
”WRA is much more than just
iM’s," said Miss Joyce Buck
Women's Recreation Association
advisor. “We are proceeding our
whole program to better meet the
needs of Gtinnell students This
includes emphasis on more co-ed
activities as well as the introduction of many new sports"
Operating this year under a re»
video constitution and an increased budget, the association
aims at giving experience to the
compatibility included as well as
the beginners. New and more expanded sports on the schedule include bike bikes, horseback rides,
square cancer, physics, fishing
trips, jan events, and play days,
Possibilities ot downloading and a
Womens’ open swim are being
considered.
Coming up soon will be the golf
tournament, Sept. 25 to Oct. 3.
A new type oi journal team will
be used for this inter-hall competition.
Also starting next week will he'
the tennis 1M tournaments.
chef will begin Sept. 23.
planned by soul weather, the
softball championships have been
cancelled. A canon trip down the
iowa River planned for this weekend was cancelled because of
the allowed condition of the river.
it has been effectively reached
used for Oct. M0.
data
 
Public Health Service Generaiship Offer
removed for Antioch College Pres. simon
Reports that Antioch President
James P. simon ls being considered for the post of United
States Surgeon General have been
circulation in that college this
past week. simon turned down a
similar appointment entered to
him by the Kennedy administra
tion.
The job as United States Public
Health Service chief will be open
September 30 when the designation
of Luther Terry becomes effective. simon Said he was aware
that he was being considered for
the job, but declined to say whether anyone from the Johnson administration approaches him about it. He has served on prev.
identify advisory committees on
narrative usage and air pollution.
He was also a member of the
President’s Committee on Goals
during the Kennedy administration.
Before becoming president of
Antioch, simon was commissioner
of health in Philadelphia and assistant director of the clinical center or the National Institute of
Health.
 
Friday. Supicmher 24. I965
Baﬁleonard . .
. . . ll's Origins
“Oil Why do they call a Baffleboard a Balileboard i . . 7'
it all started quite a long
time ago, according to former
Dean of Women Evelyn cards
her, when the collective body
or women house treatments
were called the League Board.
Back in those days, the roommates oi the League Board
started a sort of rock-league
Board of their own which try<
nationally met in secret at a jacob
iy home each year, for a party.
The secrets of the party apparatus
iy "bottles" the League Board,
and the expression inspired the
rock<Leaguel Board to chrysler
themselves the “Baffleboard.”
(According to Miss partner, the
Baiileooard took great pleasure
in matching posted announce—
meets {or the League Board with
their own kitty paradise of same.)
The name Baffleboard immedi<
apply became an artificial trade
tion, but for about fifteen years
after its debut it was mostly a
joke. Its members included only
the roommates of house treatments.
who were not included in the code
selection, and whose duties were
strictly artificial. Eventually,
however, the duties of the Baffleboard came to be considered
worthy of official constitutional
provision. Hence the establishment
of the present system requiring
the residence of two Bafﬂequal‘d
members on every ﬂfor of every
women's hall.
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL !
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
SOFTEX FACIAL TISSUE
14¢
IUST WONDERFUL
HAIR SPRAY
$1.09 Value
IUST WONDERFUL
3-WAY HAIR SET
$1.25 Value
47: Value 24¢
FLORIENT AIR FRESHENER
47¢
816 5lh Ave.
Drinnell, Iowa
55‘
63¢
VASELINE HAIR DREAM
STORE
HOURS:
9 mm. to 9 pJIL Friday
9 sun. to 8 p.m. Mon.. Tues“
Wed. hours" Sat.
SURF DETERGENT
59¢
MEDS
$1.59 Value 79¢
EASY-0N SPRAY STARGH
57¢
GIBSON 300 COUNT
FILLER PAPER
New-line 39¢
SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT
Small—Medium—cargo
Wide Selection of Color:
‘2.67
 
Frldoyr september 24, I955
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Jjwm, Jim. butt
By WAYNE STENGEL
24 years ago—tall at 1941—
found the Grinnell student body,
its seen through the eyes of the
5&3, concerned with war, holidays, class cuts, wrapping, and
what's at the Strand; altogether
bearing an uncanny renaissance
to our interests in the (all 0(1965.
Over the masthead oi the 1941
Thanksgiving edition oi the 5&1;
appeared this memo in topic type:
"Forget not the five buck fee {or
cutting class today". The admin
isolation should never have abandoned this policy, They really
had something here What senior
worlds’t rather lose 1/2 of an ex
Lm credit than shell out live
bucks?
Oh, for the good old days when
you could see Ronald began at the
Strand in “International equation" at a Saturday ratings for
a time, and not speaking to voters
in California about the antenna»
signal conspiracy. Oh, for that
joyous yesteryear when E. E.
Spencer, at Newton contractor,
tried to sue the freshman class for
sterling soon meet of number as
part of u wrapping start. But they
shouldn‘t make movies like they
used to, and they don’t make press
filme students read about in the December 5. 1941 edition of the 5513.
It was also late in the fall at
1941, just weeks before Pearl Harbor. that American journalism
online
PuZZiaeMENIs
[1] Divide so i, y,‘
mi add to.
Win in tin
named
[21 You have . TOT
Shpler thus
Itlplu eight
lO-plze reports
or yacht. 31mm.
to a
bulletin ImmL
law old is the
owner of
thin TOT chapter!
This is the
Swingline
not chapter
indian. iooo mini
can, due can.
avon only :1. 49
Na here: than a pack at guy—but pat-ii.
the month nf . out Reﬁll) .
spyware". Unrundl i
Made in u. 5.x Get it
,Imok riorri
Long Island City, N.v. 11101
,umo un) not than hotel
‘squad I: pull ’1qu
.alan . or ran Ml ‘IIII in rain
pan r in. .r n. i, _ antique my a
hunt nor 15; it papp. m
«or z M run-Mr on at | sun/inst"
.air lutuuul
 
was fully accused to the rangers
of Nazism. The 5&B reaction to
this threat was as typically collective in its server as repeated
ratings to remove American
troops from diet Nam are today.
To the paper's most absent critics,
which will include, by May, the
total enrollment of the school minus the twenty»tliree regular staff
members, this excerpt train a No
member 21, 1941 edition will make
it evident that, while not necessarily improving in quality, 5&1;
editorials are more sophisticated
in tone The very title, “either
and You" is a tip on to the degree
at personal involvement the writer
wishes to elicit in his readers.
1 quote: “Say what you will about
either, you can’t ignore him anymore than you can do without
your weekly bath! (And don’t
think Grinnell students didn’t try
to do that even in the prevbeatnik
1940s.) Mighty as his Nazi armies
are, the real threat to you is not
to be round in the mighty armor
of the German which. working in
the shadows is 2: much greater
factVthat either had suspended in
mounting a united Germany with
a living, dynamic theology.” And
so the synthetic voice of doom
joined melodramatically on,
finally concerning with that most
rabbit-housing nf historical questions, “either has his Own peculiar
answer to the problem, What is
going to be ours?”
community ns Calls
Students who worked in any
area or mass communications this
summer are asked to contact Sigv
ma Delta Chi president David
Lighthonrne or Theta sigma Phi
acting President Cynthia trust as
soon as possible. Name and phone
number may be left in either student's madison.
VANGE SHAW
MOTOR SALES
authorized
SIMCA
SALES 3r SERVICE
"Come outand test drive
my inn can"
WEST ON HIWAV 5
 
Chem cross Attend
Society Conference
Four members of the chemistry
department faculty attended the
national meetings oi the American
Chemical Society held sept. 10
through 17 in Atlantic City. Representing Grinnell among the thirty to {any thousand generates
were William A. Nevill, Joseph D.
Danfortll, Jack 3. johnson, and
Luther E. ericsson.
Daniorth helped ln the preparation of the ACS standardized examination for inorganic chemistry. He also attended a meeting
for heads oi ACS approved den
documents which meet the standards necessary for this approval.
Nevill attended 8 short Course
in constitutional analysis or organic molecules which dealt with
spatial arrangement of molecules.
ericsson presented a technical
paper on “Nuclear Magnetic Rese
dance ot Platinum completed."
This subject arise from a cancer
research project which he and
Nevill are conducting under a
government grant trim the National Institute of Health, report»
ment or Health, Education, and
Welfare.
The tour attended the convention in a rotation system 01 absence from teaching responsibilities at Grinnell. johnson was able
to work in a visit to the New York
Worlds' Fair on his return.
Pressure Exists,
masters created
Below are the results oi the
“passing” survey conducted early
this year by two Grinnell needs.
1. Do you reel any pressure toward
having to show recognitioni
Yesi282
Do you ever feel built after not
having shown‘recognition
Yes—273 Novida
. Do you feel that there is some
despite distance at which you
feel commission to show reeognlv
tion of the passed-by?
Ye57192 Noizzﬂ
If so, docs this distance begin:
a. at the asset of approach 215
b. at the point of passing 70
.is your discomfort at passing
people ever so great that you
would go out oi your way to
avoid passing them?
Yes—142
The two computers distributed 950
questionnaires in the campus mailboxes and received 421 completed
terms.
OFFICIAL
VLW—
NOTE
ONE DAY LEFT!
WELL
TVIEIIJJO
OFFICIAL
No—ISB ‘
N 0—268 .
 
JOAN LOVEJOY. Janet Francis and Vice President permits
Ludwig found tests an the the
many "informal" discussion.
r during one of engagement:
std: Mommas in sun senate
 
Ministry Internship
Brings Ed Wright
To Grinnell Campus for 65-66 Year
The Dantorth seminars insert
program for Campus Ministries
is sponsoring the year-long stay
or Edward White, Jr. on the Grinnell campus this year. White is
a graduate of Virginia Union University, and received his Bl) from
voltage-Rochester Divinity schools
The Daniorth Foundation upon-
sort its insert program to export
12715 ministry student each year
to the experiences oi a campus
ministry. interim are requested
by the college complaint, and both
colleges and insert applicants are
sent only to computer which have
a “liable, active campus religious program."
While at Grinnell, Wright Will
serve the campus in many areas.
He hopes to lead a series or study
groups on faith and learning, in
conjunction with the Board oi Religion, and possibly another series
centered on the faculty's role. He
will share breathing duties at
iierrick Chapel with Roger Elda
ridge and Howard purple, including n person this Sunday entitled The Proper Thing. He also
expects to do some counseling
as his acquaintance with the
student body increases.
Warner’s and forward’s
* ERAS and
GIRDLES *
All Styles and Sizes
GREEN'S SHOP
Across {mm the Post Office
 
denied”
ALWAYS, FIRST
QUALITY
Be Ready For Football sense
This Weekend
Men’s printed file
LINED JACKETS
I383
Blue, Black, all-lemon. fixes: Sm.. Medt & cargo
Women's Lined
RUSHER JACKETS
19“"
"Be warm in all toll zip iaelretr"
Fall celebs—«Burgundy
it Navy.5i1es: BVH,
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. September 24, I958
 
Cornell and les Duke occupational Saturday for workers
written Vs hats
In Season opened
One of Iowa’s oldest football
series will resume after a 2-year
large when Grinnell and Cornell
class here Saturday in a Midwest
Conference engagement.
The contest, the 55th in a series that began in 1900, is scheduled {or 1:30 p.m, at Ward Field.
It’s the season opened for both
clubsi
“I’m ready for the game, but
I’m not sure the team is,” Coach
add powers remained.
He added, "Cornell, a depending
‘c u n for e n c e champion With
good group of returning letter»
men, has to be rated as the favorite. But, we think we have a good
chance of heating them. We are
looking forward to a good game."
All 11 Pioneer batteries figure
as quarters, either on license or
defense The number one units
also include six sophomores. and
several other customers Will see
heavy duty in reserve roles.
The probably starting linear in
causes Al Peterson and Tom Hill;
Rick Anderson and either Ken christine or Jim Moore at tickets;
Nick songs and either John sitemap or Tom Russell at guards;
cum random at center; Barry
Anderson at quarterback; John
threshold and either Dave Synhorst or Bob Watt at haltbacks;
and Jon russell and Dick Lamb
at feedback.
0n defense Will probably be
word Brua and John watson at
ends; Moore and Rick Anderson
at tickets; christine at middle
guard; Lamb and Russell at line
hacker; Watt, Paul Thurston, John
jersey, and earlier threshold or
Synhorst in the fairfield.
“We have good depth, as good
as we‘ve had in some time,”
powers noted. "But, I'm not sure
all of the boys are playing in the
right position. We hope to learn
a lot in the Cornell game."
rating that Cornell will coast
a considerable weight advantage
in the line, powers pointed out
that “we are going to have to he
quickly and more aggressive.”
While Grinnell does not have a
single 200 founder, Cornell has
several betty lincoln ranging up
to 263 pounds.
Cornell, which Won seven of
eight ratings a year ago to share
the crown with (Joe and simon,
has 16 batteries headed by ends
Rick Schimmell and banks plane
Schultz and Mike richard, a trio
or all - conference performing.
Tackle Jack boolean is another
Ram standard.
Grinnell leads the series 2972141
and won the last game, in 1962,
3272L
 
High Schooiers
In Mile feel
Grinnell will host the Iowa High
School Athletic Association’s 1965
team mile meet tomorrow,
The meet, which will be run on
the Ward Field track, is expected
to draw approximately 450 winners from 90 high schools.
Competition is scheduled in six
classes—AAAA, AAA, AA, A, B,
and C. The Class C run will open
the meet at 11 am, and the Class
B, A, AA. AAA and AAAA races
Will follow in order at lﬂinfinite
intervals.
Each school will enter five winners in the mile race. The top
three Will count toward the
school's point total.
depending team champions are
linux City Central, AAAA; Marshailtown, AAA: Red Oak, AA;
OdeboltrArlhur and Urbandale, A;
units, B; and Miles, C
White ﬂapr choose
New Team Members
A 60 per cent increase in partnership and renewal emphasis on
light of the group’s articles will
he the yearly water show in Februaryr
New members were announced
after try-cuts last week, in which
members were rated on skill, pl)central and interest
Chosen for membership were
Judy Rugg, senior; balance van.
der Horn, Judy Johnson, Kristi
Rennebuhn and Sue corner,
sophomores; D e b b i e DuNann,
Ian cardiff. garcia Snip, Sue
Moestue, Dru paper, Nancy Rock—
well, Mary Stuart and Sue But—
terrible, freshmen.
TANDARD
s‘lLr
SERVICE
 
carriers Seelii g
fourth straight *
Grinnell’s variety cross country team sweet to Victory over
brake University by a score or
22734 in its first home meet of
the season. The victory was an,
important one to the team, for:
brake is the depending Missouri
Valley Conference champions.
Grinnell was faced by John
charge and men Lnnghem, who
captured second and third places
respectively. charge was times in
16:27 for the three mile run on
the wait course, with Langham
three seconds behind Backing up
the two lrontrunners were Steve
Britnall, sub Grant, and pic Mc<
hotel], who placed fourth, fifth,
and rights respectively.
TDmorrOW Grinnell Will host the
Les Duke occupational Meet. In addition to their roles as hosts,
coach Dick Young’s carriers will
have the added burden of being
depending champions. League does
Beloit, due, and Cornell are entered in the meet, along with
Luther, blackjack, Lnras, St,
improve, cleveland. and Central.
Coach Young looks to Beloit, luther, and cleveland as Grinnell’s
greatest installed in defense or
the championship. cartoon from
Beloit, the conference cross country champion, and table oi Luther, last year’s winner in the
N.C.A.A. small college three mile
race, are the leading candidates
for individual honors.
!
 
THE CAPTAINS of the variety grid squad are John super.
hell and Paul Thurston. threshold play: offensive and tie
massive halfback. All- conference Thurston plays moving linsbacker and halrosck on defense.
precision and form characterize
the opening of the swimming sea.
son for White Caps, women's sync
chronicle swimming club. right
 
it dress't mailed lo "the MYTH"
iusl what generation you belong
to or even if you come alive
'every so oiteni He can ssnsiy
For All Your
353)
amount
is SUPPLIES
muscle Down To The
VARSITY
917 Broad
any taste in soil drinks. He has
a playback though. only people
with [taste like his PHT i r i e d
chicken and delicious Fina.
nuuvn
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
actor from the Posloffico
GRINNELL. IOWA
nirvana's Pizza
236-6221
Free Delivery
 
 
 
