delta Sparks Campus Civil Rights server
Reaction to delta
Shown in Dispatch
From 5&3 Writer
Ed. Note: The following dispatch was sent from delta,
Alabama, Monday morning by
5&3 associate editor Bob Hodierne.
Four of us, Henry Wilhelm,
John Phillips, Harold jason and
I, decided Tuesday afternoon of
last week that we had to go to
delta. We left that night.
It was a harbour ride in Wilhelm’s well-traveler. nearelegene
mary VW. We stopped in Montgomery Wednesday night, At that
time demonstration were Still
standing on the capital lawn.
The next morning we drove to
delta, a healthy town of some
28,000. It's an old town with old
customs, The customs are hard to
change and that, perhaps as much
as anything, is why it was chosen
for this drive.
The news releases from delta
give a fairly accurate description
of what has happened here. That’s
not the whole story,
One drives into delta and end
term a never-never land. it’s kind
of an Alfred Hitchcock version of
Alice in Wonderland.
The area where the degrees
live and the area where the concentrations take place — a three
block by three block federal housing project accompanying Brown's
Chapel AME Church and a Baptist Church —- is a World unto itself, separated from the city by a
line of city, county and state police. People here can’t help re-
SELMA—
(Continued on Page 1)
Ed. Note: Special thanks
go to Jim McIntyre, John w.
Johnson, and Rick perfect,
whose assistance in the business operations of the SM}
this week enabled us to put
out this special lZ-page issue.
editor Bob Hodierne.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SELMA'S CONTROVERSIAL Public Saieiy Director Wilson Baker, left. corironis SCLC's or.
C. T. Vivian as Vivian attempts to lead partners to the Dallas County Court House lés‘l’ Friday. Reaching with his tape recorder microphone to catch Baker's words is 5&3 associate
 
G shell College
9mm
Oldest College Newspaper West crib. Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXll
Grinnell, iowa, Friday. March 20, I965
No. 2|
 
By Don disney
“Non-violent love in action
is a reality today, whatever
qualifications are placed on it,
It demands my attention."
Rev. Robert newly thus sum-
 
 
Human Significance of the Space Age
Subject of Phi Beta happy Lecture
Walter Roberts,
the National Center for Atmos-
director of
pheric Research at Boulder,
solo., will give two addresses
at Grinnell next week as Phi
Beta happy visiting scholar.
Dr, Roberts, internationally
known solar astronomer, will
speak on “The Human Signiiiv
dance of the Space Age" at 8
p. m. Thursday in service
Chapel, under sponsorship of
the Grinnell chapter of Phi Beta
happy. Seniors newly elected
to membership in the national
contrary scholastic society will
also be announced,
Next Friday at 4:15 p.rn, in
the science lecture room, Dr.
Roberts will address the davis<
ion of natural sciences senior
consortium on the question “Can
Man Control the Weather?"
A research associate atHarvard University since X948 and
professor of astrogeophysics at:
the University of Colorado
since 1957, Dr. Roberts was
WALTER room’s
director of the High attitude
observation.
He was chairman of the Solar
PHI BETAKAPPA—
(Continued on Page 9)
 
« defence
 
married Wednesday night his
experiences in delta, Alabama. His talk was the kick—off
of a series of winners on civil
rights sponsored by the Board
of Religion.
"Songs and chronic improve
signs are shipping around in
my head," he said, “I’ve had
seven days of Southern tried
chicken, and I week at the remarkable graciousness of Dr.
Vivian and all the rest. My
mind and heart are back in
delta. What I have learned
there, I'm not sure I can describe or accept or believe. But
I know that non-violence is a
liable alternative to mortality
and terrorism and that it
holds great hope to all men.”
newly described the South
era Christian Leadership Con-
(SCLC)—its role and
philosophy. “To the SCLC,” he
said," the issue is not just the
metro or voting rights, but the
issue is man. The issue is how
:to change the structures of
evil so that all men can be free.
The flagrant investing to the
metro is the immediate focal
point, and the effort is to raise
this issue of conference to the
level of humanity‘s conference."
newly was impressed by the
total commitment of everyone
in SCLC to non-violence. In a
 
newly Tells expressions of delta,
picks Off winners on Civil Rights
sense and dramatic configuration, as in delta, works can
very easily provide violence;
SCLC leaders, though, mentioned everyone and maintained a tight control at all
times on the demonstration.
These partners themselves
showed a "tremendous sense
of fellowship, of community,
and humor, They seven’t combined: they combined the pod
like.” ,
newly turned Clark’s house
“delicious” against this consistent army, “He's more
scared than I am,” newly
heard a little metro say while
looking at the 'marriott bulk
of an armed state browser.
But delicious or not, violence
occurred, and newly expressed some reservation at
the nonrviclent approach. saying, “Nor would I present it
works altogether. The demonstration were a mother crew;
there was terrible arbitration,
experience, and edition —
and very high, tremendous antique."
“There is a very significant
power at work here for King
has a great deal of understand
ing," newly said. “He tips that
power with an amazing sense
of responsibility for everyone
involved. King believes the
knife of insurance is posted at
 
Special 8&3 Issue
Studies Situation
A combination of factors brought
interest in the civil rights now
ment, and especially the votes registration drive in Alabama, to 1
high level on campus this week.
Four Grinnell students undefined a journey to delta to tools
into the situation and report it to
the 58:3. (See story at left and
pictures on pages 6 and 7.)
A local minister represented his
state conference in concentrations in delta. (See below, and
interview page 2.) He also arranged for C. T. Vivian of SCLO
to speak to the college comes.
city via long distance telephone.
(See page 7.)
seventh—five Grinnell slides
called for federal intervention in
delta by demonstration in Del
points. (See story and picture all
page 5.)
Angry British Ploy
Will Be Presented ‘
“Look Back in Anger" by
John Osborne, one of Britain’l
most important contemporary
playwrights, will be presented
four times this weekend in th‘
Arena Theater.
The performances. which
are directed by red Donahue
(speech and theater), will
at 2:30 and 3:00 Sunday, a
at 8:00 Monday and Tuesday
earnings.
Of the play, the New volﬁ
Herald Tribune said the following: “The hero in John 0.4
homes ‘angry’ play is a currently registered young tenant:
who keeps his devoted wife in
an apnic hotel, sheets at her
mother as an appetizing jump
of worm-wait, does her phase.
cal violence, betrays her ch.
instant another pair of arm.
coins about his neck. You card
asked to believe that two women love this VOICano of awareness, sputtering venue. You
believe it! The truth about thlg
conscienceless nudist is that
he is absolutely alive."
Donahoe explained that tlic
main characters are two people who are angry in different
ways. They find themselves in
a world without deals 'ons.
and what is the choice?
The cast consists of Mike Al‘now, as Jimmy, an angry
young man; Lucia manner. an
madison, his wife; Max Helrgott.
as Cliff, their buddy; Deli
christine, as Helena, a friend
of madison’s and Dick Reicfh
many, madison's father,
Advance reservations will b]
required for each of the pets
companies
the north of this nation. He in
pieces that if you want to put
sue the values of truth, low
and justice in a society, y
must contract evil with nonsviolence, you must act."
ADDRESS HERE:
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. March 20, 19b!
 
charles and Black
GRINNILL
crime
COLLEGE
low-
A weekly newspaper 1published each Friday or the col-
legs year by the c
tions. Represented f
route committee on Student Pumice.
or nutioiiul advertising by Nhlioual Ad-
visiting Scrvlcz, llc., college Publishers Representative.
in East tom Street.
New York 22, N Second C|ass post.
age paid nt principal, lows, subscription rate 35.0“ per
school year. 1800 paid subscnoiions.
i‘n’i‘s‘i‘b’i‘éss‘ injuries
SPECIAL BUSINESS MANAGER
ASSOCIATE EDITORS
routine EmTOR
stones EDITOR
new PHOTOGRAPHER .
EXCHANGE roman .
CIRCULATION MANAGER .
recorders in...
. .iiiiin wolf
Humid, Fuxim
. .ilni Meiniyre
non Hodicme, sue lexus
., Wayne sirngu
Steve casey
Tom iiiirinipu
,. snrr rev
. . handled Mnnnniin
k ciirdy, noon Mcconniic.
Arthur berlin, 'Jmllls nerzog, Aim Axelrod, Glen Ashmnﬂ,
Kris cash .brunette Mill, Connie vernon,
Don iVliiiiey, siinrori Sheumakzr. Lynn neither
ruorocunrncns
com: 51 AK-‘E . ,.
John Phillips, Steve sciences, Henry wunelrn
sue nrrnulsi, carol lenses, chen service,
Ann simonsen, Helen noiscinw, Amy russian,
kareii summary, form: Kntllalnln, rural human.
1 cc Bani, rentals Vlcforlne, Bunny nunx
newly analyses
“The white
pieces that while an individual
metro can be capable, degrees
as a group are animals,” said
the Rev. Robert newly, finish
her of the First constitutional
Church in Grinnell, during an
interview with 5&3 reporters
Tuesday evening. newly rec1
turned Tuesday from delta,
Alabama, where he martin
rated in voting rights lemon-
REVEREND ROBERT DEWEY
delta Situation
Southerner be-Isafety) finally came over and
cut the rope."
newly described the atmosphere ”behind the lines" as a
camp meeting or homecoming.
He said people were willing
around and there was a “terrible community spirit and fellowship."
The rope and the bridge have
become symbols for the civil
rights demonstration. and
newly noted, “This movement
creates symbols all the time.
premier ironil along with
energy brown all parts oi the country joined aims last Friday
in what proved is b. an uni
County com Home.
solutions as a representative of
the Iowa United Church of
Christ Conference.
“Another fear of the white
Citizens in the South is that
metro emancipation is causing
loss of his status and density."
newly continued. newly pointed out that if degrees are
enfranchised, residential men in
the delta community, like
Sheriff James Clark, will be
removed from power.
“selecting the white man
front these fears is a major
concern of the Southern Chris
than Leadership Conference’s
non-violent philosophy,” newly
noted. “In this sense, human
rights, not just civil rights, are
at stake."
Speaking of his own expert
enter, newly said that he
spent his first two days in Selmzi running the line that was
led by the “Berlin Wall"
rope. “We just song and talked
near the rope until Wilsm oak-
accessing march on the Dallas
1 am convinced the movement
dress’t participate violent situations, but it such a situation
does occur, it creates another
symbol and feeds the cause."
newly also participated in
the attempted integration of a
delta church last Sunday.
newly said the minister of the
church refused entrance to the
{integrated group, saying, “You
‘are making a society of our
religion," but that several
members of the church and
other delta citizens offered
verbal entertainment to the
group.
When President Johnson delivered his voting rights message to Congress Monday night,
newly was stated near Mars
tin Luther King. “The tension
of the clay and the emotional
character of the speech made
the moment of victory over-
DEWEY—
 
er (delta director of public
(Continued on Page 9)
.
covering," he said. “We started ‘
 
piece thunder
School for Young Apes
There was once, in a farms jungle, B survival
school for young ages. It was a small school, as
these things go, but it was a very famous one, and
young ages, male and female, blocked to it from
all parts of the jungle. The school’s curriculum, according to its catalogue, was designed to execute
the students in all aspects of LIFE. The wide spec»
true of courses offered included such refined ones
as “History of Ape Thought" and “Ape Art —- From
Ugh to romania," as well as practical courses in
jungle survival such as “Lower Order Group Control," dealing mainly with here psychology, and
“Digital cancellation 222" for advanced inﬁrating
with clubs and rocks.
However, in suite of the Wide and varied curriculum. it came to he felt by the faculty and the
students that the school was not accurately preparing its scholars for the REAL THING. When the
young ages returned to their homes during vacations,
they were impressed by the vast gap between life at
the school, to which may had become accustomed,
and the various, are—extreme china race of LIFE
in the rest of the jungle. The faculty had long been
aware of this problem, and although they themselves
were not particularly upset by it, they were somewhat concerned for the sake of those young ages
who were not designed to become academicians.
Some faculty members suggested the curriculum
be expanded to include new courses such as “Advanced Breast heating” or “Group Cooperation,"
but this was not what the students wanted.
“We can't escape this golden palm tree by taking more courses." granted one young are. "The
problem is that when we come here we simply substitute the commit of the faculty for the control of
our kinrgl'our. What we need is more independence
and the right to run our own affairs." Alter much
hair hearing and breast shipping on the part of
the students and discussion on the part of the faculty, it was finally agreed that the young are had a
valid point and the students were allowed to establish their own government, the AST (Associated
Student Tribe). »
For a time. everyone was convinced that a
happy solution had been found which would allow
the young ages to learn about LlFE and get an
education at the same time. But alan, this happy
interface was only the provincial calm before the
storm, and when the storm broke, the coconuts
began to fall thick and fast.
A specially innocent misdemeanor on the part
of one freshman are marked the beginning of the
request. One night, during mid-semester exams
he was seen swimming through the trees in the
males’ compound, at a speed well over the prescribed limit, shopping coconut kinds and banana
feels indiscriminately on the heads of speakers be»
low. it was later established by fellow students,
after his appreciation, that he had become expressed after “booking" his exam in lion psychology and had processed to get sorted on a start of
permitted coconut milk.
being mostly proud of their new right to modern
themselves rather than bush the incident in order
to protect the offender from severe faculty accommodations, his fellow students took him before the AST
Tribunal. That august body, after much registration,
fixed him ten touch skills and warned him that in
case of a second offense, he would not escape With
small a light punishment. The matter was considered
done with, and the students, pleased by their ability
to render JUSTICE, returned to their Studies.
However, in the eyes of the FTS (the Faculty
Truth Squad, a committee established by the processors in order to keep tabs on the AST), the case
was far from concluded. In a secret meeting, code
fucked at night in the heights of a included palm
tree, they decided that the punishment had been too
mild and that it was necessary to interface in order
to remind the students who was really running the
school. The young offender was subsequently sun<
needed for three weeks.
Reaction from the student body was Swift “1
coming. The AST tribunal chief logged a formal
protest with the faculty, saying that the Truth Squad
had isolated a fundamental area of student periodic»
lion, and furthermore, that the Squad’s very exisiniice was a result to student integrity. The FTS
replied with the statement that the students didn't
have any rights other than these the faculty chose
to grant them, and that “there's no such thing as
‘student integrity,‘ ”
Still hoping to resolve the conflict through an
appeal to reason, the AST issued a rather extensive
statement which said in essence that student-faculty
relations Could only be based on trust and that Stu—
cents could hardly be expected to be responsible
when the FTS refused to recognize them as mature
workers, There was no reply by the faculty at this
"me,
(Continued Next Week)
 
Shades of Gray
Shooting From the Hip
By Carl Otis Gray
What’s fitness? it seems that fitness implies
an awareness of being of your own time and having
the ability to communicate it. A monster is some»
one who is aware, very much‘ aware, of what could
happen and what should happen in his particular
flow of experience. So say the experts who in {his
case happen to be The Village Voice, Greenwich
Village’s own peculiar version of the charles and
Black.
Using the definitions put forth and current
trends in American student opinion I can only
reach the conclusion that fitness is very desirable,
extremely glamorous and highly predictions among
this college generation. This is as it should be,
After all we are a generation scanned during a
world war, needed during an international police
action, and matched during a period of mortality
whose every manifestations Could mean total destruction of our planet. During our sometimes it is
doubtful that we have ever experienced one day
when a human life was not taken as a result of
international conflict. I therefore assume that we
have a right and a duty to be hip.
Awareness of one's alone suggests a recognition
of ‘will the social, political, and personal issues that
affect us. The ability to communicate suggests an
involvement. It IS obvious that it is impossible to
lake these statements literally and attempt to extract the problems of the world one by one. What
is necessary is a certain instruction, a next rehabilitation that can serve as the basis [or the individuals functioning as a monster.
l'.’ .
i It).
Whether or not I consider myself a monster is
not in question here. but looking around me l can
western, in this pioneer of the midwestern educational traditions, very few. lf we are aware of the
problems we certainly don’t go out of our way to
communicate this awareness. Far from playing
the sophisticated batteries in the wilderness of
midwestern traditionalism, provincialism, and isolationism, I am approved by our complicated and
apache here at Grinnell. From the success of the
Grinnell Civil Rights Group and the reaction to
U.S. military actions in diet Nam, I can only see
looking in large neon lighting that obscenity at
communities — SQUARE.
Let’s face it. We are unable to look beyond the
physical boundaries of this institution. Even in our
feelings with our own internal problEms we lack
the authentication and imagination in deal with
thESE issues in a creative manner. We lack the
initiative to take firm stands: we possess a wonderful ability to procrastinate and calculate. if all
these symptoms are merely a local phenomenon,
as I am convmcod they are, then 1 suggest we
voluntarily guaranteed ourselves — apache is continuous.
Like apache, fitness is also continuous probably their only common factors. If other institutions of similar merit have been struck with III
it’s our turn to contract it. With the loss of apache
should go our own drive connections and solutions
about ourselves and our society. With the advert of
fitness should come some dynamics and leadership.
Come on, fitness is sleeping the country ——
let's get into the mainstream.
 
Friday. March 20, IN!
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
David Lighthourne
letters to Mother
Casual and I drove to Marshalltown that morning. hoping to find the Good Lite.
was cold but the sun was bright. and it was a relief
to get out of town, a kind or metaphysical transformation oi expectations and abilities as it the city
limits were a wars in time and Grinnell a different
universe.
Ever since he had started on hour with eddie
and the brakes. Casual had driven around the country doing one night stands and sleeping in cheap
motels. He too was excited by the essential inbox-
Glance of the drive north.
“NEW, What: the skiing, man,
about to see when we‘re, like, there, for authority?"
“Well, i know a guy who throws parties all the
time, Casual, and maybe he'll be having one to«
night."
“Rock stamp cool shakE. man.
the sounds oi the good action. This college stand is
pretty dragon."
“Yeah, I know what you mean. Remember, I
have to live with it."
“It inn'l the Good LiIe, man, wherever that is.
And that's What I want."
"No, it inn’t. It's supposed to be a preparation
(or the Good fire, though, That's why you go to
school. To be prepared for it when it comes,"
“And, like, how many really do catch it afterwards? I mean. you know, where does It find llsell
those days?”
“Well, quite a low people wind up in colleges
again later on, teaching and writing and becoming scholars. That's what i might do,"
“Aw, man. soma on! Is it any different later
on? What's you know, the difference now and then
between things? You don‘t dig any newer sounds, do
The winter air
on who we are
Flutlst Carol newton, with Miss
Margaret Megordcn, spanish and
harpsichordist, will present her
senior decimal this Sunday at 8 pm.
in modem Theatre. The program
is open to the public, with no tickets needed.
nhl decimal will include Varese’s
"Density 2L5 for route Alone
alert’s “concerts for route,"
each’s "donate No. l in E Major
for bingo and Harpsichor and
warning's “First donate for route
and plans."
leg. Tim-
Senior Offers route decimal.
Features Vurese.|beri. each
sent with Nathan Jones DI brake
University for many years. At
Grinnell she is a member at and
tourist with the college orchestral
and the colleague musical and
is also a member of the college
choir.
Miss newton was elected to PM
Beta happy last tall and last week
was announced as the recipient of
. Woodrow Wilson Fellowship for
graduate Study next year.
Miss recorded is a piano and
harpsichord student with richard
you—inst the old
view.”
ones from, you know, like, the older
I could see that l was going to have to explain
things better for Casual, but we were coming into
I want to catch town, and i had
ment. 1 began
to give him directions to the sport
thinking about Warren the brook
and the line, rnﬂd calendar of his parties. We were
town to find it.
looking [or the Good Lite and had come to Marshall-
 
Leﬂera ; . .
forget Civil Rights Awhile: Viel Nam More Urgent
‘ To the Editor:
Much has been said recently
about the deep Apathy of printer students with regard to W
virtual and social issue: outside
campus life. The strong reaction against last week‘s brutal
items in delta shows that students do realize that national
and international issues impose
real demands on their con»
sciences and political awareness. There is, however, another issue present today that
rooms over the domestic tight
for civil rights and social equality and threatens to finder its
progress, We refer to the critical situation in Vietnam. We
refuse to believe that students
at trim-tell would remain independent to the course of events
there it they fully understood
its grave implications.
Merely to abwrb lbs enter-
students To Issue
’General magazine’
“productions," described by
its editors as a “general pages
line," will be issued for the
first time Monday.
Editor Rod Owen, and cos
editor Bruce Kaufmann said
that the magazine is “not
strictly literary, but includes
all types of material," Short
,stories, movie reviews, gen
oral articles, interviews, and
poetry will be included in the
first issue.
They plan to publish the
magazine quarterly —— twice
during the remainder of this
year, and {our times next
year. Though they have unlimited transcripts for this issue, and will continue to do
so, they will happens review all
material submitted.
The ”page issue, which will
he produced on a duplicator
machine, will be sold in the
lunch lines next week for 25a 3,
copy. Parents and alumni may
receive complimentary copies
by writing Rod Owen.
 
nation available on Vietnam
through the dominant news
media would b. to receive a
one-sides point OI View and “see
listed" facts. Rather than allow this condition to prepaid.
we urge your active participation in reading, discussion, and
debate. Together with IRC and
metropolitan Club, we are
sponsoring s faculty-student
comic: hour on March 22 It
4 p.m. to air concern and deeper awareness at all aspects of
the Vietnamese question,
Civil rights concentrations
have played a major role in impressive President Johnson
with the need for action on
voters' rights in the South, He
has subsequently after in record With liberal principles. Yet
we see a great. unnecessary
distance between the principles
behind the struggle for a Great
Society, and those reinforcing
our present actions in Vietnam,
Such actions seem to lead away
from the goal of negotiation
and toward a dangerous estimation or the war.
Furthermore, even without
estimation, the present strike in
Vietnam, North and South, in»
sites that the people or that
llnwsdivided nation will cons
linux to suticr the arabic re-
suits of civil war, It, must bl
emphasized that th. United
States has both a moral and
a practical political interest in
the well-being of Vietnamese
citizens. At the present time,
heavy booking or North Vietnam seems to serve neither interest.
A: concerned citizens, wa
feel it our duty and right opened to criticism our government':
present stand in Vietnam. We
hope that our statement of purpose, distributed to all mailboxes yesterday. will indicate
a widespread campus replication of the need for policy registration in Southeast Asia.
A March on Washington for
April 17 is presently being organized on a nation-wide basis
in order in effectively lemon
senate the immediate of this
need. Wt: hope to enable some
Grinnell students to join that
demonstration. To accomplish
this end, we ask for your inter
est, sympathy, and support,
The Grinnell Committee on Vietnam
Muffie Meyer
Doug Pilbrow
Nick ticket:
Bruce Travis
Ann better
 
cross cameras Grinnell Parochialism,
Social Consciousness Just Talk Here
To the Editor:
I am a diseasesﬁed and slightly disillusioned freshman, and
I need your help, I had been
here for almost a whole semester before I realized I was
missing one of the main things
I came here for, and it worried
me. An expression keeps going
through my mind: social cons
sciousness. This is what I Want
to know: Where does one find
it at Grinnelil'.’ granted, the
reason I am here is to become
educated, but there must be
more to it than the academic.
How does someone like me,
who really dress't feel a part
or Grinnell yet, go about find-
ing the organizations and peer
pre who are concerned and
want to do something?
i go to entire hours and
meetings, but too often the discussion ends at the door. I
want more — to ﬁnd where I
(it in the picture. what I can
do as an insignificant college
freshman in the middle DI
Iowa.
I know I am to blame for
missing out, but it can’t be too
late. Or am I Still too idealistic
in beginning that the people
here really have a desire to go
beyond the academic and social aspects of campus life!
Susan chi
 
Mlal newton has been a route std- rows (music).
 
1. Now that situation'i getting
duo. have given any
it to skins oi work
you' like to do?
1 want to work for
The Good at banking.
2 Insight luv- suspected.
I'll probably grow
a board.
4. \\ but do you expect to cum?
All I ask is dis satin
fiction of knowing
in. helping to Build
a Bcltcl World.
3. it it required?
It ships. And I'll can fly
need s pair of manuals.
You don't need (lie-m HI
humanities development
piognnn. All you need is
an opposite iii challenge
and responsibleﬂy, and
the dome to do the best
piisillll: job. The pay is
tops, too.
5. I‘ll be (I 'ng much the same
thing, i \‘e also lined up
a job that slot-car society in
a positive way. And ii i do
and. lit monroe, and my
t i-curious will he men more
important in the scheme oi things.
but lists-i your board?
what about manuals? You know, l'ni afraid s‘
heard under inch-could
you got me an intel view
with available?
For complete intervention about career opportunities at available. not
{our Placement 0M, or mm to Edward D. blcnungal, Manager.
isnpowsr Dwdopnlent Division,
“R Wm nfl Assurance Society ‘1' the United State!
 
'5‘.) 0E”; ISBIS Aw. ol 1h. Auwn'au, New Ymk, N» Y. 10010 @Equllnhl- I!"
Am Equal Wow Employ"
 
!a Four ICARLIT AND ILACK ‘ Friday, ch 1 9"
Girls Think Grinnell districts Student Activity
lo the editors
Those individuals responsible
r the planning of the new
event Forum web thoughts: they allowed for tremendous creative potential in its
. We as students appreciate
El: potential, Therefore, we are
based when it is limited: we
ould like to see the college en-
:garage student a r o ability
‘ better than restrict it.
presently two students were
car to share with the college
trinity a unique creative
beaver. The social coordination committee gave its l'ir
trial support to the “Faces
Mexico” photographic ox-
'bit. Beyond that point, power, instead of encourageent, the photographers in-
, lved encountered installed
at every turn.
In order to exhibit their pictures in an integral form, never
stations had to be made with
the Forum director. Settlement
was finally reached, but unfortunately, it left metabolism on
both sides. Once up, the exhibv
it, has been enjoyed by students
and faculty alike. From the beginning, however, its effective—
news has been marked by the
hanging of posters understand.
This, in itself. might be generated. But after two weeks
(even though the exhibit was
designated by the social calendar for the entire month), the
bullfight sequence—ﬂan integral
part at the exhibit—was removed, thus describing all artistic wholesale of the exhibit.
The decision was made to
place the poster—which could
easily have been hung else»
For All Your
PASTRY NEEDS
DANISH MAID '
 
where—at the expense of the
exhibit: without permission of
the photographers or the social
coordination committee. We
feel that this action, typical in
its arbitrariness, mail unjustified and prospective at the very
least, We protest it.
As Grinnell students we are
often customized for our apparent unwillingness to rise above
mediocrity. Mediocrity will cons
since when efforts to shine are
almost inevitably thwarted, We
are disappointed at such seeking ambivalence toward student creativity. Rather than an
attitude or combining attempts
at creativity. we would like to
see eligibility watched and encouraged joyously and with
pride. Therefore, a re-evaluation is called for to bring policy to a level consistent with
what the college stands for.
Krys german
Ann Thompson
Rev. George member, Director of the East harley
protecting ' P a r i s h; will
speak in service chapel'
Sunday-morning at 11:00.
His person will concerts inner.city projects, for which
the East harley protecting
Parish is usually considered
a leader.
 
Have you ever questioned whether there
was a BEST lime to "art saving? If you
have. you'p'mbnbly still hon'l .nswmd
the question to your utilization.
aug the t. In nnmt _ li'. RIGHT
NOW. There is no better time to start
saving your money than this very ma.
menu. And one. you start-the wing.
cabin, you will b. pleased at how hit
your savings grow
savings .nd Loan Aiseeietien — «the
current rate of 4 PER CENT.
Whatever your reason {or "vino. You
won't land . ‘better pins. than Grinnell
Fed-red. Your money ll
en agency at the federal got-recent; it‘s
really available when you need it: and ii
mm big residents.
llllllllllllﬁ
at Grinnell Federal
fa. insured by
tllt'lllilllllllllllllllllmttlltllltllllllltllltllmnlmmlllllllllllllllmlltlmll
Money saved by April 12 earnsfrom the est
Grinnell Federal . Savings
llllll|lIlllllllIttllllllltlllllltltlllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllttllllllllltllllllltllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllltlltltlllllIItllllllllllllllllllllllllll
N ' th B tT' to S
_
.
E
E
E
E
and loan
A simulation
1025 Main Street I Grinoell, town 0 Phone 515 236-312]
llllllltltlllllllltIllllllllllllllllllhlllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll||||lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll'llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll .
 
McDonald Replies
To Most Everyone
To the editors
After careful reading of the
SH! 0! the past new weeks i
feel the need to make a remark
01' two before the contributors
to the “Letters to the Editor"
column lose all sense of proportion.
First or all, with regard to
Herzog’e opinion of student
government, perhaps some of
the purposes of our time spent
in college should be re-stated.
The process of obtaining an education is basically an statistical affair. Part of this process,
for those with following cases
or self-importance, involves
playing around in student politics. Fortunately, most students are synthetic to student
politics and do not interface
with the game. There is no
point in taking the game away
from those who wish to play it,
No one favorites the removal
of games which other students
engage in.
Since the obtaining of a college diploma is a basic qualification to .be furnished before one
canﬁo anything useful in life,
students should do whatever
they wish to make their Shel»
tired environment more interesting. This probably includes
showing snowboard through
windows (in answer to Mr.
scratch) or writing letters to
the newspaper with the our—
pose of starring up the sensitive
emotions of various people (in
answer to Mr. cleaner). There
may be limits which should be
applied to some of the games
students engage in, but I wonder what they are.
Perhaps we would all he better off if We went back to our
copies of Palmer, Samuelson,
etc., and didn't bother With
these games. However, we
would probably soon become
cases for our inadequate controlling services.
John McDonald
The Management
of
THE LANTERN
expressed
Great institute
to than who helped
redecorat-
909 [read SP.
 
sherman for
'sport'ing Life”
To the Editors
While sitting in the Forum
recently, i happened to even
hear two processors discussed‘
the series or inter-collective
athletics. Both believed that
the administration and silk
cents were placing too much
emphasis upon such an unrewarding endeavor, and that
the college could use the fund:
for higher or roller purposes
while students could use the
time for intellectual pursuant.
This conversation exemplifies the attitude of many on the
Grinnell campus. One can see
that the number of students interested and dedicated enough
to engage in inter-collective
athletics has been on the following during the past new reasons. '
John deutsch, head basketball
and assistant football coach,
defines the problem, “It's not
only that the number of students out for inter-collective
sports has declined over the
last two years. Perhaps more
serious than this is the fact
that those who are out to compete, generally speaking, have
lost their competitiveness and
decision. Their aim seems to
be to stay on the squad, in—
steam of to help the squad
win.”
This letter is designed to
serve as a reminder of the
values of athletic pal‘ticipa‘
tion. This participation should
be strongly encouraged in an
environment like ours. The activity itself offers a pleasant
change of pace to a life 0:
solid studying, the physical election offers a chance to rid
himself of natural expressions
and emotions, and also it enables one to meet others outside of one’s hall who are devoted to an identical aim.
The case Should not be overStated nor the benefits of athletics over-emphasized. Grinnell makes the facilities available, but unfortunately they
are being ignored by many
who could gain intensity.
More participants, not spec,
motors, more people to join the
athletics and not to watch
them, should be encouraged by
a proper atmosphere.
Ken sherman
 
THE KNIT SHOP
1701 Elm St.
Closing Out Sale
All prices greatly reduced
Odd lot table - Half Price
 
Friday. March. 20, I 965
SCARLET AND BLACK
‘bag. five
 
.singles Talks at Legislative Seminar
Accepts Petition from Rights Group
By Lynn Denzler
"Sometimes it is easy to go off
and lead the parade and accordingly more difficult to Work in
your own backyard with nobody
watching,” iowa Governor Harold
Hughes told a
dinner audience
h e r e Tuesday
night after receiving a con—
calculators petition signed by
Griunell s t events in support
oi his strong
stand on Civil
Rights last week
during the delta
racial crisis.
Invited to campus as part of the
legislative semi<
n a 1- program,
Hughes spoke in
the quadrangle
dining hall before students from
live iowa schools and a large group
" GLASSES
'illade and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
‘ E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIS‘I‘
Across from Past Offic-
of political and town guests. The
man who executed pi-rise from students and state citizens alike when
he sent a telegram deplormg the
actions at Alabama governor
George Wallace had words oi can-
 
 
.. t c I
‘ PICTURED ABOVE
l
ARE nov.
Harold Hughes, Phillips Brad.
let (political science). Lt.
nov. Robert button. and Republican floor leader in the
state senate Robert R. higher.
,tion for what he turned "a tllrbur
: left age.”
“There are always two sides to
l every story,” he continued. “1 rec1ognize the problems based to Guv<
terror Wallace, but I coupon’t: p05lsioly agree with his actions nor
‘ could I allow such things to happen
'ii it were possible to stop them.”
I “But it you get so involved that
iyou lose your own tolerance, you
‘then lose sight of what you’re
1 fighting for,” he said.
A popular guest on campus,
Hughes, who was re-elected last
November by a responding majority, is acquainted with many students through the PPPE.
with a Democratic majority in
both houses of the Iowa General
Assembly, Hughes denied the
charge by critics that the legislature is merely a “rubber stamp"
for the governor.
 
TUSSY
CREAM ROLL-0N sncx
/2
Sudden
PRICE
Beauty
HAIR SPRAY
66‘
DIAL256~3ISI D R
‘GRINNELL S BUSIEST DRUG STORE
827 -4TH AVE
UG‘V
 
Ford Describes
Republican Role
By Pam Clay
House minority leader Gerald Ford spoke via telephone
to the Grinnell Young Repuhli
cars Wednesday on "The Johnson Legislation —— A Republican Alternative,"
Ford Said that the Republicans in the legislative branch
are rated with overwhelming
opposition in Congress and
awesome strength in the executive.
He integrated five respond
facilities of the minority party:
1) every its influence in both
branches of Congress for the
Republican goals of freedom,
national security, and peace;
2) support the Democratic administration When we think it
is right and impose it when we
think it is Wrong; 3) point out
any failures of the Democratic
administration: 4) continue and
expand our efforts for a strong
two party system; 5) work to
maintain and expand unity in
the Republican ranks.
A major innovation is the
Task Force System on a major scale—sporting on research
in depth on agriculture, voting
rights, education. etc. It aims
toward long range solutions to
national and international
problems.
Representative Ford arrested
that the Republican Party‘s influence ”must be not only persistent oppositioanhis is too
narrow and limited." An example oi Republican backing
of an administrative position
is the agreement on the policy
for diet Nam. The Republicans
agreed with the stopped up action and the refused to withdraw. “There is a big differ—
once in defense on the United
States ten yard line rather than
the enemy's."
, Republicans have offered alternatives to several administrative programs, including
that on Federal Aid to Education and Medicare The Republican alternative to Medicare
has already been recognized
as better by the Committee on
Ways and Means. In this case
the administration is on the defensiv .
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Postoifico
GRINNELL. IOWA
By early human
Seventyrfive Grihnell std—
cents and faculty went to Des
points Saturday afternoon to
join protest partners lrpm five
other Iowa colleges to demonstrate for federal intervention
in delta, Alabama All more
Grinnellians in Rights Demonstration:
Demand Federal Intervention in delta
Charles Iles were read by honest Russell, Director of the Des
points Commission for Human
Rights. ‘
Early in the afternoon, several demonstration, including
six Grinnell students, went to
the airport to meet Rev. Mu<
 
 
black arm bands in memory of
the Rev, James Reel) who died
in delta.
The demonstration matched
slowly around the Des points
post since carrying placards
which asked for ‘johnson to Go
Down,’ protecting the police
mortality, and stating that ‘We
Shall Overcome.’ The demonstration listed four hours. Reactions from posters-by, when
not synthetic, were the beginning applications ot the full
implications of the civil rights
movement.
The celebrate sent to nov.
Wallace of Alabama and to the
width of Rev. James Reeb by
nov. Hughes of Iowa were
read to the ministers. State—
meets from terrorist Bishop
James Thomas, who was in
delta, and Des points Mayor
 
 
 
Neil, 3 Des points mi ‘star.
on his return from delta.
The partners resumes their
slow protest walks around the
post office. The demonstration
was sponsored by the Iowa
State Council for Civil Rights
with help from the NAACP and
local Iowa civil rights groups.
Headquarters for
 
816 Commercial
 
YOU'LL
LOOK
SHARP
with clothes
cleaner out
SWEDE'S
Laundry & Dry cleaning
236-6071
 
’59. Six
SCARLET AND aLAclt
Friday, March 10, INI
delta die wed As Scene of Racial Progress
By Bob Hodlerne
The demonstration: at delta mark several significant
turning points in the civil
rights movement Regardless
{what may happen in the next
ew days, the events of last
$under and Monday will, in
the long run, be of the greatest
importance to the delta concentrations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The most obvious turning
point in the civil rights movement was, of course, the great—
er involvement of the churches
of AmeriCa, In the past the
churches made statements
supporting civil rights but had
never been active.
The killing of the Boston editorial minister, 38 year-old
James Reeb, brought the
church actively into the move-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE SELMA DEMONSTRATORS maintained a twenty—ieur
hour visit oi the “being Rope." The dernensiraiors—rninis.
iers, friends. runs, rabbit, students. and iswnspeople —
und, changed. and played in spice of a steady, unseascn.
able cold rain (abovel. When ircopers shipped one oi.
1empire march at the rope. the ministers and student!
broke and ran in all directions. Al bingo': state brothers
followed in "non-violent" pursuit [below) until police and
dernonsiraiers alike were spread over an area oi sound nine
square blocks.
‘1?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE MAIN-STAY oi the continuing demonstration was youth. The crowd ._ suffering
several hundred during the day and perhaps seventh-five af night—managed lo rnainiain
an impressive mobile. The demonstration worked in shirts with the youth accepting the bulk
oi who work during the night. Those who were not ”on the line" steps on news in Brown-s
Chapel A.M.E. Church. Al the most unexpected rnorneni when who crowd learned mass’ tired.
a new leader would step forward to lead songs and raise spirits (above).
ment. Sunday in delta
churches or literally every faith
ill the country were represented, some sending their highest
ranking official. For the first
time in nearly 15 centuries an
Archbishop of the Greek Or»
thodox Church and a bishop of
the Roman Catholic Church
sat on the same platform,
shock handle and spoke for the
same cause.
At the same time there was
another change, perhaps more
subtle, and perhaps a result of ,
involve- ’
the greater church
merit. For the first time a
Southern lawrenforcement our
river and CivileRights demonstration were able to effect a
working understanding.
delta’s Public Safety Director Wilson Baker, a lawyer
and anytime professor of
terminology at the University
of Alabama, is unique among
Southern notices While certain-
 
ly no integrationist, Baker was
 
able to attempt important and
objective law-enforcement
The demonstration, similar
ly, were under the responsible
and mature leadership of the
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference. They responded to
the change in attitude of the
local police and were able to
control the more irresponsible
members of the movement
such as the SNCC workers and
the local transfers.
The delta concentrations
were different because of both
these turning points. And
While it is too soon to tell the
full extent of delta's importance, the voting law now in
Congress must be considered a
partial reflection of its significance.
 
WILSON BAKER. helena-s Public Saieiy director. and selrno
oiiy Police shop one of hsli a dozen ciiernpied matches on
the court house. This particular rnareh was led by Reverend
Aberneihy.
 
5&3 photos by Henry Wilhelm and John Phillip.
 
'today, March 20, I'm
SCARLET AND BLACK
’ SCI C's Vivian Phones Toll! Here,
Discusses Non- Violence Philosophy
“Non-violence to us is more
than not fighting back," C. T.
Vivian, President of Affiliates
of the Southern Christian Lead«
ership Conference, told about
500 Grinnell students by long
distance telephone Monday
night.
He continued, “It is the matter of raising issues to the
level of consciousness to so
great a degree that everyone
within ,society must see himr
self. We reached that high
point today in delta, Alabama,
beCause for the first time We
really got the church involved
in the movement.”
Vivian explained the basic
non-violent philosophy of SCLC.
He repeated that ﬁ‘unsigned suffering brings creative change,
and it works every, every
time."
He explained the manner in
which SCLC sees its philosophy
manifest in results.
“A leader is a person with
following. If you know how to
mass a movement, if you know
how to plan one, if you’ve got
the skills and understanding
and a sense of history, than
you can make gains step by
step to change the society in
which you live. Raise the issues so relatively to the level
of consciousness that all men
must look at what you’re saying and realize that the word
has become flesh. But we know
this—that unsigned suffering
is respective and it brings
change.”
Vivian said that the move
ment is making new allied for
the non-violent philosophy.
“lifetime on the non-violent
road, I hope we’re able to see
labor present itself as we’re
able to see the Church present itself, and we'll know then
that we have the ally of forces
that we need to really see the
kind of change in American so—
dirty that we need," he said.
He continued, “We can be
able to deal with the great social problems of our time with
a force of the people. We can
say with the President, ‘We
shall overcome’,”
“Our work is designed to
create an atmosphere in which
democracy can exist. so that
we have no need for another
‘ocracy’ or another ‘ibm.’ And
this is basic to our understand»
ing," Vivian said.
“You can have a decent society, based upon love, truth,
justice, if you’ve got enough
gets to suffer for it. And that
is the kind of new society that
we’re really talking about,” he
added.
Further explaining the consistent philosophy of sci, he
said. "This kind of thinking
does not come easy, and people
who want to be angry and
throw things don’t quite understand it. But I think we Can
see it here (in delta). As the
unsigned suffering of the Rev.
James Reeb has brought the
Church to the Southern civil
rights movement."
“Peace is the presence of
love and of understanding and
of good will. If we can generate, through crisis, an under-
 
standing of how we really live
With one another, then we can
begin to destruction and begin
to live like we ought to live,
and this is what U16 non-violent
movement is saying, that it
needs the allied to do this. Today the ally of the Church
that are given them, to be able
to reach for these things that
their minds are able to imagine," Vivian assisted.
“delta has listed the issues
to the conference of his nation,” he Concluded.
The telephone lecture was
c. T. VIVIAN. photographer as he talks to a Grinnell audience via long distance telephone.
came
planned.
“It is only a non-violent
movement, that comes to an
understanding of love, that says
that all men should have the
opportunity to fulfill their
serves, to fulfill the facilities
forward,"
Vivian ex- '
arranged by Rev. Robert newly, First C o n g r eg a signal
Church, Grinnell, who participated in the concentrations in
delta last week,
Six Grinnell students were
also in the home from which
Vivian spoke.
 
Page Seven
delta Society Described
(Continued from Page 1)
hearing to that line of police as the
“parameter," a military term
which, unfortunately, is all too
accurate.
Outside that "parameter” is a
town full of people who are has—
ing zoo-year customs changed in
two months. They have been suspected to every kind of comment
possible and their patients has
been stretched major thin. It’s not
a point of certification for any—
thing they've done or will do. It’s
simply a point one has to remember in dealing with them and trying to understand them.
It goes without saying that these
people hate degrees. Even more
they hate the press which exposed
them to the world. But even more,
they hate the northern college student. The four of us are an inform
senate combination — northern
college student pressure.
Inside the “perimenter” it is a
different world. Everyone but
while townspeople are free to come
and go as they want so long as
they don't march and so long as
they don’t try to go through the
Students Fast.
delta Benefits
A voluntary fast from the
evening meal served in the college dining rooms will be held
Wednesday night. The money
saved by not serving the meal
will be sent to the Southern
Christian Leadership Conference to help defeat medical ex»
causes and cost of food during
the recent concentrations in
delta, Alabama.
Each participant in the fast,
in addition to missing the meal,
will contribute 50c when he
registrar for the fast.
A service will be held in service Chapel during the dinner
hour Wednesday for fast participants.
The fast is being organized
by an ad how student Committee composed of represented
times from several campus or
generations.
SYLVAN AVENUE in online was the scene of a continued visit on the part of dimension—
toys. The "invisible Berlin Wall" was the barrier beyond which nnnher demonstration nor
law enforcement officials would judge. The demonstration held his line for five days and
nights, They are pictures here. playing. in the background are some of the police cars
which blocked Sylvan avenue inst outside thedemonstrotion site.
diminished,
 
“delta Wall," the police barry
code that you see in newspapers.
Inside there is a chaos and all
order. Leaders, wireless m an,
bring order through an unseen
system of communication.
A party-like atmosphere previous must of the time and, a.
time passes, this atmosphere in.
creates, It is difficult to imaging
that this is the same group 0
demonstration who were better a
week ago and had one of their own
killed.
The best example of this Cam
Sunday morning when a group 0
ministers tried to march to church,
They were, as you know, stopped,
As they stood at the “Wall,“
stomach to stomach, overall to
overall, with the brothers, one o»posted anything. Anything, that is,
but what happened. When every.
one realized that the ministers
women’t going anywhere, they
started laughing and making, e»,changing cigarettes and matches.
I was standing next to Wilson
Baker, Public ‘Safety Direcioiil
when he controlled the partners.
There was no hate, He told them
they coupon‘t go. They didn’t. He
said he was sorry, He was.
The four of us are working a
newsmen. jason and I have AB
press cards .which I managed i
get through means which soul
make a respect indignant and
probably in eye Sheriff Clarii
curious. Phillips and Wilhelm
have no press identification but
with their cameras they go everywhere with everyone assuming
they are pressure,
We'did‘ not come to delta to
demonstrate and we have not
demonstrated. We came because
we wanted to see and we waste
to tell others. ,
In the few words I have here I
cannon begin to describe the felt
ma demonstration. It is a situation
that will require millions of words
and hundreds of pictures. We have
lived with demonstration, police
and townspeople, yet I’m not sure
any of us could begin to draw l
clear picture of it all.
You have to come to delta to
know delta.
Faculty explorer
Alabama Situation
The college faculty adoption
a resolution Monday deplorin
the denial of human rights
Alabama degrees, and established a fund to aid the delta
civil rights drive.
The resolution Cited the traditional concern of the faculty
of this college “with the (license of civil and intellectual
freedoms.”
It further stated: “achieving
that the freedom of all is as:
started when that of a few i5
. we go on pub;
llc record in our request to all
members of the Grinnell College community to bear elite.
time witness against such mortality, . .
The faculty is conducting a
fund drive With the objective
of $1,000. Roger Eldridge, College chaplain, announced Monday night.
Offerings for SCLC were tale!
en by the students following the
polyphonic lecture and in luncii
lines Tuesday. The total raised
so far by students is about $80»
 
Bigwigs of the Week
Iago right ...._ ..i.
Paul Thurston. illness history maker won an election
ion oanr President over two other convenient in the primary election last night
Chris peterson, junior American studies major. was'
elected AWS Board president’ in an uncontested race this
week
Appoim‘ed Social coordinator for the coming year
Was Keith King, junior music major
Needed: a representative for
Greyhound Bus Line
from: CHlCAGO
MINNEAPOLIS
ST. LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
CONTACT:
Mr. RuckIe,'6-5122
 
New
Spring
formats
by
harris web
oil'
counter's
in
GRINNELL
counter's 4th Ave. sessions
GRlNNELL'S COMPLETE STYLE SHOP FOR WOMEN‘
Something New Every Day
 
SCARLET AND BLACk
} newly
(Continued from Page 2)
to sing, but even King cooked
up."
“His leadership had been
challenged because of the int:
sent on the bridge, and it was
then that he appeared to the
church for support in his efforts," newly explained. “His
appeal had been answered, and
this was his moment of Victory.”
newly noted that the press
has covered the situation in
Alabama very thoroughly, but
has never looked closely at the
philosophy of non-Violence. C.
T. Vivian of SCLC, spoke to
the campus through a long-distance telephone hook-up Mono
day night, and explained the
philosophy at non-violence (See
story page 7.)
newly outlined the process
of after registration in delta.
For protection, degrees are
forced to go to rolling places
in groups. But a group must
stay at least a block away or
stand in contents of court. A
group might mill around the
courthouse for eight hours before they are given individual
numbers.
The number-holder must wait
a month and then return to the
courthouse (remaining one
block away) and wait for his
number to be Called. His number is called twice, and if he
should not be able to hear his
number, he must return in one
month and repeat the entire
process. If his number is called
and he response, he must complete the votes registration
form, which Offers numerous
possibilities for disabilities.
tion.
newly noted that delta has
a population of about 30,000—
half metro and half white. of
the writes 9,000 are registered
to vote; of the degrees, only
about 300 are registered,
newly arrived in delta on
March 11 and returned to Grinnell Tuesday.
 
Friday. rarely 20. I96!
Orchesis In Practice
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRACTICING FOR THE ADAGIO NUMBER in the Orchesis
concert are Dianne Dunn and boston powers left and did.
new running and John Pinmsn This number will be a pan or
the concert to be presented tonight and tomorrow night at
a. no in RoberlsTheafre.
The concern‘ will feature a variety of musical and dance
numbers The club at is members has been working on the
performance for several months
President julie Smith has described inn year's show a:
quite varied She said that several original number: will be
used as accompaniment. r
SUN. and MON.
Continuous Sun.
“BLACK
LIKE ME"
 
H uxmuo in. not? (.4 th- with
nk ol 1 ‘l'llnll'c m pinﬂd
Thu u m fbi-elm sintytxc
, in] nl which: join! on in {but 1
TI» dnaﬁc solution till 'nudur
.yu‘lonely' Am! ’Sina evil: adult’
hm disabled 'ib. d-non’ 1i.-
:h-stored Wtﬂom wu'ly Ind Wuhm
main :1 (In mummt when fun Wilt
For I in. to 0' iii.
alumni-":10. NA.
noNAi XEVIEW, wait.
i. law, cm, in e,
:5 Sb, N. v. H, N. x.
Cammllm'ﬂ condos a! chip-f“
 
ARHVANO'S
PIZZA
chicken — sandwiches — pizza
FREE DELIVERY
5:30 -
Guaranteed the hottest delivering in
town by our all new
BE 6-5222 — IN THE BOWLADROMI
“633 SQIlADRON"
TUES. and WED.
ACADEMY AWARD
NOMINEE BEST ACTRESS
1:00
mtnm
MKVAW.
{manual
minor.
BANCROFi- ENcH
n
I “found”
warming equipment
 
 
Friday. March 20, l9“
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Donahoe outlined leMoyne Stay;
Wants Greater Faculty, Exchange
sy Pam Clay
red Donahoa (speech and
theatre) is back on the Grinnell campus after spending last
semester teaching at LeMoyne
College, Memphis, penn. Donahoe said that he hopes more
Grinnell faculty will be able to
go to Le‘wayne and that some
LeMoyne faculty can come to
Grinnell.
Ha left that‘his semester at
LeMoyne was a great learning
experience for all concerned
Ind said enthusiastically, "I
wish I were back."
Donahoe's wife and his
daughter accompanied him to
the metro college with which
Grinnell has an exchange program. His seventh — grade
daughter was entered by college students rather than attending the public school there.
Scott, the Donahoe's high-school
need son, stayed here in order to aid the Grinnell high
school basketball team. .
l “I asked that we live on
campus,” said Donahoe. “Much
of the faculty lives in an area
called White Haven, but I
wanted to be easily accessible
to the drama students."
He said that throughout the
semester ﬁle number of std-
 
had increased and he was decidedly please that he had chosen to live on campus.
Dunahoe taught in o d is rn
drama, world literature, and
speech. The speech class was
composed primarily of students
planning to teach who wanted
experience in communication
“My main job was to make
recommendations as to which—
er a drama program was least
able or not,” he said “There
are no forms at LeMoyne, it
is a ‘streetcar college’ and this
greatly complicated the production of a play. The play was
necessarily prefabricated, We
had to work with small sections
whenever the students could get
together and lit the play together at the end."
Donahue was told that only
eight people would turn out to
see the play, The clips. by
Jean Paul Sartre, but. it ran
four nights. ‘
"There was lots or enthusi.
ask there for something worth»
while and lots of untitled dry»
magic ability,’ he said. ,
There is nc permanent drama program at LeMoyne but,
because of the quality and
quantity of response to the play
he produced, Donahue is writing and trying that they do in—
accurate a permanent pro-
cents who dropped in u: talks gray.
DISCOUNT CENTER
SUAVE
SHAMPOO
Reg. 99; 62‘
curve
Polish removed
Reg. 39: 23‘ plus tax
V2 RGallon
CREAM RINSE
Reg. $1.59 88‘ plus tax
1/2 cal. BUBBLE
RIGHT GUARD
log. SLOO
Gibson's Price
58' pin. in
lovely seemed
Dress Sheer
NYLONS
By Supermode
Sizes 8V1 thru ll
Gibson's Price
52‘
 
Thomas Describes
leave in Pakistan
By Anne mirror
Returning from an 18 month
leave in hitachi, Pakistan,
Philip S. Thomas, (economics)
rather succinctly sims up the
whole of his experience when
he says he “loved its"
Besides doing a good deal of
research in the area of international economics for the
Pakistan Institute of Development Economics, Thomas may
also accomplished a new first
for a Grinnetl professor—the
was featured in a spread for
Life magazine, which anyone
must admit is a bit of a jump
from the 8&1}.
While functioning in Kashmir, as did the Mogul emperors when they needed to get
away from it all, the Thomas
family happened to jump into a
Life photographer who was
hunting for an American family which he could photograph.
and so the photographer had
his pictures and the shemales
had B "lot of fun.”
Not a newcomer.to the area.
having.worked as a copyright
scholarin New. Delhi, Thomas
went to hitachi with the expressed desire to master the
Irdu language, worked diligently an hour a day for several
months on it, and was some»
what diseases to discover that
English is the official language
used in all economic writing
there and find is the language
 
} Phi Beta happy
(Continued from Page 1)
Technical Panel of the U. 5.
National Committee for the International Geophysical Year
from 1957 to 1960 and in 1963
was appointed a director of the
American Association {or the
Advancement of Science.
training at: the Phi Beta
happy chapel program will be
the chapter president. Kenneth
christianity (biologY). assistant him in concerning cardiff»
water of membership on the
newly elected seniors will be
the chapter secretary, James
message (English).
Taking over leadership of the
chapter on May 1 will be that
newly elected president, Andrew Debicki (Spanish), and
vice president. Joseph Danforth (chemistry).
of the province. He rather lists
fully mentioned that about 300
million people in the area of
northern India and Nepal speak
Irdu. but there didn't appear
to be a numerous mass Of them
in hitachi.
Thomas specifically worked
on the problem of information
in Pakistan Presently, because
of balance of payment dilficul»
ties, there exists an corporate
system to keep down imports,
briefly by licensing reporters.
He stated that “almost any
economic study is a substantial
contribution" in the area oi
THOMAS—
(continued on Page 10)
 
aug! Nine
physician german
Visiting lectures
Dr. William W. german, professor of physics at the University of
Wisconsin, will serve as a Visiting
lectures at Grinnell Wednesday
and Thursday. April 7 and a.
He will visit under the auspices
of the American Association of
Physics Teachers Vﬂnd the American institute of Physics as a part
of a nationwide program to sin-nu.
late interest in physics, The program is now in its rights year and
is supported by the National act.once Foundation.
Drr german will give lectures,
hold informal meetings with std—'
cents and assist faculty members
with curriculum and repeatﬂl
problems.
Roger canyon (physics) is in
charge oi arrangements {or Dr.
german’s visit.
His special interests have been
in x-ray spectroscopy of sounds,
slow neutral scattering, crystal 6e
facts, and biophysics — the study
or the structure of large molecules.
He has written numerous seven—
topic papers, has written for‘ the encyclopedia of Physics, was canal;l«
want to Argonne National Labora—
tony and Los Alamos Laboratories
team 1946 m 1950, and is on the
board of editors of "Review 0!
Scientific Instruments"
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL !
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
BATH {7.2% 88¢ ii“:
GLEEM
TOOTH PASTE
Reg. is.
only 41‘ .‘
POVND'S
ANGEL SKIN
Reg. 59: 34‘
CIGARETTES
All Brand:
Reg. S2.52, King 52.56
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, loved
STORE
HOURS:
New Line of
TIMEX
WATCHES
As low As $5.91
Reg. $7.95
SUAVE
dream since.
leg. 9% 52‘ plus In
line Polyethylene Shield
MODESS
[2 Reg. or Super
Reg. 45: 38‘
BATH TOWELS
Reg. 49c 3 1‘
V sun. to 9 p.m. Friday
9 min, to 8 p.m. Mom. fuel..
Wed" ”album, Sat.
CREST
TOOTH PASTE
Regular 75:
Gibson's Price
41‘ .,
NEW SESA ME
Trials while you may
SESA ME cards
“‘9‘ 33:
av:
SESA ME STICKS
“‘9' 331:
3‘7:
KLEENEX
TISSUE
zoo two-pay discuss
25‘
 
ago Tm
SCARLET AND BLACK
Buoy Describes liberiun colours;
‘ huntington Stay Provides Insight
By Kris cash
Liberia, West Africa, is a nation of sharp contracts, From the
modern coastal city of mongolia
to the unexpected auckland of the
interior, from the educated students and teachers of the colleges
to the tribal nations who have never seen a white man, from the
numerous areas exhibition western influence to the promotion customs of the bush which are often
stopped in magic and intersection
~ in these and in various other
segments of Liberian life are
found constant recorders of the
great paradox which the culture
of this country currently represents.
Liberia has been the home of
kirk Baay (German) for this past
11 months. Easy and his wife and
family lived on the campus of
huntington College, 120 miles from
the coast. Though said to ha located in the village of Suacoco,
huntington is actually situated in
the open bush, With promotion native supplements existing perhaps
a mile from the campus.
Serving as I copyright-days
Visiting lectures, Baay taught
freshman English and American
literature at huntington, one of Liberia’s two colleges.
Baay described mongolia, the
Liberian capital, as “a suitable
city,” containing several supermarkets, and large office buildings in the downtown sector. Traffic in mongolia assembled that In
western cities, with taxes the chief
means of transportation.
huntington is a liberal arts college offering a degree in agriculture, as well as the standard 3.5.
_and BA. certificates, The school’s
li-member faculty serves an enrollment of about 200 students,
three-courses of which are fiber-
flow to spend l weekend
rush asap-la
filters CNIOII
enters, ohio i
mu. m
stud-Mr ml n
orwomunmal
any at
IGI 0'.
mba'ttotsi
. ha emoy a
weekend for
ibm. Here i.
W I did My
Dinner at mba ttatai ms
crime Symphony no
sun .i v Hotel in
.sl
risks
It'barbara at v naval
An inﬁll)!- low
[with tel shitﬂu'x
Nat. Hist. Moi-uni tour InV Mei us
cents, r delhi .I5
As
full It 1 Motel us
is at v not-l
w hip at Central Christi
lunch at v net-i no
.st
sun, am. last l- mu
le small
MIN - years - MMMIEI
Stay at Chicago's
Y M C A H O T E I.
on South Web-sh
at the edge of flu Loop
 
min,” - man-estwms for nurv‘tionnw tail ill-will
fans. While most students come
from high schools in mongolia'
there are some enrolled who received their secondary level operations at mission schools in the
bush. Such pupils lack the cultural
development of the Monrovlans,
but otherwise are scholastically
competent.
Since there are no utilities, huntington has a generator and pro
rules its own electricity. There is
a college dining room, though
Baay and his family lived in a
separate three-room unit containing a refrigerator and electric
range. Baay revealed that the water throughout Liberia holds the
threat of directory and typhoid
fever, and is therefore until to
driver.
Classes at huntington are not
overcrowded with the student body
still relatively small, but the directory facilities are definitely
wrapped. Four students are its
rally forced to occurs a room
scarcely specials as a Grinnell
"double."
Occasional concerts by visiting
groups are also presented in sons
movie, and plays are stated from
time to time by amateur groups
The amateur electrical group at
huntington recently presented a
Gilbert and sullivan operator, under the direction of a faculty ads
visit on dramatic: and assisted
by Mrs. Buy. On an even lang<
er scale was a production of “Mars
der in the Cathedral," which was
put on not only at the college, but
in mongolia and other cities in
the island interior.
The student who played the lead
in “Murder in the Cathedral” is
a native boy, president of the student body, whom easy is ins
arrested in bringing to Grinnell
next year as a senior.
Baay was active in the athletic
scheme at huntington by serving
as chairman of the athletic committee and coaching the soccer
team. Soccer is the most popular
game in West Africa. Baay emphasized that the quality of Liberian play in such contests as basketball and track has been greatly
increased as a result of better organization in these areas at Monrovian high schools.
Just as in mongolia, the seat
tired expenses of native quarters
— with their rnud hits, called by
calculated-iron rooms —- supply
instant contrast to the metropolitan ﬂavon of the downtown office
buildings, so in the interior the native tribal villages class with the
atmosphere of huntington. These
nations live as their ancient and
centers did. bringing an existence
out of the auckland by farming
and small-scale livestock or poultry growing. Because of the animals’ properties for contracting
lethal tropical diseases, there is
an astonishing search of Wild
game in the Liberian interior. The
nations supplement what little
bowl and fish meal is available
by raising dicks, goals, and
checking in their villages.
Most of the promotion tribes
have members who have never
seen the white man, but have only
heard stories. The general tribal
image is of a “kind of superior
with all kinds of magic,” Baay
says
The tribal native has no concept
of the world as it exists; even
those who have seen maps or II‘
last are unable to accept a horimn which sometimes beyond the
coast or further than mongolia.
There are villages in the deep
bush still to be reached; than is
a job in Liberia that is gargantuan
in scope.
Buy believes that many of the
native customs, such as awareness
of family and tribal ties, an ones
which could be better employed
by our more civilized cultures.
cordless to say, there are endless
benefits which modern methods
could bring to the nations. chairs
is a whole story in itself as they
continue to live, simply and prime«
time, in contrast to the proceeding
horizon of modern inﬂhence in Liberia, West Africa.
} Thomas
(Continued from Page a)
Pakistan economics since so
little research has been trivia
pussy undertaken, but also that
for an underdeveloped country,
Pakistan’s economy “is doing
well" and the economic policy
is performing “s good job."
 
 
For All Your
SMOKING
SUPPLIES
muscle Down To The
VAR
SITY
917M
 
Friday. March 20, [965
Dunforill trends Seven Months in Paris
Under Universal Science Foundation
By Pam Clay
From July until the end of
January, Joseph Danforth
(chemistry): his wife, and his
four children lived in Paris,
where Danforth was working
with the UNESCO Science
Teaching Section.
Danforth actually had two responsibilities. Through his professional connections he was
able bi) work with UNESCO section, the head of which is Albert
Baez (father of Joan Baez). In
this capacity Danforth added in
the development of films and
teaching aids for UNESCO
teachers to use. “It is difficult
enough to teach chemistry at
Grinnell," said Dsnforiih, “and
hero almost everyone has the
same general backgroun ."
UNESCO has a great problem with 115 countries all having different cultures, religions,
teaching methods, and teaching
aims. ”It strikes for the most
worthwhile objchVes in sales»
topic education but the difficulties of accompiishment are
many," he said.
In many of the Eastern countries chemistry is necessarily
more practical; in d us t r i ll
chemistry is arrested. The lib
oral arts concept does not exist,
and students are trained mainly
as professional scientists
Daniorth also taught a beginning chemistry laboratory at
the American College, a toolbar liberal arts college in Paris. The American College has
students from all over Europe
and several from the Rice Insci<
tuta in the United States its students also have quite veteran e n e o u 5 educational backgrounds
Danforth said that for a family of six who did not know
French, living in Paris was
hard and expensive. They lived
at the Pension de vanilla (time
ilar to a building house) “The
French cooking was very good
at first but they always had so
much garlic in the meat!" he
explained. “Also, we were not
accustomed to some of their
 
delicacies-such as cow's head,
which is all fat,”
Daniorth explained that Paris
has virtually no futures mod
that the population density is
about three times that of New
York City because everyone
lives above the many small
shops.
The French have a much
greater time involvement in
education than do Americans.
They travel to school (sometimes quite a distance), they go
to school for is long time, and
they take many subjects A
large number of them know
two or three languages.
As a difference from the
American situation, Danfotth
cited the defining lack of what
seems to be efficiency record
ing to the American connection,
it was more difficult to accomplish things which American: think should be don. im<
pediatric. The French are
proud of their own heritage and
are not extremely interested in
allowing or bringing in new
things which are not of French
origin, Danforth noted.
DllBarry Cosmetics
and
Personal Service
acceptable
Combination
d
sharp Pharmacy
4th Ave.
 
TASTE WHAT'S HAPPENED TO LEMON AND LIMEl
 
 
 
Friday, March 20, I?“
SCARLET AND BLACK
Pioneers Finish Worst Season In Pasl 13 Years ,
The recordrbreaking scoring
of Jeff grants provided must of
the bright moments in Grinnell’s otherwise draw basketball
season.
grants, Grinnell’s “Mr. EVv
training,” set two season and
two single game point marks.
The e - 2 junior guard - forward
wrote new season point (509)
and field goal (208) standards
along with single game point
(46) and'ﬁend goal (22) marks.
He's the first Pioneer ever to
top the 500-point players in a
single season, John sussex set
the old record of 445 in 195455.
Dave Dunlop changed up the
other three marks 7177 field
goals in a season, 43 points in a
game, and 18 field goals in a
game—win the 194950 and 1950‘
51 campaigns.
grants' ”point and 22»field
goal outburst came against
Knox in a holiday tournament
game. Jeff also had 41-, 38-,
i success Opportunities!
EXCLUSIVE FRANCHISE
amazing new liquid prairie swing
used an .11 types at surfaces in print
or exterior, Eliminates rating when
applied an Asphalt Tile, Vinyl, final.
eur. Vinyl thomas. Hard Wood. and
Furniture. Completely eliminalei painting when applied to wood, Metal or
cameras but'ages. inir finish ir also
recommended for boats and autumn—
bllesi
.NO COMPETITION
Ax these are exclusive lormulax in
demand by all businesses. industry and
homes. Ne franchise lee. Minimum in.
yerimeni — 5300, Maximum insert.
menu — $7.000. investment is secured
by inventory. Factory trained persons
new urls help set up your african,
For complete details and description
literature write:
CHEM-PLASTICS a. PAINT CORP.
1828 losusr St. Louis 3. Mo.
 
37- and two 33~point games. He
failed to reach double figures
only once in 22 games.
He now has 900 points in two
seasons and is only 203 she of
the career mark country held
by sussex and Jim Mifflin.
grants also faced Grinnell
in the responding department
with 234. His season high of 30
at plymouth was only one
short of the school record.
A complete hall player,
grants is also a defensive and
floor standard.
Two other Pioneers started
scoring operates in double figures. Elliott Hibbs applied 286
markers for a 13.0 average and
Tom Hlll was close behind with
273 points and a 12.3 average.
Hibbs had a single game high
of 25; Hill 23.
slide Smith was number four
polntmaker With 178 for an 8.1
average. Ted sister ranked
fifth, 15:! markers and a 7.3 average.
Smith, the only senior regular, ranked second in responding with 136. Hill pulled down
118.
AS a team, the Pioneers were
cumshot from the field (739-704)
and from the free throw line
(401-324) and were outrebounded (994857).
College Siudenlsl
Looking For Vacation
Employment?
Dude watches, Mountain Resorts and Hotels. For inf. write
Rocky Mm. PO Box 87.
learned. Nebl
Send Sell started Envelope
 
A Trip To Europe
For Less Than $100
switzerland — A do.ifiygurself summer in Europe is email.
able through the international Travel Establishment. The
new lan makes a triple Europe, including transportation,
posts I9 for less than $100l
A complete do-il-yourself
rospeeiur including instruction. money saving tips and a
large selection of vol: opportunities may be obtained by
writing to D. i. 3, international Travel Establishment, 68
Herrengassa,
adux. Liechtenstein (Swilzerlandl. Sand 51
for 11.. material and airfare postage.
 
VMouthaleiing PIZZA
EN@'§
Don't forget those SUBMARINES
on Mon. and Wed.
FREE DELIVERY
file _ 7.12 pm.
 
Two new team records went
on the books—most points in a
game (105 against joe) and the
704 field. goals.
Grinnell’s 7-15 overallrrecord
and 5-13 Midwest Conference
state were the school’s protest since the 1951»52 output lost
13 of 18 games and finished in
the loop collar with a 3-10
mark. This year's 5‘13 loop rec»
0rd left the Pioneers in a north
place tie with plymouth.
While the computers had a responsible 4-5 league mark at
home, they could win only one
of nine road games, They dropped the last eight after opening with a win at. Cornell.
courses leads Team
To 6-5 Dual Record
Bill Barnes, Ken Strubler,
Larry Miller, and Morgan Mia
chef were the big pointmakers
as Grinnell’s wrestling team
won SlX of 11 deals and placed
third in the Midwest longer
once meet.
Barnes won 12 or 15 matches
at 123 pounds and captured the
Midwest Conference champion.
ship. After shopping two of
his first three matches, he won
11 of 12, including the final
eight.
Strubler posted a 124 mark
at 130 pounds and placed sec0nd in the league meet. He was
detected only twice in his last
13 deals and had one string of
eight straight victorian.
Miller, two-time league tourist
at 167 pounds, won ll times andy
lost only three before being,
undefined by injuries late in the1
season. He signed five opponf
cents, but was unable to defend‘
his loop crown because of the‘
injuries. .
A laterseason surge give Mi
chef a 1076 mark for the year.
He won five of his last six
matches and was one of two
Pioneers to place third in the:
conference meet. .‘
Gary Wilson was Grinnell's‘
other thirdrplace pointgetter in
the league gray. A late-season
addition to the team, he filled inn
at lG7 after Miller's injury and
lost but once in six experiences.
Wrestling at both 177 and 191,:
party bingo closed with a 7-7-1
state. Mike Deatherage was 411 at 147; Bob seller was 2.140
at 177 and 191; and Cliff bowl«
ing was l-lB-O at 137.
j
Rockwood colored
janet Major Stephen Rockwood received the Air Force
Association Award at a formal
“diningrin” held here recently,
He is executive officer of the.
155th Air Force ROTC janet.
Trackslers rules
SCI Indoor Meet
A depending champion
shot potter Jim Miller ~ will
head Grinnell's entries at the
Iowa indoor track meet at her
day Falls tomorrow.
The meet will begin at 11
am in the State College of
lnwa greenhouse.
Miller sunglasses other shot
letters a year ago with a 467
111/2 toys as Grinnell placed
second with 551/2 points. SCI
took the title with 95 points.
Two other point - letters
from last year will be reply
setting Grinnell. John TePaske
ran on Grinnell's winning
sprint wesley and 24rlap relay teams and was a member
of the Pioneers' second place
12~lap foursome. Walt real
placed third in the high jump
Competition.
TePaske will broad jump
this year in addition to his
running chorus.
Other Pioneers whom acting
coach Gene robert Will take
to the meet are winners Steve
Brinmall. Paul batteries,
Mike Dewitt, Bob Dyer, Jim
Murtfeldt, John jersey, and
Dave Synhorst, and fieldman
Tom Wood. Synhorst and Keir
see also double in field events,
Dewitt, TeFaske, paintball,
batteries, Dyer, and Synhorst all had a hand in first
 
Page Ele 71
Dr. White, purple
To Address Seniors
Dr. Helen substance While,
professor of English at the Uni»
version of Wisconsin, will be
the speaker for announcement
exercises June 4, it was announced this week.
Howard purple (philosophy
and religion) will be the speaker for baccalaureate services
June 31
Dr. White has been a member of the English faculty at
Wisconsin Since 19”. She
served as chairman of the department 1955-59.
She is or has been a menu
bar of numerous similarly and
public service organizations.
Among them are the united
States National Commission
for UNESCO, and the directors
of the National Conference of
Christians and Jews.
She was the recipient of a
Guggenheim fellowship, a
Huntington library research
fellowship, several awards for
literature as Well as several
contrary degrees.
purple has been a member
of the Grinnell faculty since
1958. He holds the B.D., S.T.M.,
and Ph.D. degrees from Yale
University.
place points as the Pioneers
copper their fourth straight
Midwest Conference indoor
title two weeks ago.
 
 
equation.
Make your car feel like new
With a Tune-Up
STANDARD
‘ll’
Luiesl' Folk
and
5
Guitar Music
Popular Sheet Music
LEEPER'S
 
 
 
 
 
 
MATH
 
 
 
gynaggbjnmzs sirJ
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Twelve
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. March 12. l?"
 
 
Pioneers Drop Final Away Games.
lounge Into Conference seller lie
The Grinnell basketball team
planned down to a the\for the
collar in the league by drop»
ping two more away games
last weekend. On Friday night
plymouth beat the Pioneers
78b7, and Knox took a 10145
decision on Saturday. Mon»
mouth was then able to tie
the Pioneers for last -in. the
Midwest Conference.
Against plymouth. Coach
deutsch started the four seniors
and Jeff grants. a combination that had functional so well
against Cornell. But the seniors quickly fell behind, 15-1,
and the four were able to
score only five points alto<
gather in the whole game.
plymouth had no trouble
keeping the lead and extended
it to 47-29 at half-time and Won
going away 7867.
The high point of the game
was the 30 rebounds Jeff
grants granted to fall one
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—ct my, min, Grinnell
 
short of the Grinnell record of
31 rebounds in one game. Unfortunately, after grants nobody could grab more than five
rebounds.
grants was also the high
scores With 23 points, followed
by Elliott Hibbs with 17.
Saturday one Pioneers ran
into,a hot shooting and tough
responding Knox team, Knox
hit 54 per cent of its shots in
burning the Pioneers,
Grinnell was able to stay
close in the first half as Jeff
grants posted in 26 points.
Knox took only a 49-43 maritime lead.
But Knox kept scoring easily
in the start of the second half
and also put a class on grants
and the rest of the Pioneers
and quickly shot out to a
containing lead. They later
became one of the string of
teams to Crack the century
mark against the Pioneer defense. The Pioneers shot only
28 per cent in the second to put
themselves out of the game.
The Siwash also produced
the Pioneers on the boards.
64741. grants again led the bio<
needs with twelve while no other Pioneer got more than six,
Knox was led by John require with 13.
Another important part of
the game was the foul situation. Although the Pioneers
got only one more foul than
the Siwash, Pioneers slide
Smith, Jeff grants, and Dick
lovely forced out while Knox
lost nobody by souls.
grants led all showers with
28 points with Tom Hill at 15
the only other scores in double
figures.
 
swingers Set Four New Records
As Team Gains 8-7 Season plate
New records were written in
four events as Grinnell's swiss
king team posted an 8-1 dual
meet mark and placed third
in the Midwest Conference
meet.
Coach Il‘v Simone’s Pioneers
won their first eight deals, mapping Augustana, joe, plymouth, Lawrence, Beloit, Carleton. St. Olaf, and Knox but
dropped the finals to Cornell,
They were outpoinled by Cornell and Beloit in the loop meet.
Ken sherman, John iraqi,
Ralph Pray,. Ray Langliam,
and Steve Holtze were the record speakers.
sherman powered the school
standard in the ZOO-yard breaststroke to 2:101 and was under
tested until the loop meet. He
also set a new pool mark of
2212.5.
iraqi dropped the school and
pool records in the 2007yard
breaststroke to 2226.8. He too
was unbeaten until the league
meet.
Pray and Langham both
claimed marks in the 200 lifestyle. After Pray wrote a 2:01.B
school standard, Langham cut
it to 2:01.4. Pray then worked
it down to a 2:00.5,
Only a freshman, Holtze set
a new school and pool mark of
1:44.6‘ in the [60-yard individual
wesley.
 
grants on Conference Team:
Only Grinnellicln So colored
.jeff grants became the only
Grinneli basketball player to
achieve all-conference rating
when the team was announced
this week. He joined Jim Cahoon, lack Grams, Skip Swan.
and Eric Grimsrud on the
first team.
Guard Jim Cahoon of simon,
who operated 22.2 points a
game, was the only anonymous
choice in the very close voting.
The other guard was St. Olaf's
Eric Grimsrud. who operated
13.8 points a game. The forwards were grants, who was
second in the league scoring
with a 22.6 average, and Cornell’s Jack Grams, who won the
league scoring title with a 25.6
average. Skip Swan of soa, who
operated 19.4 points a game,
was the center, grants and
Grimsrud are the seniors on
the team while the other members are seniors,
The second team convicted of
sophomore Rich classes', a 18.7
 
scores from Cornell, Junior
Bob Rudolph, who operated
20.8 points a game for Beloit,
se nior Earl cooper, who
noticed 16.8 points a game for
Lawrence, and Richard workers, who scored 20.3 points a
game for plymouth. There was
a three-way tie for the fifth position on the team among Phil
cooler, a Beloit sophomore.
Jeff Nelson, a St. Olaf junior,
and Doug which, a Knox junior.
 
Backstroker Tony norton was
another mainstay of the team.
He was interested in his spec<
iality until the conference event.
norton, iraqi. and sherman
also spam on the AGO-yard wesley team that lost only once.
Bill month was the big but‘v
price of the loop match, placing second in the 60-yard lifestyle.
Get
Everything
CLEANED
IOWA '
CLEANERS
North
and South
Agencies
 
a variety
of daughters
and cookies
SERIOUSLY —i Consider Europe This Summer
June l4—FLY TO LONDON BY JET
Aug. 'lé—FLY TO NEW YORK BYJET
WHAT TO DO TILL THE JET COMES BACK:
$325 with group
TAKE a "CAMPING THRU aurora" man _ 55 Days — $519 .
1. Includes transportation. camping equipment. 2 meals daily. and sightseeing
—can you devil-yourself for less?
ANNUAL SESSIONS ABROAD AT UNIVERSITIES in Spain. Austria. Italy.
2. France —— from $195
afuaAlLrass — z months — ms
4 RENT OR BUY A CAR—Volkswagen. Simca. Opel. Volvo. Jaguar. Fiat.
O
and other:
Talk to Mom and Dad at Spring Receu. It costs something to stay at hotel
GRINNELI. TRAVEL CENTER
308 5TH
 
