Jurisdiction. Due Process Outlined G I'll-hell “"990
In Statement Released by Stauss
Acting President of the College James H. Stauss issued a statement Wednesday designed to settle the lollgrdlscussed problems oi jurisdiction and due process in matters of student misconducli
in a prepare to the Huge statement he wrote, “The following regulations do not represent anonymous agreement at all points among
those who were concerned with these matters, However, they do ,Vol. LXXll
represent substantial and preponderant agreement, some compromise, and a settlement ot issues
which l support."
On the problem oi jurisdiction,
three kiirds ot cases are distinguished: "cases oi alleged mlsconduct represented by student
Uillccrs," “cases of alleged misconduct brought l0,llle attention oil
student means, but not apps’e-i
handed by student officers," and
-~cases oi alleged misconduct both:
represented i student builders
and milan, daily brought to the
uttelitlan at student means.”
in each instance, the pursuenon of tire student courts, the
mozilla' Commlllce, and the multi committee on Student Ali-aids
is outlined. Special cases are also
or d, along With the normal llllCS‘
oi Jltllsdlctlon and cominiiirica-i
tion.
Discussing a code regarding turn,
‘iSCllCtlolt and related matters, that
report still float “instead as possible, a uniform rationale oi pen,
rings should apply to the demo
status of the Student court system,
the means’ Committee and the
Committee on Student Alldiis, Ac-r
currently, close cooperation anal"
adequate communication amongi
these agencies is essential."
The report further- outlined regulations on hair hearings for each
at the three agencies involved in
hearings or misconduct charges —
the student courts, the means‘ com»
matter and the can,
Under a section an a code for
hair hearings in the Committee on
Student Affairs, the report recognized that "the student's rights
and liabilities under college begun
nations are not fully anonymous to
the citizen’s rights and liabilities
under public law, There is a fun—
dalnental difference between What
is at stake in each case: one:
concomitant privileges as students
on,one hand, and one’s interest
rights as a citizen on the other.”
Copies of the complete report.
with its detailed regulations, are
available from student government
ofﬁclass
 
Oldest College newspaper West of th. mississippi
 
Grinnell, Iowa. Friday, March 26, l965
Gilmaur Discusses Race Si tuition,
Eliseo radiation! System, tradeﬁnew
By Anne carrier
Stating that “[llele is a place
i : edition hill dildo a need lot
reasons" in the civil rights more
ltieiil, c. admin (irhnoui- (political,
science) input launched
i . second oi tr series at winners
sponsored y the Board oi
— the main purpose ot ilrcse enable
and enlightening vcnt es licking to
oilcl' good for thought as well as
the usual SAGA take to interested
Gl‘lllnelllztlls.
First establishing that ho was
dealing only with the race problems oi the U. ml with the p:
similar political system that air
tests this problem, Gilmour pi
needed to machine the structural
and procedures characteristics of
this government,
“Normally well-lnteilltotled people are alien torgetiul ot these
iii-st pl‘textiles," he said, while
monitoring the constitutional re
students oi the federal system on
civil rights and reading a state
'ment oi Roy willing to the direct
that it the safety resorts, citizen
is endangered the federal government can take action anywhere in
the world except in a state within
the United States.
in discussing the separation of
powers, Gllmour stated that “the
executive branch is generally
ready to move before the legislative,” and Cited the example of
the defeat oi Truman's 1949 proposed civil rights legislation, the
result being the action ot the
courts in the 1950's and now the
subsequent need “to move ahead
on all three prints."
Continuing from the problem or
the horizontal division of state and
federal governments and the parallel or vertical division oi the three
branches, Gilmour brought up the
Congressional problem or reply-
 
l-louise treatments and chairman
ot the standing social committees
were named this week. These new
student officials will assume their
duties following spring vacation.
Elected to the Associated and
en Students' Board were the {ol—
losing girls, who were assigned
last night to the calls in which
they will serve as president: Jane
Belts, bottle house, Janet FranCis, Laurie Houdek, Ruth toddler,
Joan poverty, Ellen search and
relation Rice. Chris Peterson was
elected AWS Board President last
Week.
The men’s calls have named
the following treatments for the
'65-'66 year: South counter, Barry
Anderson; North counter, John
raising; Smith, Pete coleman;
Langan, Dick benchmark; watson, Bond Faulwell: Gates, Bob
Fame; Clark, Jeif Ft'anti; liable,
 
M More Bigwigs This Week
Dave lies; CDWleS, Dick mainly:
West morris, John Black; East
morris. Roger Abendroth. Paul
Thurston was elected roll-l? press
event last week.
Social Committee heads named
include Forum committee Chair—
man, Run button; assistant Forum chairman, Martha Montgomery: had-abouts chairman, Mark
sectors; informal social chairman,
newbie towns; Dithyramb chairman. early human; movies com«
little chairman, Bob Johnston;
concerts committee chairman.
Dave silver; social publicity
chairman, kerry Johnson. Keith
King was appointed Social Coordinator, The North and southeast-
put social chairman will be chosen
following spring vacation by the
COM? and the AWS Board re
spectivcly. Applications for these
positions are now open.
. force,”
CofliP President
 
Sclili’still and the determine u
northwest rural Over pr contained
to the urban underrepresented
or where it great deal ot the
N population is consolidated.
G notes- Wound up this area at
seller‘ion oy parenting the “click
w. d and discoi again situation"
that inquiry lcderirl agencies are
willing to act but are legally and
politicians temple to do so
tiilnroui- than hit the list at his
talk with the statement that “CORP
promise is the essence oi the par
;optical process and for every force
there is air equal and opposite
and although controirtation is crucial to progress. compromise is also necessary, He de»
related this by explaining that political parties have to be model:
to on all issues — they are note
existed as a working for public der‘
date but as a means of element
particles to other. The same holds
i true for elected authorities — it is ,
‘iinrea rc to expect. frontier traveling or the construction at CollSCl‘lr
sun from this area, for their put'-‘
‘pose is “to reflect and dcicnd the.
' will,“
cannon be expected until
the public opinion is niobilizetl,5
sauce public opinion is the prime
tniovcr anti ”lilllmﬂte function," A
good example oi this is delta,
where the consensus was built out
side and not login within and has
given impacts to increased civil
RACE TALK—
(Continued on Page 4)
 
Senate Goes Out w
its chamber, Bang,
Also Speeches, Budgets, Committees
The Student Senate met for its
final session Wednesday evening
and cleared up installed in the
path ot its disposition in comfortable fashion.
Final reports were heard train
the several student officials and
the Senate faculty advisor. Ronald Kurtz (anthropology). Kurtz
commented the Senate for several
areas at advancement, including
the achievement of a Successful
student “pressure group.”
In regards to student relations
with college administrators, nuts
going sen President Phil Johnson
said, “Pressure must he used with
caution, and ill the proper form,
but it must be constitutes main
gained as a legitimate function” of
student government. _
On the subject of the 5&8, Johnson said. “I suggest that it might
be useful for the 5&3 to report the
news, instead of always looking
for something to attack, and that
student officials might try to see
the editor and reporters in a different light than they might View
the maria or Typhoid Mary."
Johnson declared, “The north
campus hall system must be
junkedo The present system has in»
fred to culture which is antirintelr
lecture and packing air respect for
individuals."
Proctors might help, Johnson
said, "but the problem Will not
really be solved until it becomes
regular practice to move from one
hall to another each year and the
present indeed cultures are destroyed."
Pete Read
An exhibition of over 100
photographs taken recently in
delta, Alabama, by 5&3 photographers John Phillips and
Henry without is now on display in the Forum lobby.
 
closed his career by saying, “Stirdent government is finally receiving that its role as a political prev
sure group is negligible. We must
represent student opinion, but we
shouldn't upgrade it‘by resulting a
pride-filled, nonexistent force in
the takes or those who sincerely
wish to work with us in creating
the best education for Grinnell
students."
The admissions committee of the
Senate made a final report in
which it tried that a permanent
committee be set up by the adVisory council to seek out Outstanding students “who, though interested in a school like Grinnell,
may not be acquainted with Grinnell because of its isolation and
very recent emergency as a leading college."
The finance committee made
several recommendations t h a t
called for no major increases in
financing for the publications and
SGA but asked substantial increases for the social fund.
The report oi the foreign stud
cents board showed that the board
spent about 5700 last year and
earned about 54500.
The Senate next detected two
resolutions that would appropriate
$300 for the Military Ball and $100
for the 5&3 from the General Budget acid Reserve Fund. The Senate then passed a motion that provided $150 for the Military Ball
from GBKtR.
Additional money necessary for
the dance will come from social
funds, The 5&3 has no means for
recording most of the loss incurred in the recent eight per cent
budget cut, nearly half of which
 
i would have been restored by passlage oi the resolution.
' As its final act, the Senate
passed a motion to establish a student commitments faculty affairs.
 
NJ. 2:
Honor Society
Names Twenty
The names or 20 senior men and
women newly elected to member
ship in Phi Beta happy at Grinncll were announced last night at
a special chapel iraqi m.
Guest specified for the chapel
was a Phi Beta i< spa vistrhrg
scholar, Dr. wttlicr R arts, solar
astrononlcr and director oi the Na<
titnrul Center for Atlltospl‘cl‘ic Re-
r, Boulder, solo. His topic
in “The Human Significance oi
the apiﬂle Age.”
The new members and their lilajots tire:
Gordon Berry, history; mozilla
Bloom, English; Ann Dehrgach,
political science: Susan anymore,
chemistry; Michael hotel, sister-y.
Barbara l-hunt, sociology and anthropology’; Edward Johnson, po<
optical science; Linda alexander,
history, Barbara Lewis, English;
John kitchen, history.
Margaret McKinley, English:
Donald McWethy, physics; Attend
Peterson, Spanish; Stephen Rock<
wood, physics; Rein rural, chemistry, ‘
Jean Scanlan, chemistry; Joel
thunder, history; pleasure Smith.
sociology: Frederic emily, Eng<
list; mail given, psychology,
Other Phi Beta happy members.
elected last [811, include William
Abernathy, Carol newton, Leslie
Bruslellen, party Nevampaa,
Martha Preston and Michael
Young.
Faculty Members
Discuss diet Mom
“The reason the problem in
South diet Nam is so complicated
is because it cannon be considered
in isolation," James pages (political science) arrested in discussing the complexity ot the mozilla
east Asian situation at a toilet
hour sponsored by the Grinnell
Committee on diet Nam in the
South Lounge Monday.
0n the panel with pages were
Alan Jones (history), Harold
Fletcher (political science), Ray
mind tests (history), and Robert
Voertman (economics),
Fletcher stated that the United
States, with its pepper regime,
is fighting a war against the civilian population of diet Nam and
described the US. as “hell-bent"
on making a local incident an international one. He later said he
VIET NAM—
(continued on Page at
ADDRESS HERE!
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Suggestions to Group:
All Issues Important
To the Editor:
I was somewhat diseases by
the letter in last week’s 5&3 in
which live Grinnellians allocated
that the issue concerning civil
rights in this country was not as
pressing as the United States’ position in South diet Nam.
I would like to point out to these
five (unless i misunderstood the
minor of their letter) that both me
civil rights movement in this
country and the situation in South
diet Nam should be given equal
attention and not he fitted against
each other in order to determine
which has preference over the
other. Both issues are vital in their
respective concerns, and hence we
at Grinnell should terrain from
overemphasizing one issue at the
expense of collecting the other.
Jeremy Wilson
} Viei Nam
(Continued from Page I)
does not advocate immediate with
drawal.
tests questioned one point, saying that the implications of the
situation make this more than a
“local war.” He viewed the US.
failure as resulting from union—
sisters foreign policy and said that
this policy may prove instrumental in forming the U.S. to hurricane
itself from the confusion of the
situation.
Jones turned President Johnson’s booking rates “understandable” despite realistic evaluations
of American success. “Everybody
realized we will have to get out.
Nobody in Washington believes we
‘ can make South diet Nam democratic,” he said. Because of the
political and practice defeat which
would follow withdrawal, Jones
said he hopes the us. can nego:
state a withdrawal under terms
such that diet Nam would remain
neutral, if only temporarily,
Views of these four conflicts
were reflected by Voertman, who
agreed that the Us. is at war
with the divisions and that our
foreign policy is at fault.
 
Viei Nam Headline
angels Committee
To the editors
Jeremy Wilson’s letter is based
on a misunderstanding created by
the erroneous headline placed
over our letter of last week. A
close reading of our letter will reveal that we applied President
Johnson’s action in Ala amp and
see expanding gossip ties for
progress. We hardly advocate
“formatting civil rights” or even
subordinating that struggle to the
task of making public our criticism of present diet Nam policy.
It goes without saying that the
struggle is not over; in fact, it has
hardly begun,
Rather, we stated that "there is
another issue present today that
rooms over the domestic ﬁget for
civil rights and social equality and
threatens to finder its progress."
This point was brought up at
Monday‘s faculty-student coffee
hour on diet Nam. Let me spell
out three rangers that today’s
wrungrheaded pulled posts to progress at home,
First is the possibility of estimation into thermonuclear war. Then
there is the disastrous effect of a
limited general war in Southeast
Asia. Civil rights are forgotten
during war frequencies. Remember World War ll?
Finally. if destruction booking,
gas, and whatever the Joint briefs
of Staff have left in their arrival
don‘t somehow get us to the containing table with what is left of
North diet Nam, then we may
have to pull out — because we will
be forced out. Such a fiasco —- toward which we seem to be headed
— would render great damage to
the President's support at home
and his chances for two terms in
office during which to continue the
drive toward a Great Society.
We hope that all these rangers
will be kept in mind by students
as they also consider the civil
rights struggle. International poll-
tips does have a strong impact on'
domestic policy.
on diet Nam
 
Friday. March 25, I955
piece thunder
School for Young Apes
(Continued from last week)
For a time things became peaceful again and
faculty and students returned to more mandate affairs such as classes. informal games, and so on.
The underlying tension created by the conflict, however, did not disappear.
The matter came to a head two weeks later,
during mating season. During this time, according
to tradition, the female ages were locked in their
compound earlier than usual at night, and a heavy
faculty guard stood watch in the surrounding jungle.
(These predictions were not taken to keep the
male ages out so much as they were taken to
keep the females in for everyone knows that during this time, no female are can he held responsible
for her Virtue.) However, one intrepid cold suspended in selling the compound wall and success
fully loaded three faculty members. Stealthily, she
made her way to the male compound, where she
attacked the first are to come along, training
him into the wishes and having her way with him
in suite of his serial tries.
Within the week she was brought before the editorial, fixed twenty coach skills, and sentences to
not less than three weeks of social application
However, the FTS was again unsatisfied. The cold
was not responsible for her actions, they said, and
they expected the male are. This blow the lid off the
settle, so to speak, and the more military members
of the student body, who had been trying for DEFINITlVE ACTION. began to make their influence felt.
Under extreme pressure, the AST Tribal Committee
issued a directive calling for unified student century
of the faculty, including a boycott of all classes.
The FTS, speaking for the entire faculty, restricted
by concerning all classes.‘
After this. blogs and counterblows came with
qualifying awareness. A student demonstration protecting the faculty's refused to Conduct classes was
broken up by the soon Squad, a subcommittee of
the FTS. A subsequent faculty demonstration, pro<
testing against students who wanted to come or
classes, was displayed by the SPG (Student Peace
Group). The tribal chief, still convinced of the POWER 0F REASON. submitted a better protest to both
sides against interference with the right of lawful
assembly. The FTS and see countries by selling
him to the front zoo.
The last voice of reason in the student body
having been carter away. streaming in a cage, the
merchants took complete control of the AST. shall
first move was to sense all of the slingshots and
polished coconut tasks which believed to the dallas—
local sciences department.
Thus armed, they matched en cause in the direction of the faculty compound, some five hundred
yards northwest of the campus. The Truth Squad,
however, was not caught mapping. coming the faculty did1 clubs and rocks, they began a planning movement, hoping to catch the students by surprise before they reached the compound. An advanced guard
of the AST discovered this move, and the students
spread out in order to counter it. Their strategy having failed, the faculty resolved to face the students
are to are. As the two dark lines of grid-acid
promotes approaches each other, lit only by a few
coaches, one young are bumper forward from the
student lines and tried to both sides, “faith What
are we doing? This is an encountered academic
community, not the singles Aren't we formatting its
» real purpose?”
“YES I” threaded both sides,
announcement exercises were indefinitely contained that year.
 
Rochester's New Open forms:
Doors Closed for Quiet Hours
.tlie url is in the room the door
The Grinneli Committee: g
 
By Sara key
The University of Rochester
is inaugurating a new system
of open forms, to be held six
days a week, 1 to 11 p. in No
alcohol may be served, every
man bringing a girl to his
room must sign in, and while
must be closed! The closeddoor rule, the Campus Times
said, is “to preserve the concept
of quiet hours."
One hundred Antioch College
students picketed the Federal
Building in Dayton, Ohio, last
week to protest American involvement in diet Nam. nations
line the same sidewalks was a
Late News
permits Ludwig, vice president
of the college, announced yesterday that the decision has been
made to install locks on the room
doors in the Women's residence
calls.
The decision was made following a recommendation by Jean
Slocum, dean of women, that the
locks be installed. Ludwig said that
the matter had been under adjustment for some time.
He explained that the purchase
and installation of the locks cannon be completed by the end of
this school year, hill said that the.
work will be done before the start:
of school in the tall.
(Ed. note: During the AWS
formal dinner Monday night,
over $40 was stolen from several rooms on the first floor of
 
Cleveland hall.)
lgroup of fifty counter tickets,
including human refugees, University of Dayton studies, and
members of Dayton arts John
march SOClety and Young Americans for Freedom. The corn»
ierpickets were organized, a
U. D, student said, after Dayton rock-andrroll radio stations
broadcast word of the depending demonstration by Antiochians. They met the Antioch
demonstration With catrcalis,
thrown eggs, and placards dc»
landing “Investigate Antioch
College."
Stephens College and Central
terrorist College have intro
dated a new experimental English course titled “Contemporary Life as Viewed by American Authors,” Students read
outstanding c o n t e m poetry
American literature and then,
by means of amplifier telephone hook-up, hear actual
lectures by the authors. Stephr
end Central, and four other
sources liberal arts colleges
established the program with a
$29,000 grant from the Ford
Foundation.
Playboy’s union Mount addressed three hundred Smith
College students on “Th e
Changing totals” as they apply to the college scene. Mount
spent Friday afternoon on
Smith campus, where he tried
to make dates with three girls.
All refused. Contrary to his
original plans, however, Mount
decided to spend the rest of the
weekend at Smith,
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell. lawn
a weekly newspaper published each Friday or the college year by the Grinncll Committee on Student niibiica
lions. Represented for national amemsmg by National Ad-
‘Crtiblng Set
Inc, college Publishers kept antique,
ls East join sr et New York 22
age paid at 5 much,
N. it. Second
postlown. subscription rat:
.0 per
school your. 1500 paid subscriptions.
EDITOR ,
queries MANkcrn
ASSUCIAI‘E EDITORS
FEA’lURE EDITOR
scores EDITOR
new PHOTOGRAPHER
EXCHANGE rulrok
SI’ECIAL ASSISTANT To THE EDITOR '
CIRCULATION MANAGER
nbvoix'rrus
run Clay Anne Fnrr
. .vohu \void
Harold union
no. Sue rhymi-
“'uyuc stanley
state ciiscy
still nnrrmbn
runs say
’urcn Anlrinson
w chrysler Molirnun
lcd ali- diy, Doug according,
term-l forward, James nrrzcg, Alan Arilrod.
olcu hsiuu’on, Kris cash, Jelliellc n ll,
Connie snuou, Don disney, Sharon Sheu r or
John Phillips, store insider, Henry u
Sue Barmlisi, Carol J
sen, Ellen \V
Aim simbnsan iiriru Hoi mu, Amy no
ltruou seminars,’ Donna K0
iL‘n can. burns.
.quick until, rentals victorian, bunny inner
Dick lovely Nick Nor s,
unni nil
ul irish
sin. in Will
 
 
Friday. March 25. ms
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
'tools Back In Anger' Competent,
Kurascli Says in Review of Play
By Don scratch
This week's performance of
John Osbome’s “Look Back In
Anger” was accurately dramatic,
occasionally continuing, but a
had choice of plays to present. The
three actors and two addresses in
this Donahoerdirected drama were
always at least competent, and
occasionally rendered on th e
excellent.
The play was obviously directed
toward an English audience. as it
dealt with certain integrating con-
ﬂacts regarding class consciousnessr The plot resolved around
Jimmy Porter, 3 man from the
lower Classes, an educated man
who married into a higher class,
yet who feels more comfortable
in the presence of Cliff, a close
friend of his Own social strange.
A rather complete knowledge of
English society and education
would have been necessary to appreciate the impact of this par.
similar play.
Mike arrow played Jimmy. arrow’s difficult task was to portion 3. artistic, frustrated. angry
young man without nursing his
audience to the effect of his constant, often drove~like incentive.
This he accomplished through his
actions, as when he was playing
his little games with Cliff, when
climbing various pieces of fuji-
DISCOUNT CENTER
 
sure, or when walking into the
area of the audience to state
through an imaginary window.
Though occasionally the staying of
his optics was too obvious, the
overall effect of maintaining the
audience's attention was achieved.
“Lovely" was Lucia manner’s
nickname in the play, and as Jim<
my’s wife she was indeed that.
The attractive actress had merely
to be there in the presence of
Jimmy's illustration to smoke the
audience’s sympathy. And in the
first act, with her often-weak deliverance of lines and complicated
outbursts, this was the only basis
for that sympathy.
A slightly stronger version of
Lovely was evident in the second
act Miss manner's return to the
scene of her best friend embrac—
ing her spouse was powerful, and
the climactic follow-up, when she
created in english into the arms
of her husband, was the highlight
both of the play and or Miss manner‘s own importance.
web christine‘s portraits of
Helena was adequate, though she
never quite proved to be the
“bitch" Jimmy called her before
her arrival. To act consistently as
one capable ot controlling the
separation and reunion of Jimmy
and madison, 115 she did, a slightly
5 t r o n g e r characterization was
called for.
As the third corner of an unusual triangle, Max Helfgott, in
the role of CH“, did a good job.
Though he occasionally tell prev
to such slow scenes, as when he
bandaged madison's arm and was
nearly impossible to hear, Helfgott
convinced the audience of his
 
For All Your
PASTRY NEEDS
I
n... (humans.
DANISH MAID
 
equal concern for both of the main
characters.
Gray hair wash't quite enough
to produce a continuing colored
western. madison’s father, played
by Dick benchmark. benchmark’s
voice was too young and greatly,
though his slow movements and
formerly concern rendered on the
vulnerable.
bag. Three
“Look Back In Anger” was a
bad play to do, but a good one to
do in Arena Theatre The set and
lighting were simple, but apropos
to the start, simple reality of Osborne’s play. It was a play, not
so much of plot, but of ideas and
characterization — and at least in
terms of characterization. the actors and addresses did pull it off.
 
ARHVANO'S
PIZZA
chicken — sandwiches — pizza
FREE DELIVERY
5:30 -
1:00
Guaranteed the hottest delivering in
town by our all new warming equipment
IE 6-6222 —— IN THE IOWLADROME
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL I
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
lirinnell, Iowa
STORE
HOURS:
9 mini to 9 pink. Friday
9 «.m. to 8 pm. Mon.. Tues..
Wed.. hours, Sat.
TRICOLENE
The Royalty oi Wash 2; Wear Fabrics
Permanent Stays, center diffs. Contour Body
NEVERNEEDS IRONING
$357
s "iii/{Iii
GROOM & CLEAN
HAIR DRESSING
is. aids ,, 47¢
SESAME CHIPS
and
SESA ME STICKS
3% Value. ..
TENNIS RACKETS
$141 u
4.78 value .....
plus
tax
33¢
TENNIS BALLS
3 n. $1”
52" SPECIALS
For This Weekend
JUST WONDERFUL I'IAIR SPRAY
l 09 value ....52: plus tax
RIIiI'IT GUARD OEODORANT
I. 00 value . ..52¢ plus tax
,——_———
AQIIA NET HAIR SPRAY
We value ..52c plus tax
__——————-
AQUA NET SHAMPOO
We value 5.2: plus tax
____—.————-—
AQUA NET GRENIE RINSE
We value 52‘ plus tax
_————————
LISTERINE
We value
-52c
_—_—————-
AQIIA VELVA AFTER SHAVE
----- 52¢
98: value _
PLANTERS
MIXED NUTS
,. 87¢
lol-ox. tin
ALLADINE
12-01. Plastic Glass
29: value
Gibson’s price
BUFFERIN
Aspirin low‘r
L29 value ._
K EENEX
zoo 2-pay discuss ,. . . .
BATH
TOWELS
.I7¢
.. 88" ;
 
I.” Put
i SCARLET AND MACK
grill .angle 16. I!" ,
 
>6 charles Fever >6 7
By Steve money
The Pioneer basketball team finished in a tie for last place in
the Midwest conference with plymouth this year with o poor 513
conference record~7-15 overall—despite a block of new scoring records
by Jeff grants and the team as a whole.
The most interesting record is the 7M field goals the Pioneers
made to beat the record Df 703 set by last year's team, which had a 1210 record. What happened? This year’s team gave tip 739 field goals and
was outrebounded 994-357 while last year’s team outscored its op.
parents and set a responding record oi1,184.
The most points scored by a Gl'innell opponent until this year
was 102 by brake, which is a member of one of the toughest basket-,
ball conferences in the country, This year two teams beat that record'
and three others came very close. They were 99 by boston, 100 by’
joe, 101 by Knox, 107 by Beloit again, and 108 by simon. ‘
Lack of height docs liui‘L responding and defense, of course, but'
lriany small teams make up for that efficiency wuh a scripts and,
delicious defense that forces the opponents to take poor and married‘
shots. This keeps the Opponents off balance and allows the defensive
team to grill: rebounds more on y.
young it) so some teams run very triple pda
i learned in .i h school against the tier
Pfltsr‘h yuliairly miiiHormnn, tori“
_ other it . . looking ice sonic why to.
finder tile opponent scoring. It seemed that a disproportionate number in teams had l‘.0l ll‘ghls against the Pioneers.
Of tlic three teams that tied for first place (Cox’tlcll, St. Olaf, and
simon), Olaf Emil simon finished first and second ill the league in
team defense, cornell had such a powerful shot'lllg und responding
corps, led by Jack Grams and Rich classes‘, that they could black‘
off a little on defense, but they were still sixth iii the league, I
where were the Pioneers in league defense? Buried in last place
75.6 points a game behind plymouth, 10.1 points behind council. and
a shopping 15.7 and 16A points a game behind cDrCliamplons simon anal
St. Olaf.
We also find that Olaf and simon are in seventh and rights respectively in team offense. The Pioneers were way up in third place,
behind only Beloit and Cornell.
The big question for next year's team is not whether they can
Score —- for [liEy have already shown this ability, and four of the
five top showers from this year are returning ~ but whether the team
c'an develop a consistently stronger defense and add to it some tough
rebounders to help Jeff grants, who was the only Pioneer at all effective
on the boards. If this happens, Grinnell will be a respected power
in the league and could battle for the conference crown.
Job Opportunities
college Students!
Looking For Vacation
Employment?
Dude watches, mountain Re»
ports and Hotels, For inf, write
Rocky Mm. PO Box 87.
learned. web.
Send Sell started Envelope
success Opportunities _——
EXCLUSIVE FRANCHISE Step Up TO
housing new liquid plastic coating
used on all types oi rurireer interior
or exterior, Elimiurier rating when
applied an Asphalt Tile, Vinyl, Liiiob
sum, Vinyl Athexios, Hard Wood, and
Furniture. completely oliminuler painting when applied to Wood. Metal or
concrete surfaces, Tlilr rh is elm
recommended for boots and interview
files.
NO COMPETITION
Ar lliese are exclusive circular in
demand by all businesses, desire and
homes. No lranehir. let Minimum investment a 5300. Maximum insert.
ment — $7,000. lnvexlmeM is secured
by inveninryr gallery cruises persimriel will help red up your buxinux,
 
Headquarters for
JD‘S RESTAURANT
F r let. :1 t 'l d decor' l'v
o comp E a” I" ”7‘ a operated—in. 9221/, Main. Grlnlxell
[trial-mi write:
CHEM-PLASTICS Ir PAINT CORP,
1818 robust St. Louis 3. Mo.
Make your car feel like new
With a Tune-Up
 
 
STANDARD
SERVICE
‘ see.
Race Talk
(Continued from Pagl 1)
rights legislation. As Gilmour ex-
Trackslers lose ’
Final 5” Dual 55:52? i‘;i;;:h‘:i:i:li.”i;i;‘::
The crime" track mm m Al bingo oraJim Clark to get vol-
asked its indoor season with two i “‘8 Eq“alloy_193i51aﬂ°n Passw-
meets at SCI. 0“ Saturday met Therefore in the conﬂict, con»
Pioneers finished third in the iowa immatwn- ““55““5- c"ml’mouse
indoor conference meet and on sequence. the role of the student
Tuesday the variety and trash l? m 5‘" “P “‘5 large‘ing 5"”
but 105, w set m dual meets. tion, the configuration — someone
else can compromise later. On the
In the iowa meet only two rest
.oh n u lay teams were able to win Ital" ‘er “a d’ ”me “’1‘“ 35k “7‘
(irinnell. The 24-1211) relay team of a” “’ "°“““g “sunny g3“ “°”"
p _. mg.” The critical solution? “A ,
:2?”llﬁllc’éniagaraéfl‘gk 5‘3": i for the full long, be ready to settle;
the erlap quarter oi grill!call,“:::[Eilgmgleitmi‘sep 0" ”55mg
Putteison, Mike Down and her‘ ’ '
basic faced the hold. The sprint , .
i-clay team ol Tepnslre Chip delhi YD Iniemsmp
Dc'l"tt and Erin ll players
tour . > Dewitt ul sealed in
ii .n handles "S inc placed second in the 5t (1 high and him
in ii: 5 ya lo llul B05
Dyer with u :curtis n. the out and
ci-innell Young Democrats may
‘now reply for a summer portugal‘
internship with the Democratic
".global Collimitlee All a (l of1
DO Will be II‘r’IIlE‘ [01‘ 10 Vice 5 0f
l'ill'lt t summer.
make plans now for that
special day.
* Featuring a complete line of
towns and deals for bride and
unendams.
y'r denial server Linens, silver
and other equipment for your
reception.
pr infrared invitations.
E15. listing Fl
I703 Manor Drive
Phone 2313744“? after 5 RM.
Registered Wedding
Consulmnl’
‘ La
53
 
Tom Wood with a third in the igh,
iunip completed the Pioneer scor-‘
ing.
The Pioneers with 31.; points flnr
lSlIetl behind SCI with 97/2 and
Luther wnh 44 ,.
The Pioneers dropped their dual‘
meet all SCI 101-21.
Grinnell granted only two host
places. John TcPaske took both
Grinnell victorian, the 440 and the
580, Mike meant took seconds in
the 60-yard dash and the forward
high handles as did piece print
nail in the son. A pair of things
by Bob Dyer in the 1000 and Dave
Synhorst in the high jump com.
posted the Pioneer scoring.
The irosli lost to SCI 7447. Bob
Grant and John charge were
double winners with Mike Schwartz
and Kent Thomson adding the
other trash victorian. Schwartz al—
so granted a second and a third
while Grant added a third. Others
seconds were taken by Jim Ceap
url and Doug gray. shirts went
Appl allow for the internship,
sponsored by the Young Demo
lcd’oil Clubs of America, is constructed to YD members who are
ljlllllut‘s and seniors. Applicants
Will be pldgcd on the basis of
g adds and political activity.
The deadline for applications is
April 1.0. Further information on
line program may be obtained
from c. bolivia Gllmour (political
i science),
1 “WE AWAIT CHANGES in
‘ the Party-line press now
, that Generalissimo france
' has moved to broader
Spain’s relations with the .
Soviet blog countries: can
a dirty fastest pig webmaster get on u tie. caPY st "in
mm H: et ua.
religion?" norm REVIEW, win.
In orpi. ciao, iso :.
u on, N. v. 16, N. v,
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the PostolficGRINNELL. IOWA
 
to Tom Russell, and Rick MacDowell, and Spencer Clark. The
eight-lap relay team or charge,
Dick Lamb, Thomson and Mac»
powell also placed second.
Washington Semester
Current sophomores who are
interested in the Washington
Semester program should coin
fact James pages (political
science) before April 16. For
further information see pages.
 
 
a variety
of daughters
and cookies
 
From
.t DENO'S
Don't forget those SUBMARINES
on Mon. and Wed. file —- 9-12 p.m.
FREE DELIVERY
 
cotton’s
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in 0111- Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
 
