South Campus Doors Need locks.
Senators Proclaim In Resolution
By brunette Mall
The following resolution was
unanimously adopted at the
Student Senate meeting Wednesday night:
WHEREAS it is the right of a
student to be secure in her
person, room, and discussions (page 43, Student
Handbook), and
WHEREAS students are responsible for their own personal property. . . and the
college is not responsible
for loss, theft, or damage
to such property arising
from any cause (page so,
Grinnell College Bulletin),
and
WHEREAS doors locked when
a person is absent from her
room would not destroy the
consensus student attitude
within the quadrangle but
would rather prevent an atmosphere of nutrition, and
WHEREAS women students are
not at present allowed to
assume the responsibility of
personal protection if they
so desire, and
WHEREAS the theft rate in
the women’s quadrangle
has increased nationally
“Be it resolved that the Student Senate feels it is the re—
sponsibility of Grinnell College
to provide its women students
with a means of protecting their
personal property by installing
locks on room doors in the
quadrangle,"
Another resolution concerned
with the SGA election date was
adopted. “Resolved: That AF
 
title 11, Sec. D, (1) (a) of the
SGA Constitution shall not prevent the election of the SGA
President from being held on
March 15, 1965."
The son constitution states
that the SGA election shall be
held in the second semester no
later than three weeks before
spring break,
In other business, AWS President Judy request reported
that the proposed change in
room drawings for women’s
forms was overwhelmingly detected in house meetings last
week, The change had been suggested by Dean of Women Jean
Slocum.
Members of the election com<
mission, which is in charge fo
circulation procedures for the
SGA convention and election,
were announced, They include
Nancy Cox, chairman, Gerald
forward, Karen Lauterbach,
Ellen general'lg, Jim harrison,
and Phil Johnson.
signs Hansen, manager of
the book cool, stated that the
Venture nested 3100. Half of the
money will be kept as capital
for running the COop next semester.
Nina Simone Concert
Nina Simone and her trio
will appear in party symposium Saturday, Feb. 27, at
3:00 pm Activity tickets will
be required for assistance.
This will be the concert of
Women's Weekend.
 
Is Religion Going to Church? Variety
Of Answers Offered by nominations
relevance of contemporary re-
By Connie Simon
A panel of five senior seminars students, visiting Grinnell
last weekend under the sponsorship of the Board of Religion interfaces Committee, spoke
informally Sunday night in the
South Lounge comfortable
filled with students.
The panel centered their
thought around the announced
topic, “ls Religion going to
Church?" Members included
iran Myska (Bethel theoretical seminars, St, Paul); oil»
liam Brown (University of
Chicago Divinity School); Miss
martha Eby (Chicago theoretical seminars): Larry prefer
(United theoretical seminars
of the Twin Cities); and Neil
Housewright (Vanderbilt Un
version Divinity School),
Viewpoints presented ranked
from support oi the Church as
an institution to a considerable
more liberal point of view. All
members of the panel, however, expressed a belief in the
church, in some form, as being requiring for religion,
Representing the conservative point of view was Brown
who based his support of the
church upon its connection with
Christianity, which he spoke of
as being “distinguished from
and preference to “mere religion."
0n the other h'and Housewright francis questioned “the
 
various institutions," His en<
thusiasm for the church spring
not from its traditionally
archived functions, he said, but
rather from his recognition of
the church of today as “a great
orealtlve force" and the source
of “much social action." House—
wright cited the mounting of
colleges and the purchasing of
the civil rights movement as
9mm
Oldest Colieg! Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
 
examples of the church’s action.
Vol. LXXII
Grinnell. Iowa. Friday. February I7. I965
 
sterling Major Problem In Quad;
Numerous Cases weighted Concern
By Sue Taylor
Several cheats in the women‘s
directories last week have
brought the problem of sterling
to the forefront of campus con<
corn. The calculation within
and without the quadrangle as
to the sources of and answers
to the problem has increased.
See editorial on page 2
That ‘thievery has been a
little more president this
year than last,” was confirmed
by Mrs. Marjorie G. savings,
assistant in the quadrangle office, to whom all reports of
sterling are submitted,
However, Jean M. Slocum,
dean of women, said many
‘A’ * ‘k
cheats occur which the office
never leaves about.
Most often it is money that
is stolen, These cheats usually
have occurred around the quadrangle dining room and in std-‘
cents‘ rooms.
Mrs. savings pointed out that
sterling was particularly heavy
just before Christmas vacation.
Another heavy wave of sterling
has occurred within the last
three weeks.
On Dec. 9, Miss Slocum sent
a memo to all women students
warning “that money and
nurses cannon and should not
be left unattended," and trying
particular caution. She also
announced that arrangements
had been made with Saga officials for women to carry
‘k ‘k *
Grinnell cross Withdraws From School
In Connection With sterling Incident
A Grinnell freshman has
been found responsible for new
oral break-ins and cheats on
south campus last week and
has withdrawn from school for
medical reasons, according to
Dean of Men 5. Eugene Thompson.
Thompson and the local police brought the case to a conclusion last Saturday night after the student was recognized
from a description provided by
his last Victim.
The two known break-ins occurred on the earnings of
Wednesday and Friday, Feb. 10
and l2. Both occurred in Read
hall, where the student gained
entrance through uploaded win-
9H
ricrunsn DURING . panel direction an on. topic "1. no.
region Going to Church7" in the South Lounge Sunday night
are primary xiudontl who spent three day: in midenc. ar
Grinnell. Lm to right are Jim Hoibrook. '55, nudenr moderator; Bill Brown; martha Eby; Larry Bremor; and France:
.MY'S‘
 
does along the logged roof on
the second story. From there he
walked up to the third floor.
Several articles of cloth'mg
were taken during the first entrance; these were later found
porn and discussed near Cowles
hall.
In the second breasts, the
student was surprised by his
victim and located by jumping
from the third story window to
the logged roof and then to the
ground, Nothing was taken in
the second break-in.
Student ‘on Ride’
Ends in Suspension
A West morris junior has
been suspended for three
weeks for taking and using
John karma’s (sociology) automobile without the professor's
permission.
The car was taken from in
front of karma's home on
month Avenue late at night on
Thursday, Feb. 11.
Dean of Men 5. Eugene
Thompson said that the student had been drinking but was
not anticipated.
The student was represented
when the car value‘d because of
a mechanical failure and a
Grinnell police car on patrol
stopped to see if .help was
needed, There had been no report of a stolen car, and the police had merely stopped to help
what they thought was a car
stuck in the snow.
The student was alone when
represented. No charges were
filed or pressed by karma.
 
their nurses into the quad dining room, a practice which had
previously been a rule violation.
During the first twelve day:
of February, according to Mu,
savings, about $150 was stolen
in 17 different cases. The great
majority of these 17 cheats were
money, she said.
Valuable books, jewelry, records, perfume, and clothing
have also been taken from
rooms.
Main hall and Read hall have
been harvest hit in the cheats.
However, no hall in the quadrangle has been entirely free
of sterling, The president of
one hall knew of only two
cases of sterling (both money
in the range of 310-15) in her
hall, while the president of another hall reported only three
cases, all cheats of money.
On a single night following
comprehensive exams, two
sims of money were taken
from one room in Main hall,
and a second room on a different floor was filled but nothing
was stolen,
One basement room had $10
and $15 stolen from it on sept
state nights in the same week.
In both instances, the money
was hidden in drivers under
clothes or cosmetics,
In another basement, four
rooms were rubber the same
night during interim, but the
total amount of money taken
was small,
Other cheats range from
framed pictures to nurses containing such things as glasses,
keys, and identification.
One purse which was taken
contained $35 cash, as well as
other valuable items such as a
pen and glasses. Recently, several nurses containing around
$20 cash have been taken from
Main lounge.
The library has also been the
scene of several cheats, ranging from cash Values of $.25 to
$26.
A check was made with Pete
Read CofHP president, and S.
Eugene Thompson, Dean of
Men, both of whom said that
sterling has not been a party<
STEALING—
(Continued on Page it)
ADDRESS HERE:
sﬁanal nauupn
winners}; cnqnd
i
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, February I9, was
 
charles' and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grlnuell. lawn
A weekly newspaper published each Friday of the c i
icgc year by the princeﬂ committee on Student Publl
trials. Represented for national advertising by National Advcnising Service, inc, College Publishers Representative,
18 rain 50m gui-cl, New York 22, MY. section class postage paid if Grlnrlell, Iowa, subscription mm $5.00 per
school year. has: paid subscriptions.
John wnir
nmld jason
not nuclei-he, Sue taylor
Wayne Stengel
piece click
Tom Hurlnian
Assocmre EDXTORS
FEATURE EDITOR . . ,
SPORTS EDITOR ,. . .
new PHOTOGRAPHER
EXCHANGE EDITOR ,, Sm hey
cincuumoN MANAGER nnuicr ivivhmuu
Par-I Clay, Anne career, nick Chilly, Doug Meanrmuc,
. curtis forward, James Herzog, Alan Axelrod
clear Ashmon, Kris Nasli, Jcauuuc Man, Connie si ,
karen niiimm, Simon Sncumaker
. Mlke herein, John phillips, Steve thunder
Sue Bamulst, Carol lenses, E|len Werllick.
Ami Simonsen, n nnlscinw, nniy Rossmnll,
karen numbers, Donna Kolllairie Car“ human, venice sail
SPORTS nzronrens Dick nav i Nick found. rnui Trig:
BUSINESS sure . ., . Mliui Mada”, Susi" Win
xerox'asus
PHOTOGRAPHERS
COPY srnrr
Locks for Women's Doors
Following last week’s quad break-ins and the revelation
that there had been 17 cheats in the first 12 days of February
in the quad, the 5&8 began searching for answers to why the
quad is so vulnerable to such incidents and what was going to
be done to believe the problem.
We learned that in an effort to discounted entry along the
logged roof, Buildings and Grounds is considering a temporary
proposal for lighting the logged area more thoroughly. According to Evan garden, director of the physical plant, “lights
are the first step to peter anyone cooling around over there.”
We had considerable less luck in finding out what
measures were being taken to protect the quad from internal
thievery.
We found that at one time all doors in the residence calls
had locks, but that they were removed in the 19405 with the
initiative of an “honors system.” It was later realized that
north campus was particularly vulnerable to outside break-ins
because of its open logged, so locks were gradually installed in
the men’s calls about six years ago. Supposedly, no locks were
installed on south campus because of the protection of its
locked logged.
The situation has remained the same until the present,
but ' cent incidents point out that the quad inn’t as safe from
sterling as had been thought. The question of locks for rooms
in the quad has again presented itself.
Vice President M ~ritt Ludwig, when interpreted this
week, knew of no specific reason for not having outside locks
on rooms in the women’s calls, but he did note that ‘the decision has never been made on the basis of cost." (garden anticipated that locks would cost from eight to ten dollars per
for.)
Dean of Women Jean M. Slocum had no comment to make
about locks other than that she knew of no present policy for
not having locks.
When questioned about the situation on north campus,
Dean of Men S. Eugene Thompson said that there has not been
much sterling in the men’s calls. Thompson also said that
about 250 men have checked out keys for their doors this year.
Acting President James H. Stauss said this week that he
was spyware of any great demand for locks, but he added,
“If the students, through student government agencies, wish
normalée requests concerning locks, they will be promptly con»
51 are ."
‘ The demand for locks has been voices. The AWS Board
issued a statement trying the installation of outside locks on
all room doors in the quad. The Student Senate has unanimously passed a resolution asking the college to provide locks
on room doors in the women’s calls.
Although installing locks might be a negative and “dishonorable” method of approaching the problem of sterling, it
nonetheless seems to be the only method that can cure the
situation.
it was pointed out during our interviews that sterling is
a problem even in colleges where doors have locks; but with
locks on the doors, women at least would have an effective
means of protecting their property when a cash of sunglasses
breaks out.
_ _ Nor sliouldrthe value fear that locks will create an “artificial cordless.” iii the quad be used as an excuse for not providing proper protection.
The S&BAjoins the AWS Board and the Student Senate
in trying speeds installation of locks on room doors on south
:ampus.
 
Gerald forward
surface lo the Coming War
For the fifth time in its history the United
States is going to war over a principle that
has no foundation in political reality, It is un<
derstandable and perhaps desirable in the Con—
text of the containment policy that the U.S.
should somewhere take a stand against the spending Communist advance. But the point
where the line is drawn should councils with
favorites geographical, political, and military
factors. South Vietnam, with its impenetrable
jungle and profile government, fulfills none of
these basic conditions.
The U,S. should have learned from the
French experience that Vietnam is impossible
to defend. Nationalist guerrillas, striking from
the cover of the population, cannon be detected
by conventional military strategy or superior
military force of numbers. Rather, the instruments of the population that projects the guerrillas must be turned against them. In this,
democraticcapiialisi appeal has been remarkable unsuccessful.
The character of our response to the Communist challenge has actually isolated our own
purposes. By opposite liberal ideas With directories, lightning governments, like that of
Diem, we have enhanced the Communist appeal. One workers whether support of more
liberal governments might have been a more
effective strategy.
By going into Vietnam when the national
government broke down, U.S. policy further
damaged its theoretical appeal by putting
us in a colonial role. At the present time
We control the foreign, military, and economic
policy of Vietnam, if not the government itself.
This has played right into the hands at the
carry—over anti-colonialist statement and die
Communist propaganda attack,
The nature of the Vietnam war further no
cents our homeless position there. Finally receiving we could not defeat the diet long guerrillas in ﬁle south. we have carried the war to
the north with repeated air Strikes. At first
glance this policy may seem reasonable since
our greatest strength is in the air power often
seventh fleet rather than ground forces. How—
ever, we must realize that by expanding the
war in this way, we are visiting reservation by
the columnists using their major strength in
land forces. This could be in the form of a mas-
site invasion of South Vietnam by combined
North Vietnamese and Chinese troops.
We cannon discount the vital interest of
China in the security of North Vietnam. To this
point they have given only indirect assistance
to the diet long, but should U.S. attacks on
the north continue, we can expect them to play
an expanding role. The United States would
not moderate human attacks on Nicaragua even
though we have used that country as a base of
attack on Cuba. Similarly. we must not think
that China will stand by While we attack one of
its wondering countries.
The crucial factor that forecasts the coming
war is the nature of the U,S. commitment. Disregarding the fundamental strategy of always
leaving yourself and your enemy a face-saving
way out, we have essentially closed the door
behind us by staying our practice on victory
in Vietnam.
Thoughts of a associated seeﬂevent at this
point are industry. Our enemy will not go to the
conference table as long as he is winning in the
field and we will not associate from a position
of wellness. '
The Korean example bears out this point.
Negotiations were only possible when the military situation was stalemated, But such a solution is not possible in Vietnam, because the
conflict is not taking place in the Same element.
While we attack the North from the air, our
enemy attacks the South on the ground.
A footnote to this situation is the possibility
that recent defense pleased by Soviet Prime
Minisienifusygin could mean material and tech
local aid in air‘defense to North Vietnam.
This might seriously limit our effectiveness
in the air in addition to investing immediate Soviet interest in 5.13. Asian developments.
A further application of the Vietnam war is
its effect On the division in the Communist blog.
Although We will know more clearly after the
all party congress in March, there is reason in
believe that U.S. estimation of the war has win
en the Chinese and lesbians the common
ground needed to sorted, at least temporarily,
their basic theoretical differences.
in short, going to war (in South Vietnam)
over South Vietnam is not worth the cost, It is
a war we cannon win. If we are going to stand
up to the Communist advance, we should do it
at n time and place Where there are reasonable
chances of success.
Paul Roberts
Roberts Rules Of Disorder
One morning, when if was very dark and very
cold, i received a graphic little note in my calls
box from my editor. He wishes, it seemed, w
talk with me.
“Paul," he said when I arrived at his cluttered,
businesslike office. “Paul.” he said again, r9<
heating himself in a manner not uncommon in highranking executives. “l’ve been reading your col<
umn.” I was flattered. “But Paul,” he said carefully, “I'm worried about your column."
“Well, that makes two of us," i told him flippantly. “I’ve been carrying about this week’s column.
i thought I might do this little piece on dancing
and the way . . ."
He cut me off. “Paul, you just don’t seem to
grass the purpose of a column. Now what do you
think a column is for?"
He‘s an awful pedanr, full of a lot or silly questions like that. “Entertainment?" 1 ventures.
“No,“ he said wearing.
"Information?"
“No."
“miller?”
“You're selling closer."
“All rlglil, i give up. What's a column for?”
“Paul," he consequences, “It's for attack. You
must never let anything get in the way of your
main purpose, attack! Now take cpu-l's last col»
umn. Did you read it?"
"Oh, yes. I read eVEI‘ylllmg in ilie 5&8!"-
“Now he attacked something. Did you take careful note of the breasts of his congratulations, the
depth of his sacred? it had substance and point of
view and other good things a column should have.”
I was heritage. “Well , . ."
"Or, for example, take Lighthourne's column of
a few Weeks ago. The one where he attacked the
director of the Forum, Did you take note of the
various way he [are Into a defenseless woman who
obviously had nothing but police in her heart u»
cards college students? Didn’t you think it was
awfully closer and mature of him the Way he ripped
her apart? The Work of a true intellectual. Right?”
“Well, as a matter of fact . r ."
“That's what I want from you, I want viciousness, failed, timothy. narrow-wilderness, and a:—
romance like our other columnists. That's what I
expect from you. Now you go out and work on
that." And he went back to his more important
business.
Now as a genes‘alrtype rule I'm not various, careful, limited, narrow~linked. or arrogant, but an
order from me Top is an order from the Top and
who am I, a lower writer, to argue With the Top?
I spent some time looking for a topic that l
could approach wuh Viciousness, hatefulness, ef
asia. Well, like I said, normally I'm not local way
so I needed to select something that would make
my job easy.
i did.
1 think 1'” start writing about S.G.A.
 
Friday, February l9, P755
SCARLET AND ELACK
Page Three
 
C. A. carroll Calls for Effective City Government
To Meet Social, Economic Problems of New Age
By Glen Ashmon
Professor Gilmour called him
the “dean of city managers."
Professor Bradley called him
a “giant in the field of public
administration."
But he began his lecture Monday night in the South Lounge
by “cutting himself down to
size.”
C. A. carroll declared “The
Role of Government in the
New Age” involved a three‘
fold responsibility by local got-
a
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR c.
longest lecture in the South Lounge Monday night.
element. He maintained that
effective implementation of policy, sound financial planning.
and democratic e x a m p l e
formed the three elements with
which local government must
be concerned now and in the
future.
Efficient city government, in
carroll‘s opinion, centers
around housekeeping services
(Le, structural organization).
Effective city government emphasizes the social and economic problems with which 10cal government is controlled,
carroll held this effective government to be a portable alternative
forecast among the problems effective city government
must encounter is financial
planning. “Local government,”
carroll claimed, “is big business.” and he Cited the 314.5
billion combined budgets of lo-
WILLIAM F. BUCKLEY JR.
1N NATIONAL Review: "I put is
Mr. [Steve] Allen . wuk wto .
dynamic propose. and was [rateﬁed
to A." .n anmr which lit in. mpumiul'nn to publish. Namely, flu!
he would join m. in improving I
much-r club by our Sir-late: .r
comment .jul MI- nuoim [All i
(client in Red coin. which havreounrly found
out .n Atomic
bomb.”
liar . i... no, .0 MI
run-M lulu oi NA-
[KONAL nrvrrw, will.
to Dept. era, iso e
as at, N. i. la. N. v.
 
cal units in this country. These
expenditures, he pointed out,
ran $1 billion above income.
One of the reasons for this day»
icit, according to carroll, is
the fact that 45% of the tax dollar is extended on projects
which return only 6% of the
tax. Included in such projects
are urban renewal and local
welfare programs.
Who finances these services?
Will this source of income continue to support an expanding
A. carroll delivers his Sua-
local economy? is it fair to expeCt this source of income to
continue to carry the weight of
th e local economy? These
were the questions which carroll tried to answer and which
local government will encounter more and more.
The answer to the first ques—
tion is simple enough: it is the
property owner. carroll does
not believe, however, that
property taxes can meet the
cost of these expanding services nor does he believe they
ought to. He argued that local
services affect people, not
property. He feels, therefore,
that the tax burden should be
shipped from property to people,
i.e. to services extended to
people. This, he maintained,
can be done through sales
taxes and charges on servicesl
where such charges can be ap-
 
tried equally to all residents.
As examples, he referred to
charges applied to the water
system, g a r b a g e collection,
and, in some cases, recreation.
Federal and is a necessary
though resistant means oi financing expanding services as
carroll pointed out. carroll
further noted that increased
services to business areas and
downtown registration will not
only reverse the download
trend of income from those
areas, but is necessary for a
city’s own protection.
Another problem area with
which carroll said local government must content is social.
Included are such problem
areas as urban renewal, educa<
tion. and the mass transparent
tion problem. carroll maintained that the mass transportation problem is not being met
and will grow increasingly
acute. A partial answer he feels
is publication of expressions,
mass transportation systems,
and parking areas by local
government.
concerning his lecture, carroll emphasized the need of lo»
cal government to get its citizens interested in their someone
ment and concerned With its
welfare. According to carroll,
the local governmental system
is the foundation of democracy.
He restricted the long-standing
concept that if democracy is to
blowjob on a national level. its
presents must be practices at
home, i.e. at the local level.
His final advice to all citizens
was, “Acquaint yourself with
the power structure of your
community. If it: is good, support it; if it is bad, impose it."
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
PASTRIES
as you ll
ﬁonce/1'15,
DANISH MAID
From
ke them
Grinnell Prof AuthorsVolume
On Early seats transcripts
“seats at Work," a critical
study of William Butler seats'
pre-publication transcripts by
Curtis 8. Bradford (English)
will be published in June by
the Southern illinois driver<
site Press.
Publication or the 384-page
book will communicate the
centennial of the Irish poet’s
birth. He died in 1939.
Bradford has devoted most
of his similarly research to the
work or seats for 20 years and
has been actively researchers
the book since 1954. He did her
Search work in Ireland during
the 1554-55 academic year and
again in the summer of 1960,
and at Harvard University dui‘
ing the summary of 1958 and
1959.
Bradford's research included
combine through the vast but
nearly invisible collection of
working transcripts left by
seats and trading the development of poems, plays. and
prove from their beginnings to
finished form.
Vernon Sternberg, director of
the Southern Illinois University
Press, calls the book “an incredible work . . . the result of
a Herculean task of pollution
and hard labor by an extremely
dedicated and accurate texture
scholar."
Poym‘er's 4th Ave. sessions
"SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY"
Grinnell‘s Complete Style Shop for Women
STYLE 2641
 
A DELIGHTFUL
3-piece walking suit in an ultra-smart check pattern. ideas
for town or country in 70%
canon, 20% cotton, 10% silk.
All 3 pieces fully targets lined.
Tan c Ivory . Black & Ivory
5-17;
$45.00
 
tags Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Dig Out Your trusts Ray Gun:
Flash Gordon remains Strength
By Sara key
‘Big news is the Flash Gordon
I c vi v ai sleeping computer
across the country; it is accompanied by a run on Flash Gordon pictures and posters, and
has college film—rental organisations fighting to schedule m0<
pics from the Flash Gordon series.
Cinema '62 at the University
of Rochester, New York, is
Iponsoring a Flash Gordon
ﬁlm series, including Space
Soldiers and its sexual Space
soldiers’ Trip to Mars, in
which Flash and Doctor Zarkov battle to save the Earth
from king the retailers, rules oi the planet congo. The
weekly midnight “Festival of
Garbage” at Antioch College
will premier will'h Rocket Ship,
the classic which contains the
memorial line, “Save the hand-
Omer Will Direct
Grinnell AFROTC
The appointment of Major
Albert Omer as head of the de
partners of aerospace studies
at Grinnell has been announced.
The appointment will be effective in August.
As head of the department,
he will he in charge of the cold
ieee's Air Force ROTC pro
gray and hold the faculty rank
of professor of aerospace studies.
Major Omer, who has been
assigned to Grinnell as assistant professor of aerospace studies since June 1963, will sun»
need Lt. Col. Thomas J. other
as head of the department.
Lt. Col. other has headed
the department since June,
1962, and currently holds the
faculty rank of professor of
aerospace studies. Now completing work toward his master's degree in history at brake
University, he will be assigned
to another post by the Air
Force.
Major Omer was recently
promoted from the rank of cap»
rain.
some earth man for me, {other, for he is mine!"
This famous science~fiction
adventure series, starring master Crabbe in peroxide—blond
girls, originally in the early
1930’s. They were first presented in serial form at neighborhood movie theaters on Saturday afterwards.
A new experimental course
at Beloit College, the Underclass Common Course (UCC),
is now required of all entering
underclassmen. UCC consists
basically of freshman English
extended to three-term length
and referenced with the arts,
science, and religion. The Be»
suit Round Table writes, “That
undelrclassmen should like the
course—though not unanimously~is perhaps the street sign
of success. A fellow underclassman can always be recognized by the peculiar combination of books he carries: plate, Coriolanus, garden Two, and
Sartre. It simplified picture at
the Student Union."
Robert M. shelter, imperial
Wizard of the United plans of
America (Ku flux plan), in 3
Cleveland television interview,
called Antioch College a “massive center of communist in
Ohio.” In an earlier statement
issued in September, the
American region had called
{or Congressional investigation
of the college because “repeated opportunity” had been
given “known leaders of the
Communist party, U. s. A., to
propagandize students on the
Antioch College campus."
The winter quarter formal
social program at Antioch will
include ringerpaintlng parties
with points, papers, and background music furnished by An—
touch Community Government.
Saturday nights will feature
posts parties with candles and
“bring-your-own" poetry.
The ten schools in the Associated Colleges of the Midwest
are engaged in a program to
detroit faculty members and
graduation seniors for huntington College, Liberia, West Africa. Dr. Christian E. W. Baker, President of huntington, is
 
touring each of the ten schools
in the association to meet with
faculty members and interview
candidates for the program.
Three Antioch college seniors,
studying in Mexico under the
Antioch Education Abroad program, were arrested in Laredo,
Texas, when border inspection
found 43 ounces of marijuana
in the spare tire of their car.
The three, who have temporarily withdrawn from Antioch,
face possible underwear prison
terms on narrative squirting
charges.
Student those Says
Classes Too large
To the editors
After the initial shock of reducing classes subsided, I be—
came sally aware of the tremendous size of many of my
and other classes. I have been
substantially convinced of the
series of Grinnell-type instruction (with an outstanding 11:1
student-faculty ratio) which
could provide an intimate studentefaculty relationship. I have
yet to see it, With a rather normal schedule 1 find my classes
operating a celtic 43 students
per meeting—larger than most
high school sessions! in view
of the facts that (1) this is solely an undergraduate institution
and (2) there exists an apple
and partially untitled faculty,
I feel that the situation diminishes the value of the classroom meetings and that the
students deserve and desire a
closer exposure to our excel—
signal faculty. This opinion appears to prepaid among the student body, and we would welcome a faculty or administra»
tion comment.
Jon those
POLL ERROR
The 5&3 last week mistakenly reported that 552 people had
hilton the $513 interim poll.
The number should have read
652. Also, the final rally on
question one should have read
366-275.
 
YOU'LL
LOOK
SHARP
Friday, February ii, 195!
Administration, Faculty and Students
Have No Communication, wilson Says
To the Editor:
Cultural and intellectual life
has sponsored this year at
Grinnell. Classes, guest lectures, dramatic productions,
and concerts have all been
stimulating. There is an active
group social life; adult lead<
ership still generally displays
a moderate attitude toward our
affairs. Yet there is a your note
in the symphony. Something is
wrong.
Students are discussed or
placed on promotion with start
explanation. When a protest is
made at the increasing stringency of discipline, those in
authority reply, “Pretty soon
we start shooting people down."
The word gets out that if one
is “heat.” he had better before. Faculty, parents, and
alumni are reported to be trying more statement control, The
reader may say that this is
merely a mood in the air, un—
defined and hourly supported.
Yet this is the key to the problem. If some among us have
specific proposals to make, can
they not identify themselves
and speak out publicly, so their
ideas may be saturday and
reasonably discussed? This
open approach might be highly
construction and certainly less
confusion.
Admittedly, we as students
must take responsibility for
our many mistakes. I do not
believe we are committed to a
burdensome and realistic interpretation of all social rules,
 
but I know we are dedicated to
serve the end of those codes—
building a happy association
where relevant people respect
each other. ,
Where we have failed, our
freedoms have been lost. The
emergency in Langan Hall il
an example. We all must recall,
however, that student initiatives have not only been A
lifetime part of our way of life,
but may be found in the earliest
Western universities of the Middle Ages. The arbitrary authority of administrations is n
more recent innovation. in reporting our government
through the coming references, we will be continuing a
process which is no new had.
but is in various forms the
heritage of centuries.
The solution to our misunderstanding lies in the very
nature of the Grinnell experiment. We have grown by a
free use of reason and a relevant social miller. We will stagnate by the nostalgic opposition of stories middle class mobility. extensions, suggestions,
and promotions will miss the
mark. The youthful, operated,
and anticipated character of
Grinnell student society would
be quickly lost if its liberal
essence were removed. Open
dialogue on policy with certain
respect for our rights is essential for us to work harmoniously and creativity with the administration.
David wilson
 
VAL AIR BALLROOM
DES MOINES
over! Saturday starting 5a... Feb. 10th
"ROCK-N-CAMPUS" NITE
For the COLLEGE and YOUNG ADULT Crowd
Ad. I? and Our
Featuring the Bali in 'ROCK' Music
Adm. “.00 — Dancing 9 to [1:30
are" Up Rulu Will Apply
 
AHRVANO'S
(KP/1’? - [kIlN/Y - [Idiot/II
FRIED CHICKEN
Special/y
prepared in our
ﬁenny®Pcnzlyi
PHT dryer
t g ,
tit
Country fresh and specially selected orders, prepared and
msoned in our special spice mix, are tried to perception
. ' in only 3 minutes in our revolutionary KENNY terms
PHT dryer. Pressure deals in all the *
natural prices and ﬂavoid, assure n
delicious cross, country ﬂavorlui cordless such as you may never have enjoyed in nlcd chicken before. Try it.
We predict you’ll love its
AHRVANO'S
In the Bowlndrome
with clothes
For School or‘
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the bostonﬁu
GRINNELL. iOWA
cleaner oi
SWEDE'S
Laundry & Dry Cleaning
816 Commercial
IRE!
DELIVEIV
236-6072
 
 
 
1
Friday. February l7, ms
SCARLET AND BLACK‘
Couririghi: Village Builds ‘New Sense of signing'
Ed. Note: This is the second and final part of a report
from Paul Courtright, ’64,
who is serving as a Grinnell
Travel-Service Scholar at Ahmednagar College in India
this year.
In the village itself, new homes
are being constructed of steady
rock, relatively specials and having windows, replacing the haphazard, wilderness structures of
prostores cow lung and grass
rooms, filled with smoke from the
family cooking fire.
The labor is provided by the village people themselves, some ma-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
is losing out because of this trend?"
“1 don't mind so much that our
young are leaving the villages. I
know that these boys who are going to colleges and later sterling
in the cities will use their education to help us, either directly as
Government officers, or indirectly
in business or professional work
These young men who bizrate to
the city in search of jobs many
times have left their wives and
children, or brothers and sisters
behind and send money home to
support them. Our family ties are
very deep; they will not forget us”
One of the women brought some
tea. Indian tea is a mixture of
as '
AN INDIAN WOMAN hands a pan oi travel to a
act—worker on the Kolhewadi Road project'.
rentals such as sheet metal looking
is supplied by the government. By
this kind of activity, the village
people with their new houses put
together a new sense of density.
I talked with the until of the Vilv
logo of Kolhewadiu His name is
Bapuji changes Shelke, a man of
about 4550, a Maratha by waste,
and farmer by profession. The
lines in his face, his long mustache, beginning or grey at the
edges, his white turban manually tied on his head and having a
slight coat of red dust from the
fields, all showed him to be a man
used to hard work and concerned
about the settlement of the people
of his village. As he sat on his
launches against the wall of an
ancient Hindu temple in honor of
Lord china where we had located
the hot afternoon sun, he lit up a
cigarette and failed. His teeth
showed the red states of showing
‘pan,’ or connection of spaces and
hotel nut which leaves a mild narcotic effect.
First I asked him, "DO you be
leave the Government is trying to
improve your way of life?" He
thought for a moment, took are
other drag on his cigarette, and
answered, "I think the Government is there to help our villages
to increase production and raise
the living standard. Sometimes we
are disturbed when we hear of corruption and waste. Certainly some
of the rural development officers
are more interested in drawing
their salary and financing themselves than in helping us to improve things here. But generally I
believe the people in Delhi and the
local executives are trying to help
us. These things take time."
Then i asked, “Many young men
are leaving the villages to attend
college and later sterling in the
cities. Others move to urban areas
in search of more charitable employment. Do you think the Village
 
strong tea with milk and sugar
joined together. He posted the tea
into the cancer and financing it on
his finger tips, blowing on the
surface of the liquid to cool it,
fucked it noisily into his mouth
and swallowed.
“What do you think about the
population 'explosion’ in India today?"
“I am not worried about population extensions To my mind, me
most urgent problem is increasing
food production. When we can
raise our yield by better farming
methods and irrigation, then we
can feed and support many more
people, even than we have now.
All this talk about family planning
is not the answer. What we must
do is grow more food and im»
prove our land.”
in a couple of more months the
road connecting Kolhewadi with
the main road will be finished. The
vibrators have worked long hours
in the hot sun, earning 30c per
day during this black season while
they wait for the harvest of their
trains. These are hard times. The
food prices because of showtimes
have given 100% in three years. To
those people on consistency becomes, the pressure is intense. By
building the road they can earn
enough money to carry on until
harvest. The students have donated their labor as a feature of
faith in the villages growth.
The story of Koihewadi is not a
dramatic one, belt it is typical
enough of the job that has to be
done. No crash program from Delhi
can bring rural India out of its
backwardness. It Will be a slow
process, a village by village away»
using. it will take a great many
people willing to work at this
level, where there is no glory to be
gained.
And what does the experience at
Kolhewadi say about indian high
er education?
One of the many institutions india inherited from the British was
their educational systems The organization of education in India today is still primarily dramatically
and automatically oriented. The
curriculum. textbooks, selling, and
examinations are prescribed by a
committee of the university to
which a particular college is af—
finished. The individual professor
is alleged to follow these require
meets and prepare the student to
pass the midwest and final ex«
operations which Will determine
his academic standing with the
university.
The advantage of this system is,
of course, university. What is
taught and required across the
country is standardized. But this
university is purchased at a high
price. There is little imagination,
creativity, and resourcefulness re
quoted on the part or the processors
and less from the students. Research work, individual inquiry on
classified topics and intellectual
authority is rare.
The development of the Indian
economy requires minds and
based on sound intellectual thinking and personal experience in
specific situations. The Rural Life
Development and Research Project of Ahmendnagar College is attempting to bring these two never»
cities together for its students.
If a student is studying the organization and management of
rural corporations, he can work
with a cooperative being formed
among several villages for the
processing and marketing of planet oil. If another student is working on the dynamics of conflict between traditional and progressive
elements in village India, he can
take a nearby tribal village in the
first of decision economic and so—
dial change as a case study.
Page F' o
It is this activity of applying economics and sociology into an actual
situation involving real people,
their limitations, corporations, processes and failures, which makes
the Rural Life Project work stimulating.
This article has been an attempt
to give a climate into one small
faces of an Indian experience of the
phenomenon known as “economic
development." There are no
graphs, no statistics, no grand congratulations instead there are people whose lives are being changed,
people who are trying to adjust
from an ancient way of life to n
more prosperous, and inevitably
more undertake one.
 
 
implications with practical ideas
TASTY PASTRY SHOP
a variety
of daughters
and cookies
923 broad
 
HALLMARK
PARTY GOODS
— Only At running/cams
House Party
Special
CREPE PAPER
SHEETS 8r STREAMERS
25% OFF
birmingham Drug
Dial 6-3151
 
827 4th Ave. — Grinnell
 
Page Six
News
AWS Statement
The AWS Board announced
Monday that they unanimously support a proposal to
install key locks which can
be locked from the outside
only on all of the room doors
on South Campus.
physician Visits School
Beryl E. Clotfelter (physics)
visited number High School on
Monday, Feb. 15, under the
Iowa Visiting Scientist Program.
Clotfelter talked to classes.
met informally with students,
and concerned with science
teachers.
Eisenhower Visit
It is now almost certain that
eanresident weight Eisenhown
ed will visit Grinnell in May.
According to the latest communication between C. admin
Gilmour (political science) and
the President’s assistant, ROI}
art Schulz, “. . . the General
could posting visit Grinnell
May 13 or 14, or lifetime
during the week of May 17."
If health and events permit,
the President will follow the
usual format for political centuries. including a student
press conference, informal discussions and a speech.
 
Briefs
Seminar Changes
The computer seminar will
be split into two sections covering the same material. One
group will meet Tuesday, 4:155:15. The other group will meet
Wednesday 4:15-5:15. Contact
David explain (mathematics)
for further information.
Conduct Pro
At last Sunday’s CufHP meeting, Dean of Men 5. Eugene
Thompson announced that all
men on conduct promotion this
semester would be eligible for
all campus offices.
Thompson also said that he
alone decided whether to restrict people on conduct promotion and that so far he has not
.chosen to place any reserve-
tions on men on conduct pro.
The seriousness of conduct
pro, said Thompson, “depends
on What happens later.”
[ones effects
Don Jones (musiC) served as
guest director at the Northwest
Iowa floral Association’s fifth
annual concert in Cherokee Sat-‘
today 'get, Feb. 13.
Participating in the concert
as members of a passed chorus were 364 students from 91
Northwest Iowa schools.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February l9, ms
 
Civil Rights Group
Joins with SNCC
Grinnell's yearrold civil rights
group voted unanimously to
place its affiliation with the
Student Non-violent Coordinal»
ing Committee (SNCC) Tuesday in a meeting in ARI-I auditorium. At the same time, the
controversy of whether to join
the NAACP was decided in the
negative.
SNGC (pronounced ”stick”)
is an organization almost wholly oi students who are on vacations or taking computers off
to work for direct mass action
in the South. Since “direct action in iowa is impossible—
there is nothing to act upon,"
Jeff abraham, president of
Grinnell’s group, said that students here can help the civil
rights cause by contributions of
lime and labour
The NAACP. on the other
hand, bases its effectiveness on
legal action and recently has
Withdrawn from the Council of
generated 0 r g a n I z a t sons
(core), which emirates all
most every civil rights group in
the South. Dues in the NAACP
also require one-half of the
group’s membership fees, while
inc obligation is attached with
Ian affiliation with chi.
The coffee hour with James
watson, SNCC adViSor, at 3:00
p,m. on Friday, Feb. 26, was
moved from the Religious Activities Room to the South
Lounge.
 
 
t sterling Problem in Quad
(Continued from Page I)
color problem on north campus.
Read, saying that they “very
rarely have problems," added
that there is not as much interactive between the calls on
north campus, and thus 5
stranger is noticed more quick»
1y then on south campus. He:
also said that when something
happens, the men can always
lock their doors.
with regard to the sterling‘v
problem, several of the former’s house treatments said the
women students "importantly
believe that. it’s going on." One
house president said that the
girls in her hall ”don't feel
touched by it." ”People are
still treating in our mail,” said
another president.
While this attitude seems
president in the quad. one
president said that “people are
being more careful,” and an.
other noted a ”more realistic
attitude.”
Miss Slocum said that “any
sterling is a major problem,
but agreed that there is an increased awareness of the problem now. She emphasized that
“one of the greatest problems
in dealing with reported theft
is that people don’t report it
soon enough." Women should
report to their house president, head resident, and to the
quadrangle office as soon as a
theft is discovered.
 
Miss Slocum said that the
problem is once again being
studied, and added that she will
welcome suggestions.
A check of AWS Board min—
uses showed that sterling has
been a concern for the board
at seven at its regular meetings
this school year. A similar
check of last years' minutes
showed only one mention oi
sterling.
Eskimo Art Ex edition
‘Will Open Tomorrow
Eskimo Graphic Art, an ex.
position of so engravings, stone—
block and sealskin prints in
Color and black and White, Wlll
open in the Schaeffer Gallery
at the Fine Arts building tumor»
row. This exhibition is part of
the 1963 collection of Eskimo
graphic art from Cape forget,
a small isolated community on
Baffin Island in the Canadian
Arctic.
These prints give a valuable
insight into the customs and be«
links of the artists, and device:
subjects connected with their
lives,
MATH SPEAKER
Dr. truly w, Wall. professor of mathematics at the University of Iowa, gave a public
lecture on “The Group Concept" last Tuesday in the dec«
sure room of the science building.
 
GILLETTE STAINLESS
STEEL BLADES
49‘ Value 31‘
I. Downtown
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY BETA E. !
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Orinnell. Iowa
THE TOP FIVE HITS
In 45 RPM Records
STORE
HOURS:
9 mm. to 7 pan. Friday
9 mm. to 8 pan. Mon.. Tues.
Wed., TIIun.. Sat.
SOFT IQIIE BATH OIL
$1.25 main. 88‘
NEW HEAD & SHOULDERS
LOTION SHAMPOO
set Val... 52‘
FLANTERS MIXED NUTS
I3'/2 01. 81‘
PLANTERS GOOKTAIL PEANUTS
I3'/z oz. 61‘
TEK DELUX
ADULT TOOTH BRUSH
69: Value 29‘
$1.00
2. Name Game
Value
3. Tim Diamond Ring
4. King of the Road
19c
5. Loving Feeling
SHARI CANDIES
Choc. Star;
Peanut Clusters
tested Milk Balls
Bridge Mix
DRISTAN
24:
98: Value
39: Value
31‘
SUAVE
Hair Spray
99: Value
ARRID
Roll-0n Deodorant
sat val... 53‘
PEPSOIJENT RISE
15¢ Vein. 46‘ 19cm... 39‘
NORWICH ASPIRINS
1505
89: Value 29‘
NEW PINK
LUSTRE OREAM SHAMPOO
'29
$2.00 Value
 
Friday, February [9, H765
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
All?
By Paul bring
How [he Grinnell College basketball team could lose to St.
Olaf by 17 points and Carleton by 1|) points at Northfleld is a
real power indexed Losses to C02 5053 and Beloit 107-77 only
segment the diploma; and it is everyone' 5 hope of course,
that we will not be shown the answer when these two teams inside party arena this weekend.
The mystery of the Grinnell basketball team began with the
Cornell game, which seemed to prove all pre-season pessimists
wrong. However, any optimistic hopes were displayed just as
quickly with the two disastrous road trips to Northfield and
Cedar Rapids-Beloit,
Thus, last Friday night many students dropped over [0 party hoping they would not want to exit at half-time and head
for Lolita. (Word has it that one person did leave at the half,
but rather than going to the movie he went to the library.)
Instead of being britney, however, the Pioneers extended the
Oles to the suggest.
Again Saturday, thinking Friday night to be an act of God,
students matched back to the gym only to see their heroes root
Carleton 81-65 despite the efforts of a 6" 7" sophomore center
from (of all places!) Crosby—clinton, Minn. The obvious ques<
Lion asked by all was how did this apparent metamorphosis occur? The following is an amateur’s attempt at evaluating the
team and what happened last weekend.
In the past four years we have seen quite a variety of has
ketball player-types here. There has been a guard who could
shoot the eyes out of the basket, but played defense like one of
his feet was failed to the floor; a forward Who could also shoot
well, but tender to trouble the ball off his metatarsals rather
frequently; a center who could rebound and punk, but was not
quite range enough to study his foul shots; and a host of others.
These gentleman were obviously played for their strengths and
in suite of their businesses. BeCause of this, it was easy to become quite exasperated watching their businesses explained
by opposite teams.
This year’s team is somewhat different than these past
teams, however. There is hardly an outstanding shorter, passed
or remainder on the entire team, but they are a group of good
all-around basketball players who don't happen to have a man
over 6' 3” amongst them, Thus, they are forced to work hard
for every basket because they lack the physical strength and talent of most other teams. Last weekend this is precisely what
they did, marketing. driving, and generally out-handling their
opponents.
The encouraging aspect of this turn of events is that the
average Grinnell tan seems to appreciate the effort that is being
put forth by the team. One of the longest cheers or the weekend
occurred after Bob Watt's symbolic theft of the ball from the
hands of St. Olaf's very fine guard Eric Grimsrud.
At home this team is young, exuberant, and aggressive. One
possible explanation for the away games might be that the youth
turns to immaturity, the exuberance to disillusionment, and the
aggressiveness to facility. Without these ingredients in abun—
dance, the team cannon do battle with the detroit-infected square
in the rest of the conference (For the record, these last computational phrases are in just).
‘joe and was sponsored 107-77
Basketball. Three Other Contests
cluster Weekend
The biggest home weekend of
the winter season awards Grinnell teams, On fax are five contests, two each for the basketball and wrestling teams and
one for the swimming team.
BASKETBALL
Back on the winning trail af»
her losing five straight Midwest
Conference tiles, Coach John
deutsch‘s Pioneers will be tan-i
going with the clubs that handjob
them their two Worst setbacks
of the campaign.
Two weeks ago, Grinnell
dropped an 80-53 contest at
at Beloit. The 107 markers
changed up by the 13qu are the
most ever scored against Grinnell.
deutsch will stick with his reg
ular starting linear of forwards
Tom Hill and Ted sister,
center slide Smith, 'and guards
Jeff grants and Elliott Hibbs.
SWIMMING
Unbeaten in dual meet action,
Coach Irv Simone's swingers
Will be out to make Knox their
rights victim. T hi 5 will he
Grinnell's final tuneup for its
two big meets of the campaign
H a dual with interested Corr
hell on Feb. 27 and the Midwest
Conference meet on March 5-6.
Th e Pioneers upper their
string to seven last weekend by
breaking aside Carleton, 58-33,
and St. olai 6142. They copper
all 11 first pda Ce finished
against the Oles and nine of 11
against the girls.
Ray Langham captured the
60-yard lifestyle in both meets.
Ken sherman the 200»yard butterfly, john iraqi the zaoeyard
breaststroke, Tony norton the
200»yard backstroke, Chuck
cornell the 200-yard individual
wesley, Ralph Pray the 500yard lifestyle and Richard
Lance the diving competition
sherman powered his school
butterfly record to 2:101 in the
St. Olaf dual,
WRESTLING
The Pioneer matter, who
fell to Midwest small-college
powers Cornell and Western
Illinois and detected Beloitl
last weekend, will be facing an—l
 
Sports Calendar
other strong array of opponents Friday and Saturday.
plymouth was the runner-up
to Cornell in last year's Mid‘
west Conference meet, tests
mar has won 11 straight deals
and Simpson boards an earlier
20-18 victory over the Pioneers.‘
The charles and Black will
carry a 4-4 dual meet mark into the two weekend meets_l
Coach add powers Will use his?
regular linear:
Bill Barnes, 123- Ken Strubler,130; Cliff bowling, 137,
Mike Deatherage 147- Larry
Miller, 157; Many bingo, 177;
Bob seller, I91; and Morgan
Michel, lightweight, Grinnelll
will perfect at 157,
INDOOR TRACK
Grinnell will go into the
brake meet With only a minimum of practice. Because of
the cold and story weather,
practice has been limited to
running and calisthenics in the
symposium
Acting Coach Gene robert
has a 13- -man squad that one'
causes nine batteries i
l
The sets are paper John Te-l
waste, middle distance and,
broad jump; Rod Brown and
Paul batteries, distance; Mike
DeWitt and Jim Murtfeldt.
handles; John jersey, springer
and broad jump; .him Miller,l
shot put and dishes; Walt real,1
pole vault; and Tom Wood,
high jump.
mounting out the squad are
customers Bob Dyer, di
dance; Dave Synhorst. springs‘I
and broad jump; and Steve,
paintball and Dave Doty,l
middle distance.
The Pioneers are depending
3“”
APDAnEL
GRiNNELL
709 Main
chug. Au‘n. Welcome
OPEN FRI. NITES TlLL izun
 
nowlmoneysaver
Pepsi half charts
in a Ilamty
 
From
@ENQ 5
Don't forget those SUHMARINES
on Mon. and Wed.
FREE DELIVERY
Niie — 9—11 p.m.
travelers Win One
In Mac? at Cornell
variety wrestling in a quadrangular meet at Cornell Col—
legs last Saturday took on
Cornell, Western Illinois, and
Beloit,
Grinnell dropped the first two
contests by scores of 22-11 and
26713 before producing Beloit by
a score of 345, Beloit scoring
‘its only points by a perfect in
the l57 lb. category.
Bill Barnes at 123 lbs. and
Ken Strubler at 130 lbs. each
. started records of two pins and
a win. Cliff bowling at 137, um
lsuccessful in his first two
matches, came through in his
final match against Beloit by a
score of 3-1. Larry Miller took
two matches from Cornell and
Beloit, as did party bingo.
Morgan Michel lost his first one
counter. drew a bye against
Western Illinois and flattened
his opponent from Beloit.
Friday the variety {ages
plymouth ‘here. Saturday the
Grinnell team hosts a quadrangular with visiting teams
joe, Simpson and Westmar.
Midwest Conference charts,
but Will be hard pressed to re»
main their crown because of the
loss of such standards as middle
distance men Bruce Beckford
and Jeri Langham, springer
Ron Schachel, and high bumper Mike Fox. The three run»
news coupled on'Grinnell's loop
,winning mile and sprint med-
let teams.
' WHEREVER
.Musw
YOU GO!
HOHNER
WORLD FAMOUS
HARMONlCAS
HOHNER — he keyword the world
The most significant name in Harmonica enlerlallimenl presents these outstanding
instruments designed for everyone
to play and enjoy.
deeper's @
 
 
Page Eight
Roundballers Split Week End Bill;
Fall to Si. Olaf. Defeat Carleton
By Steve Casey
The Grinnell basketball team
split a pair of conference
games last weekend by losing
to St. Olaf 91‘s!) and shipping
Carleton 81-65. The Pioneers
came back on Saturday after
the tough Friday night overcome loss to play a great game
which broke a five-game conference losing stream.
The St. Olaf game was a real
tough affair, in which the score
was tied eleven times, Ted sister personally kept Grinnell
in the game for the first six
minutes by scoring the first
eleven Pioneer pointer
Later St Olaf took its biggest
lead of six points with two minutes left in the first half but
two consecutive baskets by Jeff
grants and single baskets by
Elliott Hibbs and Dick Ulrich
pushed Grinnell into the lead.
A basket right at the buffer,
after a steal by Jeff grants,
earned Grinnell at 47743 half<
time lead
The second half started with
a basket by Hibbs to give Grinnell its biggest lead of six
points. St, Olaf eventually tied
up the game, though, and the
second half was close thereafter. Two consecutive baskets by
Hibbs gave Grinnell 3 five«
point lead with only 4:30 remaining.
But St. Olaf replied and for
the first time in nine minutes
 
took the lead 80-79 with 1:30 left
in the game. Two free throws
by Hibbs with forty seconds remaining gave Grinnell its last
lead 81-80. After Eric Grimsrud
had tied the score for St. Olaf,
Jeff Nelson, the game's high
scores, made two free throws
with nine seconds left, When
Jeff grants came down and
twisted a twenty-five foot jump
shot with one second remaining, the game was sent into
overcome
In the overcome Grinnell was
never able to take the lead
Finally with the game tied,
Nelson won the game for the
01:35 91-89 with a jump shot
with three seconds left.
The junior forward Jeff Nelson led all showers with 32
points. Eric Grimsrud and
Dave sense, a couple of sharpshooting guards, added 21 and
19 points respectively. Jeff
grants again led the Pioneers
with 22 points while Elliott
Hibbs noticed 21.
As usual the Pioneers were
weak in responding. They could
only capture 26 rebounds which
St. Olaf’s two big forwards,
Dennis jason and Fred muscles
matched by themselves. The
Oles as a team brought down
49 rebounds. Grinnell was also
hurt at the foul line where it
could only sink 15 of 27 free
throws
Carleton
started its game
 
We Hollow print
ICE SKATES
P. —ASK THE HOCKEY PLAYERS
HARRY'S SPORT SHOP
 
.,
O,
red;
For All Your
SMOKING
SUPPLIES
muscle Down To The
' "VARSITY.
717 broad
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Swimmer’s Simone
Will Go on Leave
brain L, Simona (men’s
physical education) will spend
this summer, the first semester
of the 1965-66 academic year,
and the summer of 1966 in
Puerto Rico assistant with the
development of the territory’s
swimming program.
Simone, who has been
granted sabbatical leave during
the first semester of the academic year, will work with the
Puerto milan Swimming Association, Inc., an organization
which controls the territory’s
swimming program. He is the
first outrof-country coach the association has sought for long—
term assistance in improving
its program.
The Grinnellian will work at
both the coaching and organizational levels. He will coach
swingers of all ages and will
also work with coaches to improve their instructional methods and techniques
He will help coach the senior team Puerto Rico will enter in the 1966 Central American Games. This event will be
held in Puerto Rico. '
Simone will leave for Puerto
Rico in late June and will be
joined there in September by
his wife, They will return to
Grinnell in December for the
second semester. and will then
go back to Puerto Rico in June,
X966l
Friday, February l9, I965
Women's I M's
By Sharon Sheumaker
Basketball is the current recreational watch word on South
Campus with last week marking me beginning of the Womens Recreation Association's
1965 Basketball Tournament to
continue through March 10.
Read Hall view with James Hall
Wednesday in the first official
game of the singleéround-robin
tournament.
“Participation fun," record
ing to picks Crandall, WRA
basketball sports chairman,
“allowed hall membErs to become acquainted with new rules
while having fun and earning
meter CONFERENCE STANDINOGS
put
m. yrs.
791 m
973 950
926 550
930 so:
sad 948
930 sin
955 was
“5 7“
594 739
m sea
1. Pct.
Knox .700
much
Eeloit
joe ,
st, Olaf , ,
Cnrlelon , , ,
lawrence
Cornell
Grinnell , ,
plymouth
uubmmdquq 2
Ian
LEADING screens
a re Fr TP Ave.
13106 si 279 ms
79 as 193 21.44
74 A) usa 2l
73 42 rss 20.5
79 42 zoo 20
37 4: leg 199
Jim Cahoon 1R)
Jeff mm: to)
Gary cleveland (
Jack Grams (for)
Doug Zlcch 1K) .,
richard workers (Ml
Rich classes (cm
Bob Rudolph ()3)
Skip swun (COB) . .
phllmulleylls) ,.
Earl cooper u.) .
Tom Steinmetz (L)
Roger neck ml
Jeff Nelson (St, 0) ,.
Emmett TerwilllZEl'
(early ,. . ,.
Rick chip (Carl) ,.
 
like a house anime by scoring the
first nine points before Hibbs
could break the ice for Grinnell, The Pioneers fought back
though and crest within four
points with 5:30 left in the first
half. In the next seven minutes
the Pioneers settled off fifteen
consecutive points and took a
32-21 lead, Grinnell held on and
took a 38-29 lead at half-time.
Grinnell then started pulling
away as the second half proceeding Even though Ted sister and Tom Hill forced out,
Carleton could never start any
kind of a rally. Carleton, be<
find by fifteen points with time
running out, applied a destination press but the Pioneers
rolled on Included were ten ‘,
straight points scored by leading scores Jeff grants, Grinnell took its biggest lead of 21
points with 4:25 remaining The
Pioneers finally took an 81-55
victory.
Jeff
with 38 points, He hit on 16 of
28 shots from the floor and 6
of 1 free throws Dick Chap
grants led all showers ‘
years then were nearly equal
to Carleton in rebounds—losing
only 34-32.
The Pioneers also improved
their defense. Against St, Olaf
the Pioneers employed a 1-3-1
zone defense if they had just
scored and a man-to—man defense if they did not score.
Against Carleton they used the
man—to-man exclusively. The
Pioneers also used their month-man press for both games,
The defense seemed a little
charter by forming more outside shots and allowing fewer
shots right under the basket.
Step Up To
and Emmet Terwilliger led the- _
girls with l!) and 16 points re- :
relatively
The improved play of guards
Elliott Hibbs and Bob Watt was
encouraging and allowed Jeffl
grants to move to forward and
help in responding The bio-
 
Restaurant
 
DON'T SLIP OR SPIN!
get Atlas Snow Tires
 
Valuable participation for their
hallsi"
Another aspect of these pretoumament encourages, was
pointed out by Miss Joyce
Buck (women's physical education). These first games
“give even the referred a
chance to practice!" This year
referred include Anna Campbell, Sandy both, units Free,
Lynne resulting, Carol debian,
Laurie Hill. Jeanie morris, melissa Johnson, Carol middle and
picks Crandall,
Other opportunities are offering themselves in the field
of women’s recreation. A Play
Day with Marshalltown was
held last Saturday. Another
Play Day has been planned for
March 11, with central College
from cells. '
Sports such as table tennis,
badminton, and bowling are
now in season. The ‘WRA bad<
milton season, including both
singles and douglas play. will
eliminate in a tournament
March 6. Climaxing the table
tennis season will be a tournament Feb. 21 Bowling Will end
with a tournament April 10.
Twenty minutes is all that is
required to get participation in
these sports.
Fresh Play fiornell
Grinnell’s freshman basket«
ball team will be putting it!
three»game winning stream on
the line when it takes on the
Cornell headlines at 7:30 pm.
next Tuesday in party,
Acting Coach Barry M. Anderson, ’65, will start his regular linear—forwards Dick sussex and Greg Rankin, center
Roger Able and guards Mikc
Schwartz and James wilson.
How to spend a weekend.
in Chicago for $16
Juuv OHAPMAN
. Wlsllrn eollun
oxford. Ohio
" says. “Any
stud-m, man
nrwdmnnman
stay at
chicago'i
_ can Hotel
.nd enjoy a
weekend for
jason. oem ll
how I did it.
Dinner at ch Nutnl sms
Chicago Symphony 2.5a
foam ul '1 him as:
.5I
rm
us
auukruu of v multi
An Inililvlc Tour
Lunch at Slovllcr'l
Nut. Hi1LMuuum l'our rm
Dinnn W Hotel L25
sql. ml. uni-um! Hot-I ,15
bali. due. in
Room at v Hotel 2.95
lnakfuii ul r Hotel in
Worship utCenlml china
lunch ulVHof-l L30
sun. ”A. Barkfocumplll
Idlsi trial
MEN . worry - ”hills!
Stay at Chicago'-
Y M'C A- H O T E I.
an would Wubuih
at the edge of the Loop
nunnammmlm a found.
hills for mm - u «all vn-zl u
 
