 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
€355
AN ANGRY JERRY GODDAR
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
o. sen President, centers with a sleeps
Chris peterson, AWS Board president. on... in the picture ii. to r.)
Jane Belts. Milt google and Dalsbian Rice. 50.3 more by Henry Wilhelm
Tuesday's Riot Spontaneous;
logged congress' attached
By Bob Hodieme
It started as an abortion fight Tuesday night on north campus and grew
rapidly into spontaneous spring root.
About 75 men “matched on” south
campus and at about 12:30 broke into
the logged at the south logged door.
The group miller aimlessly around
the doorway for 10 minutes making
short “reservations" into the more mysterious reaches of the north end of the
logged.
Someone finally turned out the lights
on the logged ceiling and, with the pressing of anonymous, the number of men
quickly skilled and the “breasts of
march" increased.
Soon there were about 150 men in the
logged with perhaps as many more receiving from outside.
The filters were much like the dog
who caught the car and didn’t know
what to do with it. “We’re here, so now
what?"
“Now what" was an attempt to get
the girls to leave the logged. When it
appeared that only 40 or 50 would leave
 
9mm
of their own position,
the filters pushed another twenty or so
outside.
With no leaders or
"established lines oi
communication,” th e
“root" degenerated into nothingness with
men standing self-code
sciously in the logged
with no place to go
logged apprehensively measuring the
distance to the nearest ioggia door.
Student government, under the leadership of Jerry forward, SGA president, and Chris Peterson, ass Board
president, “moved in" about 1:00.
They gave the filters a choice. They
could continue to “root" with women'.
hours extended until 2:00 with no or
managed root at a later date or they
could break up Within 15 minutes and
have an organized root some other
night. ‘
The filters decided to go home.
forward said he decided to stop the
root because “it was a disorganized root
and we were protecting property and
people. It could have gotten out
hand." ,
forward went on to say that the “difference between this (the Tuesday root)
and an organized root was that at an
organized root someone will take th.
responsibility."
Phone calls were made to north
campus warning the more intrepid
girls who had ventures north to com.
home for bed check.
By 1:45 the logged was free of men
(with the exception of SGA and the
5&1!) and most of the women we“
back in their respective calls. Chris
Peterson, AWS Board president, ro<
posted that there were no garlic missing during the bed check.
Damage was remarkable light on
south campus. There were two window.
broken and a few screens pushed out»
The final total on damage is still in
OldasiColleqe Newspaper web of the Mississippi doubt and will have to be worm m
and so or 60 girls
between SGA and aaa.
standing outside the
 
 
Vol. LXXlI Grinnell, iowa, Friday. May 7, 1955 No. 27
Telephone ‘Teacli- n' on diet Nam
Features Panel, Presidential side
A iuurrhour teaching on the dial
Nam situation will be heard live
by Grinneli students Saturday,
May 15, over polyphonic lecture
equipment at the college.
The program, effectively sche<
ruled [or the South Lounge at 1:30
pm, will eliminate rom washington, D. C., where McGeorge funds
and other supporters at the Johnson policy in diet Nam will contract opponents of the President’s
actions in Southeast Asia.
The program will begin with a
half-hour talk by funds, presidential assistant for national security
affairs and former dean of Harvard University. Following funds,
George latin, a professor of
Southeast Asian affairs at Cornell
University, will speak in opposition to the American diet Nam
policy.
The remainder of the teach-in
will consist of a discussion by two
tourvman panels. 0n the panel sun«
posting Johnson's policy will be
-Robert Scalapino, an expert on
Fat-Eastern affairs, and Henry
THE REAL RIOT
The Real Spring Riot finally came off —— or went
off —- last night. It was
11 o t ab 1 e for fireworks,
broken glass, tennis course
dancing, and the “traditional activities." _
Congratulations, 0069i
 
messenger. 0n the opposite panel
Will be Mary Wright, also an ex»
part on the Far East, and Hans
Morgenthau, director of the program for the study of American
foreign and military policy at the
University of Chicago.
According to Sam karen (history), the teach-in will have more
the flavor of an academic debate
than a configuration.
Arrangements for- the Grinnell
rock-up were made by an informal
faculty committee completing aaron. Lynn persons (history), Ronald Kurtz (anthropology), and Rob
art coleman (economics).
Several campus organizations
will help pay the $150 telephone
bill for the teach-in. Those groups
that have already pleased support
are lRC, Yﬂund Democrats, and
Young Republicans. Faculty donations are also helping to pay for the
hook-up.
The teaching is being sponsored
nationally by the Inter-University
Committee for a Public Hearing
on diet Nam. Committee organizing include David sherman, B. F.
printer, Robert matching, become
Frank, Kenneth building, Albert
SzenteGyorgi, and others.
Iowa's Biggest Press Conference
To Feature Eisenhower ai Grinnell
One of the largest press conferences in iowa's history will be held
for former President weight D.
Eisenhower in Roberts Theatre at
4 p.m. next Thursday.
To accommodate the large crowd
expected at the news conference,
the overview will be directed to
service Chapel, where an electronic pipeline to Roberts will he
set up. A similar overview arrangement will be used for Eisenhower’s speech at a pm. in carb .
you hand for the press conference
will be representatives from eight
television stations and from news-
 
Police lab Pro
A Grinnell College senior and a
town resident were represented
by town police after a night watching at the quad elected the police
to the presence of the two on the
latvia root Saturday, April 24.
The case was handled entirely
through town authorities. partially
because I non-student was involved in the case, Dean of Men'
5. Eugene Thompson said.
The two were fixed for discussing the peace. The college took no
action in the case.
In another case involving the
town punch, B leblc freshman
was found guilty of a conduct via‘
motion by the men’s primary court
after he was represented by local
town, and later turned over to college authorities,
He was put on conduct promotion
until the end of the semester and
Was lined $15, $10 of which was
suspended.
Local authorities took no action
in this case.
The case was novel for the men's
primary court in that the defendant was charged with A violation
of the general conduct clause as
outlined in the preamble to the
men’s house rules rather than with
a violation oi a specific rule.
The court's decision was 4—1,
with the presenting magistrate
charming‘that the preamble should
be only . an introduction to the
 
like for being inwxlutcdrin
house rules and that there was no
”seven.” u. .
where: hours- Seni'enter cross
reason to believe it was intended
to be a marshall rule.
The majority opinion pointed out
that the Court had a right to rule
on what parts of the men's house
code were actual rules and that
the court had decided the preamble need not be considered I
mere introduction.
The majority then went on to
state that certain actions of the
defendant were in violation of the
presents of the preamble because
they failed to show good judgment
and because they reflected blame
ant irresponsibility. ~
There was a consensus that this
case points up a need for legislation that would allow the court to
hear cases that involve off-cam-
 
pm- .violations.
 
papers in Chicago, St, Louis, and
Kansas City.
The two journalism societies on
campus — Theta Sigma Phi and
Sigma Delta Chi —— are in charge
of the press conference.
A complete schedule for Eisenhower's visit was printed in last
week's 5&3.
Eight trials chosen;
billy Named President
Eight junior men Were surrounded as members of Frianl
at dinner in Cowles last night.
They are Richard Edwards.
James Holbrook, Peter mailman, John jersey, Bruce MoConachie, Richard Reichniaiin.l
Mark Schorr, and Steve billy.
billy was named president 0!
the group.
ADDRESS HERE:
log aﬁall
sueizﬁlaw DIIQ
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grlnnoll. lawn
A weekly newspaper polished each Friday or the college year by (he onnnclt Committee on Student Publlcz
rloiis. keprcreiitod for national advertising by National An.
vertlsmg Service, inc. College Publishers th’executive.
is east 50m Street. New york 22, MY. Second class postage paid it oniiucll, Iowa. subscription mo 35,00 per
school your. 1800 paid subscriptions.
. John W0]:
Harold rural
'crne, sue prior
Steve lucy
uni Hanmln
sm Bay
w. chrysler Mohrmui
Bunny non:
rcir Adulnsoii
Alln Ax rod, Jnnlcc and.
canon.
nvsmcss MANAGER
AssoCrATr. EDITORS.
spank £able ..
non marion?
EXCHANGE comm
cmcuumolv MANAGER
srmAL copy ASSXSTANT .
SPECIAL ASSISTANT To THE :DlTon' ,
IEPORTERS . Glen Ash
sue scro'ulrt, Dick chilly, rain chip.
Lynn beatles, Anne rrrrcr, .iliu terror
sin: Johnson, Ted Lemxlre, Kris Nuh,
connlc Simon. \vnync Slengel, Don \Viniiey
. _ John Phillips, Scott rarrlrli, Henry wuhclm
Ken Clymer, box Kurnsch, Nlck forms.
im humscy. shown shcurnakcr, paul sun
early human, Hclcn leschw Carol .miss.
Amy houston, Klreu sun-mm. men wcrulck
. Mlm| Mrdarr. susan WI|I
PHOTOGRAPHERS
svou'rs nEPomEns ..
core sTAi-‘F .
ausmcss sun-
A New President?
It has been nearly 14 months since President
Howard women quit his post at Grinnell to become
head of the University of Iowa in Iowa City.
1n those months, several rumors of the depending
selection of a new president have proved announced.
Each passing month and each groundless humor
make the no-president situation more discouraging to
members of the community of a highly thought-of college.
 
We realize that it must be a difficult task to find
a new president. Still. we would think that the trustees
and administrators could be farsighted enough to realize that men like Howard women are going to advance;
therefore a group of men should be under consideration
It all times for the providence of the college.
Of course, if our view of the situation is drive and
supervision, it might be because we are not told many
of the facts. The secret meetings with presidential
perspectives continue, but the students never find out
about them because “the privacy of the candidates
must be protected."
A 1900 editorial in the 5&3 noted, “While the std—,
cents are not qualified to select a man for president,
Friday, May 7, ms
Shades of Gray
Showing Your True Color
By Carl Otis Gray
it’s spring! Anyone who hash’t noticed it
should take care to note the rich green targeted campus and the towns tan catering legs
that are beginning to grace the sun deck on
Main. the tennis courts, the Forum floor, and
all those other intimate inches that the campus
has to provide. This of course, is nothing new;
for years a company coat of skin has been the
sign of healthy clean living people of the Pepsi
generation. Now putting aside all rentals oi raCial chauvinism, I find this seasonal phenomenon highly significant as a point of departure
in an investigation of certain psychological
trends.
Okay, let's start with Man-Tan. In accordance with all the principles laid down by dance
Packard and David Ogilvy, ManATan is a success. Man-Tan is facility. It promises the
logged, buddy completion that marks number.
packs and steel driving men; it promises the
assure and excitement that was previously her
served for life guards and movie stars. Minutes
from the everyday "city White,” it can assure
its users of a Florida tan that makes the second requirement of “tall, dark, and hardcore"
available to everyone from coal owners io out'ice alerts. There's something overwhelmingly
male about darkness, something strong and attractive.
Then, at course, there's Coppcnonc, This
has an appeal to the young ladies. It promises
that sun»reviewed cupric due that supplements
femininity with the “fresh, glad to be alive”
look.
But both of these have a mass appeal camel‘A
ing to the middle class ideal; it's main de Soleil
that truly captured the upper class eye. It promises no less than a ”love affair with the sun."
No doubt, such an affair would he momentous
even for the most friend of women — the more
thought of it browser morris sessions. But such
an advertising (so to speak) implies a certain
residence that only Wealth could ever achieve.
Indeed, the golden girls oi this generation are
searching for new threads and excitement; it
appears that anything under the sun is fair
game. The erotic ringtones of a sunday seem to
be getting too hot to handle. .
The sunday worth a mi ion dollars is no
longer a mere advertising clicks but the marsh
reality of John Howard Griffith. 50 when Mr.
Griffith says. “Black Like Me," he does not
strike a discordant note in the ears of AngloSaxia; he merely points out the advantages of
a temporary total change. All this is. of course.
in harmony with summer shades. So now, not
only are mrs calculate, medicine, and erotic
reflections, but they are potentially regarding.
One can only assume that to have a tan in
America is to have the best of all possible
worlds. This is how America views it according to all the available mass media, and yet we
wonder how the black supremacists get that
way. After all, the tracker the berry, the
shelter the lace!
 
Memphis, ‘Place of Good above,‘
 
and their judgment in regard to such a selection could
be questioned, no one double that they thoroughly ap->
precious the task that was before the trustees to find alan to take up the work where president Gates leaves
i.t" (As an interesting spotlight, the man whom the
trustees had selected and for whose selection the S&Bi
was training the trustees in the editorial never took
over the providence of the college, and Grinnell went
from 1900 to 1902 with an acting president. The college has also had acting treatments from 1884 to 1887,
1954 to 1955, and 1964 to present.)
Students of 1965 probably worlds’t take such a
dim View of their abilities for helping choose a news
president; but since we women't asked to help, we would i
simply remind the trustees and administration that
taking 14 months or more to select a new president
looks more like destination than registration
 
assistant Nationalism austin's Topic:
Hindu-Islam Conflict Major Problem
“I law is not a religion in the page], law, Calendar and even diet
restricted sense of the well it is that made Hindus and systems
w i unable to live together.
Calling the Moslem “conscious
in way at like. This was the via
altered by Professor Moliinud _
‘pass oi fitness, oi being one;
_ means
Viewed as Two‘complement’ Ci’lies
Ed. note: The following re
port was written by Cynthia
trust, who is a Grinnell exchange student at LcMoync roller: in Memphis [his semester.
Memphis. Tennessee: the name
“Place of Good above.”
The billboards point out its reputation as the cheapest city in the,
nation, and the Chamber of Commerce speeds thousands of dollars
every year on a carnival to promote Memphis as the ”Cotton
Capital." White Memphis prices,
herself on her reputation as the
most liberal and “peaceful” city
in the South.
But there is another Memphis.
one that most campaigns never
see, or notice. Gradually. l have
come to sec Memphis as the "complement City." or rather. as two
complement cities. The Place of
Good above is a city or white pet»;
pre. Their lite is, at all times, quite .
far removed from that of they
metro, for this is a strictly see-i
related city in suite or its lib»i
et'rllity.
All of the public recreational fa—
cilltlcs and cultural buildings area
 
,integrated, Except for the swimrl
.rnirig pools:
they’re closed! All
swimming and rating pools in the,
city have been closed for twoi
years since a court order forced‘
integration The rating pools will
of the facilities they went to jalljpage — as a legitimate part of
to open. Theaters, night clubs.
restaurants 7 all are strictly and
carefully segregated by cabin,
creating two complete and sept-i
rate Cities,
housing in Memphis is so server,
rated that buses almost never run
with an integrated load. People always look at us questionnaire, and
they olieii ask it we are sure we
are on the bus we wanted. There
is no mortality, just a friendly contain (the reception we have gotten
from the entire metro common
city), There are the usual “nice”
neighborhoods. and there are gave
moment products, and there are
heartbreaking sluts. There are_
mixed neighborhoods, too —— hosting'
areas that used to be white, until
the realtors decided to ‘break" the
block. gradually forming it into
transition and then into the segregated metro area according it.
School illustration has been pro
reading at its own merry (very
slow) pace in Memphis. It has
been a grade is year up until now.
and all elementary schools are ar‘
least tccliiiicolly integrated now.
Due to government pressure, all
or the junior high grades will be
integrated next call.
Senior high schools are scheduling for the year after, and this
step may cause the biggest change
austin. a member oi the history
faculty at the University oi cam-
chi in a lecture on assistant Nationalism iii the South Lounge,
Wednesday, April 28.
Professor austin interpreted the
cvolutioii, characteristics. find future problems oi Pakastanl Nalionalism in relation to the historic conflicts between islam and
Hinduism. lee emphasized the farmer differences in Cciemmly, up-
among themselves” the essence of
oak'dstani Nationalism, professor
Husaln Concluded that the feeling
springs from the "faith, culture,
and historical traditions” oi a pod
pie whose religion has the almost‘
regular influence.
Mr. Hl did. whose brother is
Vice-president of indian is Visiting
professor at the Near and toddler
East institute of Columbia University this year.
be opened this summer, and, hope»girl Memphis since the skins ﬁve
fully, the swimming pools by next years ago Win the ”St Steps tosummer But Will they be into ward integration. New traditions,
Emmi" Will they be used? The will have [0 be established. audi
patterns of years at legislation i new patterns of social life Sﬁt “PE
remain in Memphis. recently l'clarke 1, fox and by these been- 38915 Sports i
log the location of the notre- conferences. tournaments and all—
moved “colored" signs. The Ne.1city teams will have to be union
gross' habits ot the and interface ‘ stated, at long lost. city newspapers follow those that developed pets will have to acknowledge the
front years ago, and even the existence or the metro on its teen
1college students do not use mliiiy . page, society page Ind sports
 
 
Memphis, not a break extra arm or
leg. Even the rock-acid-roll radio
stations will have to change, for
they definitely water to one side or
the other now.
No, Memphis is not a bad place
to live. it you are white. Or if you
team [D accept second-class building at iirstclass rental. And police
mortality and discrimination
which are a daily fact of life here.
and not a myth. If it dress’t bother
you that your employment opportunities are limited. you’ll get
along, but more than that, you
have to be able to overcome the
daily clubs of a southern white
population that may call itself liberal but many of whose cars sport
conference bag license plates and
Whose minds reveal confederateflag statements.
Memphis: The Place of Good
above. There are more Churches
here than gas stations (forestry!).
and most at them are segregated.
it is a healthy town. a town proud
or its elite society (mon its lead—
ing families have been cotton"
‘inn generations). It boards of jul«
rural activities too numerous to
list — most or which have differences too small to make a from.
it is a small town grown ‘big _
‘smug, connected, sclicomplacent.
Maybe l’ve painted it too grimly.
Compared to most Southern cities
‘the relations are good. the progress
is steady. But the degrees and
writes in Memphis. like those in
most Northern cities, live in two
different worlds. They cannon. at-
floral to let the wall between [Item
grow while they tell themselves it
dress’t exist, No one con, anywhere. Walls. visible or spiritual.
legal or habitual. do not make 1
place of good above.
 
r
rildiy. May 7. ms
Murphy Feels Enrollment Jump
Would Spread Grinnell Too Thin
To the: Editor:
This letter is in response to the
administration's recent announce
ment that enrollment at Grinnell
will be expanded by approximately
150 students as soon as new directory space can be provided. The
proposed enrollment increase
seems to me unjustified and unwisc for the following reasons:
First, and most obviously, the expansion could lead to an opportunity overcrowding of union. truly, and auditorium family as.
Second, due to a relatively undo ized iullsiime teaching state,
many classes at Grinnell are unavailable large. An increase in
enrollment without substantial additions to the faculty can only re»
suit in the determination oi an already unsatisiactory situation.
Third. the proposed enrollment
increase is completely unjustiiied
brown a standpoint oi eating admissions treasures. At present the
college accepts for admission between one half and two things oi
those students who apply; the pro.
per course for Grinnell would
seem to lie in the direction or
attraction more outstanding applicants, not in accepting a higher
proportion of the inadequate number oi students who are now applying,
Fourth, enrollment increases are
lilV their nature irrevocable. while
i is
Liberal Arts exams, review currently and alter calendars, a new directory, once completed, has to he
filled, To commit Grinneil to a-
possible to english Junior-
 
necessarily permanent enrollment
increase at a time when we are
without a president may restrict
unduly our new president's tree
down to pursue policies he feels in
the best interests or the college.
in sum, I am suggesting that a
policy oi expanding enrollment
could prevent Grinnell from
achieving what has thus tar prev.
en to be the highly massive goal
ot academic excellence. In view oi
this fact, I other the following
proposal for consideration by the
administration:
i. Present plans to increase en»
recipient to be abandoned.
ii. Funds that are now intended for the construction oi a
new women’s directory be die
record instead to the procurement of additional iacul.
ty members.
The preceding arguments and!
proposal are based on the convention that providing an excellent ed—
station for 1,150 students is more
important than providing a good,
education for 1,300 students. 1
sincerely hope the administration
will reply publicly to this letter,
stating explicitly why a policy of
increasing enrollment is more pro~
sent than the proposal outlined
above.
Dennis Murphy
Student person
Joel Sabean will deliver the person this Sunday at 11:00 in service Chapel. i-his topic will he “Two
Gods, one God?”
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Senior Gift Funds
Now Being unlimited
The beginning or the annual drive
for contributions from members or
the senior. class toward their class
gift to the college was announced
this week by Roger harris, senior‘
gift committee chairman.
harris said that the gift itself
has not yet been chosen. but that
the selection will be announced
Monday.
The two most likely possibilities,
harris said, are books for the library with an equal number to
be chosen by each department
chairman, and art or sculpture to
advance the present plans for the
development of the Fur-um.
The (allowing hall represents»
times are now collecting gifts in a
drive that will close May 24:
years, Nancy hewlett; Main,
Karen party; Cleveland. Martha
Post; James, Nancy Cox.
i-barnes. Anne Young; Read,
Carol newton; those, Kristi Williams; bit-campus worked, Donna
Dagenals.
South counter, Dave cialis;
North counter, Jim Ramsey:
Smith. Dave Sellergren; bargain,
Jim harrison.
watson, Dick deliver,‘ Gates.
Mike hotel; Clark, Skip key—
ranch; liable, Mike Miller.
Cowles, Larry Rinderknecht;
West morris. Ed Jolinsonl East
morris, Dave larger.
”lulllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllIIIllllulllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllilllllllllillllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllIIIIllllullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllg
M is the Best Time to Save
Have you ever questioned whether there
was . BEST time is start savings it you
have. you probably run haven't answered
ill. question to your satisfaction.
But then ll an Answer -— it": RIGHT
NOW. short is no better time to store‘
saving your money than this vary moment‘. And once you start ills saving:
cabin. you will be around at how fast
Money saved by June 10 cards from the ‘let
Grinnell Federal *3 Savings
l025 Main street I Grinnell. (own 0 Phone 5l5 236-3lol
allllllllllllllllllullllullllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIIllllllullllllllllulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllulllllllllullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllnlllllll
 
your savings grow at Grinnell Federal
Savings and Loan Association — at the
current rate of 4 PER CENT.
Whatever your reason, for saving. you
won't find a better place than Grinnell
federal. Your moneyii rare. insured by
an agency oi the federal government; it'l
readily available when you perl iii and it
turn: big dividendI.
and loan
Association
unlulllnmmnmnohmmmmnlnuwmuln
it
Page Till-u
Iowa City Managers Association Meet
Scheduled in nursing for May 14-15
The spring meeting or the lows}
City Managers Association will be
held on campus May 1445. The
sessions of the meeting will be held
in the library viewing room, and
are open to students and faculty.
During the tuesday meeting, the
following speakers will discuss
topics relating to city management
Tom Chenowith, Des points city
manager; charles seeker, re
search assistant at the University
or iowa; Russell Russ, professor
of political science at the driver-
site or iowa; Dean Swartzel, rirgiunal director of urban mnewai
oi the U.S. housing and Home Financing Agency; Kyle Jones,
trim-tell superintendent oi schools;
richard Lane, Dean of the drivers
site of Iowa College of Education;
Gilbert Chavanelle. City manager
oi Dubuque; Park binary, executive secretary or the League oi
Inwa Municipalities; and C. admin Gilmour (political science).
PATRONIIE OUR ADVERTISERS
 
1. I've been teaching the
possibility of becoming a
perpetual student.
Last week you said you
were considering the
series of link running.
S. i must admit the thought
did enter my mind,
Has the thought est-t
entered your mind
that you might get a
job and make a career
for yonneiir
5. lion mean earn while looking?
Right. And you can
do it at available.
They'll pay 100% oi
your tuition toward
a quiltﬁed induct.
degree, At t is sound
Unit‘s], the working
chi an in . t o
is geoaﬁn‘i 1 m5."
you move up inst.
2. With graduation drawing near
I realized how much more
there was for me to learn.
You didn't also
realize, did you.
that when you graduate
your dad will int
oh your allownndel‘
4, what about my thirty for
knowledge?
Just. because you work
dress't menu you have
to stop learning.
a. But what do i know about
insurance?
With {our thirty {or
know edge, rm sun
you'll be the star
oi their development-
program.
Eco your Placement Olhcer for the (his Equitublo’c employment lopmaninﬂw
will ho on campus. Or write to Edward D. McDongal, daily“
Manpower Development Division.
The EQUITABLE Life Assurance society of the United Slam
 
ﬂumo (them 1285 Ave. or the Americas. network, but wow median. nu
An Equal Opportunity Employer-J, '
 
yege Four
Weekend Writers' Gathering
Features Author-Poet movie
Donald A movie, prominent Engr
list poet, writer, and educated
who is currently a visiting professor or English at Grlitnell College,
will headline both sessions at the
college’s annual writer’s center—
once this weekend,
He Will lecture on “fingering and
Contemporary poetry" at 4 pm.
Friday in ARH auditorium and will
read and comment on his poetry
and the work of other connectors
are posts at 2 p.ml Saturday in
the South Lounge at the College
Forum.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
‘Scarleieers in Concert'
What?
"newsletters in concert!"
"A come es you are . .
And all you have to do to package at this
Grinnell social experience is get your box to
the seats facing the proscenium stage in ARH
and Saturday night at slots
it‘s the ﬁrss reel live “concert" in the history oi the newsletters — at least that's what
Friday, key 7. we;
the man said. And it's intended to be internet
—a good time.
"we promise you a tin piano, true cheese.
cake. and impressive sales.“ they said.
Music "ranging over several different styles"
was the way they described in More explicitly
they said something about membership, modem
harmony, rock ‘n roll, wesierrr, and what they
chose to term “unclassified" rnusie There was
also something said about some
more original arrangements.
Exciting
New
Designs
vumcu
 
5 over to see — or
And "they" are better known
as the voices of Dick really, porn
Pope. Bill Hughes, Dick lovely,
AI russian, John Phillips, Jim
still and Craig Welterlenl
They‘ve been rehearsing to.
this show, in spare at various
'disturbances' this week. for _.
well. it's a staggering number
i nights. And with several
added features" it promises
to be e show worth staggering
hear.
So all that's left is to see who
can come the most "as you
are." l V
 
News
Maytag Grant
Grinnell will be among the
member schools of the Iowa
College Foundation to benefit
from 5 $10,000 contribution
made to that organization by
the Maytag Company Foundation, Inc.
The Iowa College Foundation
is a fund-raising agency for 22
private universities and 001pages in the state.
 
DIAMOND RINGS
True artistic is expressed in the brilliant
fashion selling of every Keepsake diamond engagement ring. Each setting is a marketplace of
design, reﬂeating the full compliance and beauty
of the center diamondma perfect: gem of ﬂaccess clarity, ﬁne color and meticulous modern cut.
The name, Keepsake, in the ring and on the
tag is your assurance of ﬁne quality and lasting
satisfaction. Your very personal Keepsake is
training your selection at your
Keepsake however's store. Find
him in the yellow pages under
"Jewelers.” Prices from $100
to $2500. Rings enhanced to
show beauty of detail.®l‘rademark registered.
_....._._.__—_-._.____._.I
NON“! PLAN hills ENGAEEMENI AND WEDDING
Please send new garbage booking, “How To Plan
Your Engagement and Wedding" and new orange
Nil color folder, both for only 25¢. Also, send
special other ct beautiful 441:er Bride’s Book.
Nﬂmt
Adams——
tin/see State
xrseuxr DIAMOND RlNSSI svucusr, um 13202
- ”one
:22 * 7'“:
 
frames Jewelry
Your Keepsake Distributor
Corner of. , .
non 'sun rock'm'
 
"Does he man it? it he innlingz
especially everything
EveryADA expenses?
line he dressed it, Just like cursor?
Has he happened buck in Harry?
(bus he followed trout OiIanny?)
Has he finished running Kennun?
waste nnillyrestl begin?”
per a i... (spy .r theurruu luv. ei le
lloNAL REVIEW. write
in user. cm, inn r.
:5 St, N v. is, N. t.
 
Briefs
better Winners
better sing, the annual lM singfest was won last Sunday in ARR
auditorium by Cowles and Read
hallsi Second place went in North
and seats calls.
SGA Appointments
The following appointments were
approved at Wednesday night’s
meeting or the advisory council:
High Court: John britney, chief
justice, David Hume, Candy
Rogers; Foreign Student Board:
Jim Miller, champions
’65-'66 managers
The new members selected this
spring for managers are ireshmen
Janet Boyd, Susan nice, and
Susan Schaefer, and junior, iran
refers finger Clark has been
elected president for the coming
year. Other remaining members of
the group are l-holly l-loebel, garcia James, and Cris johnson.
 
SPRING TUNE
U_PS_
MOTOR CLINIC
All Kinds of Auto Repairs
Foreign Cars
a Specialty
Many V.W. ports in stock plus
one day service on all
parts available in
' j ' Des points
Elipert Air conditioning Service
MOTOR CLINIC '
x 4 “EV: 4th Ave.
beside the relief St, no...
‘ “tend non
 
Peace corps seniors
May narrow 3[500
The Peace Corps public information office has announced
that college seniors who parties
state in the Peace Corps training program the summer before their senior year may be
eligible for loans of up to $600
to help finance their senior
year school expensive
Loan represent may be de~
{fred until after Peace Corps
service has been completed
The loan program was units
rated by an agreement between
United student Aid Fund, Inc.
and the Peace Corps 'Volunteers Fund, a non-profit foundation established by the Peace
Corps National Advisory Council.
Liberman published
Two stories by M, M. Liberman (English) are scheduled
for early publication,
“Robin Redbreast and the
Wren," originally published in
Perspective, will be anthologized by todd. read and Company in Fiction As Process,
edited by Carl cartoon and
and packard Adams.
A new story, “Letters from
the Thirties,” will appear in
December, a Chicago journal
of the arts.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supp
her... he... thu‘ north
,. . EF'NNEF
 
Friday, May 7. ms
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page hiv-
 
Labor Organization leader Blanchard
Speaks at ‘Student
By Don disney
What may be another Grinnell tradition, the student-less
coffee hour, was held Wednesday afternoon in South Lounge
Three students and th0 re
posters gathered to hear David
5. Blanchard, deputy director
of the Washington, D, C
branch of the lLO (internship
a1 Labor Organization.) The discussion was sponsored by IRC
and the pre-law club.
”Spring fever” was Vanderpool's explanation for the turn—
out that was a little less than
formula But one —-namely this:
one—rendered '
Still, Mr. Blanohard wash
precious as he outlined the his
tony and goals of the ILO. l‘The
1L0," he said, “can provide
a better atmosphere for international understandings on certain limited matters, and as
a result, certain obligations between nations have grown
up."
The ”.0, he explained, was
an outgrowth of the Versailles
Treaty. Founded in 1919, the
ILO tried to establish an inter
national labor code to deal
with working conditions. Child
labor, and labor-management
houses. recognition die need
for cooperative action to prevent social unless, the ILO first
consolidated in the industrial
nations, where labor conditions
often fed political turmoil.
Former Secretary of Labor
James Mitchell has Called the
ILO of this period “one of the
stainless weapons against come
nudist actions and ideas.”
Today, affiliated with the UN,
the 11.0 is increasingly con—
.corner with building the economies of underdeveloped countries. Operating on a {orgy million dollar budget, one quarter
of it supplied by the u, s., the
lLO provides new skills, new
technology, and new manage»
Step Up To
-Less' Coffee flour
ment to these countries. Recently, it made an agreement
with the Peace Corps to assign
Corpsman to an 1L0 project
if the country so requests.
 
Student Art Show
Now in Scheatter
Some 160 items in different
media are included in the annual exhibition of student work
sponsored by the Grinnell art
department and currently on
View in Scheaffer Gallery. The
show will remain on view
through May 19.
Sunday at 3 p.m.. annual
awards for student work, both
in the gallery and as shown in
various art studios, will be an-
founded at the gallery, with
Frank Selberling, head of the
University of Iowa art department, as the judge. The awards
will include the cleaner Mem- _
trial Prizes for Creative Art
and the Inez merely Memorial
Prizes for excellence in oil and
waterproof painting
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Two visitors view the student art exhibit.
 
If you’ve got the cap...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A bigger’s dream, this 4-4-2! Here items a lean 'n' mean Rocket V43 a . . 400 tubes, 345 horses,
quad lots. cookies like twin dramatically tunes, chambered pipes . . . heavy-duty stocks, front
and rear liabilities and 4 cool springs. Result: unique 4-4-2 action and road sense, How many cents?
Lowest priced high-performance car in America designed for everyday driving! This woolly machine
wants for you at your automobile Dealer‘s now. sorry!
LEM
”'5 “STA““m Try a Rocket‘in Action . « .
operated—at 922% min, cannon . - . , __ :y j , ‘ . . , Look to Old: for the N_¢lf_l ,
' -. , ‘ » , migration“ ulM-Ionhruntlm . y , , . . .
I
1-55 a
 
 
Page Six
; Grinnellians View Modern songs
By David wilson
' “All of us left connection
with a firm conviction that a
new priesthood has given up in
American Catholicism.” This
comment by Paul Kuntz (philosophy) apply sims up the expressions oi the ten Philosophy
Club members who, along with
Kuntz, visited connection Abbey and seminars, a Benedictine ministers and college
near nashville, Missouri, Saturday and Sunday, April 24th
and 25th.
Because F atm e r Gabriel
thanks ol' Conceptlm was unable to come to Grinneli to
speak on the philosophy of
latinas, the ten students left
Grinnell Saturday morning, training at connection in mid-afternoon. These included: Phylis Lamb, Judy Johnson, plains
Cook, Martha boolean, Ken
sherman, David wilson, Bob
narrow, Bob halloween, Ron
Lane, and Don argue, as well
as Kuntz,
After their reception at theE
guest house of the Benedictine
Sisters of slide, they drove to
the seminars, meeting Father
Gabriel and a number of std—
cents in the candy shop—an
informal union where seminar“
fans may gather for refresh—
meets. Our hosts were college
students much like Ourselves,
participating in a fourryear liberal arts undergraduate program with a major in philosophy. Following this, they plan
SPALDlNG GOLF BALLS
 
to complete another four
years of graduate study in
theology, after which they will
be obtained.
Father Gabriel discussed
“Thomas latinas and the Modern World,” Saturday after—
noon, He reminder his audience
that Christian philosophy in the
ancient and early medieval
worlds had followed the realistic Concepts of plate and his
ﬁo‘flower platinum, There was a
plastic division between a
man's physical body and his memorial spirit. An early hymn
referred to the body as a “pros<
on” from which to escape. St
christine wrote of a rational
mind within a portal body.
This point of view, which p
heated Benedictine monasticism, ran counter to early Jewish belief and the Christian conviction that me Son of God was
interested as a complete hu—
man being. Yet this quality
still permitted, and is reflected
in such existentiallst works as
Sartre‘s caused and in the concept oi pDSiLivlsm—the belief
,that all amendment may be ex-
pressed in material or quantity
time terms.
Thomas, however, informed
that the body and soul were of
one substance, although the
spirit was memorial. The material world was good—something not to be located, but to
be embedded, This concept of
essential unity in the universe
—along with the philosophies
of Marx, still’card Lie charlie,
3 a. s”L47
SPALDlNG GOLF CLUBS
2 woods —- 5 icons
s29.97
 
SCARLET AND SLACK
pic Catholicism
and perhaps Whitehead—«Father
Gabriel believed to be the only
trouble viewpoints in the face
of modern technology.
The question was raised as
to whether Thomas or Teilhard
dc Chairdm could properly
c o m bin e philosophical and
scientific language. More gen—
really, can concepts such as
synthetic beauty and moral
cordless, usmg different scales
of measurement, be calculated?
Dr. daily, a colleague of Father Gabriel's, took paint to
demonstrate Thomas’ separation of philosophy and science
as specific subjects, although
he was willing to afford along
with Father Gabriel the concept
of “unity in diversity.”
The lecture and discussion
were followed by Mass in the
ministers church, an example
or the Romanesque removal.
The Mass was carried out in
concelebration; that is, several
private represented the conservation in accepting the say
recent. Also noteworthy were
the many homes and responses
in English,
of the munich
(Continued Next Week)
Eldridge to gets Post
Roger Eldridge, college chat»
main and instructor in religion.
has been related as chairman
of the civil rights committee of
the National Association of Col—
legs and University complaint.
and particularly,
the joyous, operated character'
 
Friday. May 1'. in:
More News Briefs
Cartoonist to Speak
Frank Miller, editorial cartoonist for the Des points mega
inter, will be guest speaker for
the annual spring dinner and
Matrix Table to be held Monday, May 17, by the campus
chapters OI Sigma Delta Chi
and Theta Sigma Phi, national
professional journalism fraternitles.
Miller, a member of the Des
points Register staff for 12
years, won a 1963 Pulitzer
Prize for his Work during 1962‘
He was particularly cited for a
cartoon reporting the probably
alternate of nuclear world war.
FCSA on CofHP
The Faculty Committee on Student affairs has made known to
SGA members this week that on
April 20 it passed a resolution
stating that:
Tile Committee on Student affairs strongly supports the position
that [he CoiHP be elected on a
North campus-wide basis,
This report by the committee
was the result oi a March 16 de
vision by the committee to give
the Executive Cabinet oi SGA
written summaries of important
and relevant FCSA actions.
Piano-hello decimal
A piandcello student decimal
will be presented by the Grinnell music department this
Sunday at 3 p. in Roberts
Theatre. No tickets are needed
for the program,
Miss Mary would. sophomore,
Will be the spanish and Edward
brazilian, freshman, the selling. Miss would will play two
Chopin numbers and the Bartok
“Suite for Piano," Op. 14, and
she and brazilian will perform
the Sammartini “donate in G
Minor for hello and Piano" and
the Brahms “donate No. l in
E Minor for hello and Piano."
Last xerox Concert
Two string quarters and a
trio will be performed by the
xerox quarter in a ConCel’L top
day at 8 pm. in Roberts Theatre. it is the last of a series
of three spring programs.
The four xerox players will
present first the Haydn “Qua get in C Major ('The Bird' '
0p, 33, No, 3, and union We«
been’s “Six Bagatelles," Op. 9,
Then Miss santa, McCall,
and perth will play the Mena
delssohn ”Trio in D Minor for
Piano, Violin, and Violoncello,"
'Op. 49, with perth changing
from the villa, his quarter instrument, to the piano.
Yonnuios Promoted
James Yannatos, formerly assistant professor of music and
director of orchestra at Grinhall, has been appointed assistant professor of music at
Harvard University, effective
July 1.
 
WHERE Y0“ NEVER
PAY RETAIL I
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
(irinnell, Iowa
INSTAMATIC 100 CAME RA
3 I 4.97
SYLVANIA PRESS 25
FLASH BULBS
12 a. $1.07
STORE
HOURS;
‘1 dam. to 9 p.m. Friday
7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Mon.. Tues.
Wed., hours" gui.
PEARLS
For the Young Lndiex
”$75 value
Gibson's Price .
plus
tax
$4.97
PRELL CONCENTRATE
60:
value
SGHIDK STAINLESS D.E. BLADES
33‘
HALO SHAMPOO
1.39 88¢
value
NORWICH ASPIRIN
4?: 16¢
value
TOP BRASS
Clear
L00 value
6l¢
CMO
CHAMPLIN
21%.
MOTOR OIL .
79::
value
42¢
SGHIDK DOUBLE EDGE BLADES
1.00 66‘
value
AQUA NET HAIR SPRAY
Puma Size
3% value
GENUINE ONYX NEDKLAGES
headset
Gibson's tried
3/88"
31.91913:
VO-5 CREME RINSE
54‘1“:
valuGLANCE HAIR SPRAY
99a 39‘
value
AERO SHAVE
”" .46‘,’ .
......va,sun .
plus
tax
 
Friday. May 7. |9b5
iSCARLET AND BLACK
 
Aboriginal Music
Topic of lecture
By Sue Barquist
Dr. Richard A. material, an
ethnomusicologist at Wayne State
University, recently gave a lecture entitled “Music in the Life of
the Australian Aborigine."
Dr. material is both a distinguished anthropologist and professional musician (as apply lemon-
started in a Langan basement jam.
session with the aug band).
material said that music's
main function for aborigine is to
hold the society on its own par
similar path of life. The music life
cycle begins with women’s cart!»
social mailing at birth. followed
by children's songs of the same
sort. Children sing when playing
games, etc. These songs teach children about their environment and
help them learn to speak.
As the child begins to observe
the categories of the group he becomes familiar with Karma songs.
These simple songs are history
and religious lessons, as they are
about hunting, investors, and customs.
Another group or songs includes
those song for pure entertainment
purposes by the barcelona in the
group. They are simple and accompanied by much clothing.
Other categories include men's
sacred songs and women’s mailing
find general, multipurpose. magical charts.
The entire audience felt an im»
message activation for the aborigine when material explained
that planning ahead is looked upon as wrong from their ethical
Viewpoint. They do not grow or
store food and do not even build
theaters for the wet season until
alter it has started to rain.
Graham years Talks
Sponsored by AEG
Benjamin Graham (biology)
attended a symposium on radiation and territories ecosyslems at Banana-Northwest Laboratories, richmond, Wash,
May M.
Sponsored by the division of
biology and medicine of the
Atomic Energy Commission,
the symposium was held to prev
side an exchange of information. an evaluation of present.
knowledge, and an identified
WRA
range trips. horseback riding, an
Easter egg hunt, square cancer —
these are Just some ot the things
the Women’s Recreation Association is planning for next year, In
order to revitalize the WRA and
make these activities possible, a
new constitution has been proposed. It was voted on today at
lunchtime, by all present members
it it is passed. the membership
of the WRA will include all women
students. instead of just those who
have participated in a certain cum—
her of 1M sports. This is part of
the new emphasis on the recreation aspect of the WRA, The intramural sports will still be imperial, and a lot of work will be
done on them, but there Will also
be an extensive program of activities, not all of them active sports.
These will be organized surely for
t'sun and a change from the daily
studying. Some or them will be
Coed.
There may even be some cold‘
IM's next year! This will be up to l
the IM sportsheads, each of whom
is responsible for a particular
sport, and is free to do whatever
she wants to with it. i
holders and clubsl Here's yours,
channel Play in the Abby coleman golf tournament. The prize‘
will go to the person with the}
most strikes and the boobs prize
to the person With the newest‘
strikes. The game is on May 17.
Regular 1M golf will be played
May 10 and 11.
announcement Housing ,
Seniors are reminder that their
trust submit their application for
announcement housing reservations to the Alumni Office by monday, May 10. Miss Mary Jones,
alumni secretary, will begin main,
ing assignments on that date.
on Monday, May 17, seniors may
Come to the Alumni Office to per‘.‘< l
up their assignment. Each senior
will be allowed space for two
guests in the college references,
calls and will pay for their guests‘
groups when the reservations are
picked up. Latercomers will haven
money get you 2 if you bet on
 
to take their chances.
-:- Animal Life, -:-
By Don scratch
warning any major assets, andy‘
major they would have to be,
Clark will win the IM softball
crown. That’s hardly a searching
prediction after the way they
polished of: previously unbeat—.
en East, ll-2 last week on Pig-l,
say~l’m’sorry. i mean enables
Field. The only time the game
was close was just before the
empire called, “Play hall.” ‘
Clark has a slightly amazing;
outlined—in fact, all they needs
are let: grants and Tom Hill
out there, air't too many tiles
what are join’ by. But there's
still nearly half the season yet,
to be played, though 5 will‘
Clark, ‘
In IM golf, it was West,
Clark, and liable in the tops
three spots. Medalist honors of
the journey went to East’s Elliott highs, whose 39-38. 77 to»1
tax, was 3 strikes ahead of the
nearest bid.
The track meet Will be coming along any day now Top
place in that contest should get
to the same team that came i
second in golf, and who I said
Will probably win softball.
Graduate in inventory
cruises Teens at Flood
The following is an excerpt
from a letter from Marilyn jersey, ’61, who is teaching irii
inventory. The letter was
dated May 2, 1965,
“The flood is the big stores
here. And the transfers have‘
really fought the flood. despite
the observations of those four
Grinnell kids (article in last
Friday’s 5&8.) E v e ry o no
around here knows how hard‘
they’ve worked, and they are
definitely tD be commented ' ‘
 
FOR RENT:
APARTMENT
4 rooms and both, private entrance. Also. 3 in i, Phone
6-6494.
 
 
AHRVANO’S
Keep in mind, 1M cocks, that
this Sunday is Mother’s Day. It
has occurred to me that we
really ought to do something
special for this Mother's Day.
What do you say we invite all
those who can make it to the
Campus Sunday night, and stage
a real, honest-toagocdness water
fight for them? Wouldn't (they be
impressed at the closer ways we
let on our excess energy?
Wouldn’t they just “ooo” and
“aaa” when they saw how we
can throw water millions out or
windows and off of the Cowles
archive rod 7 And then, to cap
off the iestiv es in grand style,
why don't we give it the old college try, and see if we can
cover the whole logged wall with
one big cake of mud? GO to it,
 
Page women
cross Baseball Team
roses Pair of Games
By Jim Wilson
Alter being shut out by C05
last Friday 5-0, the Grinnell
freshmen baseball team drop-
;per its final game to Cornell 7-5.
in the Cornell game this Pioneers, who have been hurt by
their lack oi hitting power, output Cornell 8-6, but numerous er-
.ross allowed Cornell to score
their seven runs, all of which
were unsigned,
Greg Dean started both
games [or the trash Pioneers
but had to be believed by Greg
ericsson in the Cornell game.
This was the last game for
the fresh who finished the sea»
lion with an 0-3 record
Make your car feel like new
With a Tune-Up
l—
 
a variety
of daughters
and cookies
”'5 STORAGE
TIME
Store Your payments in
Lion of future research require,
meets in the held of radiation-l
ogy. .
On May 13, Graham will add‘
dress the Iowa chapter or Lhel chicken —— sandwiches — pizza
Society or American computers
at the organization's annual,
FREE DELIVERY
5:30 - 1:00
bouquet at Yellow River State
Forest near McGl‘agor. lie will
discuss natural root~training as
a factor in forest ecoiag
STORAGE VAULT
lN GRINNELL
1. it’s safe
2. It’s convenient
3. ”’5 ecological
Serving BothNorth and South
Campus Agencies
Guaranteed the hottest delivering in
town by our all new warming equipment
IE 6-6222 — IN THE IOWLADROME
 
 
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. May 7. I965
 
Two Baseball Games gained jul;
Pioneers Will Be
With raised out of games with
Cornell on Tuesday and Knox on
Wednesday, the Grinnell Pioneer baseball nine will close its
schedule next week with one.
and possibly two or three, tiles.
Coach John deutsch's crew
will host joe, the present leader in the Midwest Conference’s
Southern Division, at 3 (am.
Wednesday. The Cornell and
Knox games may or may not
be made up Monday and/or
Tuesday, depending on the progress of the additional race.
The Pioneers are currently
4-5 in the loop and 4—1 overall.
some Next Week
penny Hanssen will get the
first Call on the found. The
big righthander hash’t given up
an earned run all spring, Winner of three games against one
loss, he has turned 27 ratings,
permitted only ll) hits, three
runs, and eight walks, and has
registered 38 strikeouts.
In his four ratings, he has
posted a no-better, a lrhitter, a
4whether, and a 5-better.
Should the Cornell and/or
Knox ratings be rescheduled,
Dave Schatz and Barry M. Anderson will be next in line for
found work.
 
Relay Teams Lead
With Seconds and
The Pioneer track team continued its season last Saturday
with a north place in the college division of the cleveland
delays at Lamoni, Three relay
teams and two pole counters
announced for the courtesy
points the Pioneers scored.
Three of the Grinnell relay
teams were able to pick up a
pair of seconds and a third.
The two—mile team of John
jersey, back Winholtz, Paul
batteries, and Bob Dyer covered the course in 8:00A to take
second.
* HOBO
Pioneer Trackmen
Third of cleveland
The other second place, in a
time of 3' .D, was taken by
the spain-wesley quarter of
Mike Dewitt, slide Smith, Bob
Watt, and John TePaske.
The one-mile relay team of
Watt, batteries, Dewitt, and
TePaske took third with a time
of 13:32.0.
In the pole vault Walt real
took third and slide Smith
fourth. They both cleared 12-6,
but real had fewer missed.
The track team’s next meet
is at the Elmhurst delays in
Elmhurst, Illinois, on Saturday.
 
ENO’S PIZZA ‘
Now has Two New Sandwiches
SPECIAL
Ground Beef — Home Made Italian Sauce
* HERO
malawi — Ham — Chem -— Len-m — Tomato — Dressing
Also a New Pizza
* HAM
Now Serving Sandwiches
Seven Days a Week
FREE DELIVERY
oooo'ooo
too...
 
Open: 4-2 Fri. 81 Sat.
4-1 Sum-Thu s.
‘ Pl-l. 236-6334
All
F r
By Steve Casey
As the spring sports season heads into the home stretch,
the Pioneer golf team looks like the best bet to bring a conference crown to Grinnell. After an opening loss to Iowa
State 61/2 - 8V2, the linksmen have shipped off six straight
victorian, including five conference wins.
The golf team’s one non-conference win was over brake
141/2-Vr. The list of conference victims includes plymouth
14V2-l/2, joe 131/2-1V2, Beloit 16-8, and Carleton 9-6. The Pioneers also amended, on Tuesday, their one defeat of last year
with an 11-4 win over Cornell.
The last four matches for the Pioneers that were played
here on Friday, Saturday, and Tuesday give a good picture
of the team.
On Friday the Pioneers beat Beloit 16-8. In the individual
competition three golferSADave Sellergren, Ted sister, and
Dave Shellenbargerawon while Eric Miller tied. In the 2-man
best ball competition Sellergren and sister also won their
match.
On Saturday the Pioneers had a big triangular meet with
brake and Carleton. Against brake all five Grinnell holders
—sister, Sellergren, Mike Miller, Eric Miller, and Jeff boolean—noticed victorian in the root. sister, Sellergren, and
Mike Miller also won in the match with Carleton as the
Pioneers ran away with the meet victory. In this meet sister
also took medalist honors with a 70 While Sellergren and
Mike Miller both had 723.
On Tuesday the holders had a match with Cornell and
shipped them easily. sister, Sellergren, Eric Miller, and
Dave Shellenbarger all won in this meet.
Among the six holders on the team, three are now interested and only one, the sixth man on the team, is under .500
in dual meet competition. The three interested linksmen
are number one man Ted sister with a 5-0-2 record, number
two man Dave Sellergren with a 7-0 record and number
'five man Dave Shellenbarger
with a 5-0 record.
Number three man Mike
Miller and number four man
Eric Miller have 43 and 4-2
records respectively. .1 e ff
boolean, ,,who shares the
number five spot with Shellenbarger, has a 1-2 record.
The holders will finish
their season with the conference meet at Knox next weekend. I do not want to put a
jinx on the team by prediction
a victory. But the fact is that
it will take a minor miracle
to keep this team from finishing near the top in the
standings.
As coach carroll J anchor of
Carleton said after the Pioneers shipped his team's three
match Winning stream: “Grin
well will be the team to beat
in the conference meet.”
...55¢
...60¢
50 $ 25
‘ 5" I z IRIDES
make plans new for sun
special day.
or running a soul In. in». a
down: a. trio. and
mandarin.
* rental Ion! u. Linonl. IIIVOI'
III‘ In" «ulpmm do! your
mcpwlu.
*7 Ingram lnvlmlonu.
Mrs. having Fishman
no: cum! Drlu
Phone IMAM? mu 5 M.
Reginald todd
Consultant
 
 
helmet Beat simon,
lose to lawrence
The Grinnell variety tennis
team was on the tennis courts
from 9:00 am. until 6:30 p.m. last
Saturday. The Pioneers met both
Ripnn and Lawrence on Grinnell'l
courts.
simon was supposed to he the
touched oi the two schools, but the
Pioneers won four of six singles
matches and two of three counter
to win 6-3.
Winning for the Pioneers were
Greenfield (No. 3). picks (No. 4)
lovely (No. 5) and Kinsey (No, a).
Grinnell's second douglas team of
Clymer and Greenfield, a conference title threat, won in three sets
as did the third douglas team of
lovely and fortune Clymer and
Greenfield have not lost a douglas
match since the season opened at
Carleton.
The afternoon match against
Lawrence proved touched on the
Pioneers. Grinnell managed to will
only one singles match outright.
Clymer (No. 2) won 6-1, M, 64.
Mike Greenfield, playing his second marathon match of the day,
agreed to terminals play after two
sets in order to begin douglas play.
Greenfield Won the ﬁrss set 11-9,
but lost the second set 7,9,
In douglas, the Pioneers almost
sweet simon. Clymer and Greeniield won again, as did norton and
lovely in three sets. But Shannon
and picks, playing No. l douglas.
were unable to defeat their simon
opponents, despite a victory in the
first set.
The ﬁnfl score DI the Lawrence
contest was Lawrence 51/2, Grinnell 3I/2.
The nutten are playing at Belolt
today. If they continue to play
good tennis, they should have little trouble with Beloit. The Pioneers have one more match before the conference match. On
Monday, the nutten interface
Iowa State on the Grinnell courts.
ISU is covered.
Honor G Awards
Mike Dewitt Wednesday night
was named the David Theophilus
Trophy winner as the outstanding
196465 achieve at Grinnell, and
slide Smith was given the first
George B. Critchett service
award.
The awards were presented at
the annual Honor G yesterday's
club bouquet.
Hill Contest Winners
John Black and Cherie joined won top honors in the 74th
annual Hill Speaking contest
last week.
Judy speed and before McIntyre tied for second place in
the women’s contest, while Ray
Horn and Dick ready Captured
second and third respectively
in the men's contest.
HAPPY
BlhrHoAY.
JEAN
 
