There will be no
5&3 next Friday. However, an S&B will great
you on Friday, Feb. 5, or
as soon thereafter as you
return from your independent study.
Gr'shell College
, /
Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXH
Grinnell. iowa, Friday, January 22, 1965
No. l4
For seniors and seniors
with worried about JLA
and comes, we recommend that you dial this
number; 6-6169.
 
Soviet System Evolves
In womenﬁend lectures
Dr. Zbigniew K. Brzezinski, director of the Research Institute on
Communist Affairs at Columbia
University, will deliver the annual
womenﬁend Lecture Series at print
well Sunday-Tuesday, Jan. 231-26,
Dr. Brzezinski will deliver three
lectures on the topic “The Evolu‘
“on of the Soviet System of Government." The schedule:
Sunday, 8 p.m. — “Character of
Leadership,”
Weisberg Concert
Set for Saturday
Five modern works will be
played by the Contemporary
Chamber Ensemble. conducted
by Arthur Weisburg, in a program at Grinnell tomorrow.
The performance will be hiv<
en at 8 pm. in Roberts Theatre,
as a feature of the college’s annual Concert Series and also
as a special event during the
annual interim session,
The program, for which advance reservations are required, will include lincoln
Castiglionl’s ”drops,” restrict
within's “Parameters for Eight
Instruments,” Karlheinz Stockhausen’s “Zeitmasse,” main
Hamilton’s “nextel," and Meyer Kupferman's “Infmites
Twelve.”
Organized especially to give
performances of 20thrcentury
music, from Stravinsky and
Hindemith to Boulez and Stockhausen, the Contemporary
Chamber Ensemble also gives
special attention to commissioners new works by outstanding young computers, such as
the within work to be played
here.
Instrumentation for the ninemember group includes route.
oboe, English horn, clarinet,
bass clarinet, passion, violin,
yioluncello, and piano.
Besides being called upon
often to play new music in
New York, the Ensemble has
performed repeatedly at the
Library of Congress and for
Chamber music societies in
Baltimore The group has also
appeared at the University of
Chicago, the University of Illinois, Harvard, Chatharn Col-
‘legs, and Washington driver—
site in St. Louis, In addition to
their stops at Grinnell, the
group will play at telephony
College, Carleton College, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Wells College, FennsyL
valid State University, and the
University of Wisconsin this
year.
 
Monday, 11 am. — “Acquisition
of Power,"
Tuesday, 11 am. — “Groups and
Policy Making.”
All lectures will be in service
Chapel.
In addition, Dr. Brzezinski will
speak at an international Relations
Club coffee hour at 4:15 pm, Monday in the South Lounge of The
College Forum. ,
Selected as one of the country’s
10 outstanding young men of 1963
by the us. Junior Chamber at
Zbig view Brzezinski
Commerce, Dr, Brzezinski has
traveler behind the Iron certain
nine times during the past decade
hand has gathered and co-gathered
several books on Soviet and Communist politics, Included is “The
Soviet Bloc — Unity and Conﬂict,”
the first major work including
businesses of the Communist blog.
It is used in many American col-
' pages.
A consultant for the United
States State Department, Dr. Brzezinski is the principal author of a
special study on “theology and
Foreign Affairs" made {or the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,
He has also contributed articles
to many American peripherals and
has been attacked in a number of
Communist journals for his “broken" ideas.
A native of Poland, Dr. Brzezinl
ski, now 36. came to the United
States in 1938 and was educated
at MCGill University in Canada
and at Harvard University. He has
been on the Columbia faculty since
1960 and now holds the rank of
professor of government.
Started in 1934 by the late Mrs.
Meyer Roseniield of Des points,
the Roseniield Lectureship annual<
1y brings to Grinnell distinguished
guest speakers in the field of international affairs, Chester Bowles,
Pierre gender France, and Justice William 0, Douglas have been
recent Roseniield centuries.
 
Used Book loop
Debuts Monday
A Student book cool will be
set up beginning Monday,
Feb. 25. The project, sponsored by an SGA committee
is set up as a service for the
campus.
signs Hansen, chairman of
the committee said, “We felt
there was a need for a service
to provide students with reasonable and consistent process as
well as a convenient, central location for buying and selling
used books," in explaining the
purpose of the cool,
The cool will operate from
Monday until the beginning of
second semester in room 23 of
ARH from 2:30 until 4:00 p.m,
through Friday, If there is sun<
violent demand, it will also be
open on materials and for a
week into the second semester.
It will handle books that will
be used for courses next semester, Miss Hansen explained.
However, she said, a bulletin
board will be provided for
books that are for sale but not
required for courses next se—
master, The cool will handle
both paper back and hard back
books.
Books will be bought and sold
in three categories, depending
on the condition of the book.
All prices will be based on the
current College Book Store
prices for new books.
Books in excellent condition,
with little or no determining
will be bought at 70 per cent
of the new price and sold at 85
per cent of the price.
Books in good condition, but
with determining and writing
will be bought at 55 per cent of
the new price and sold at 70
per cent,
Books in poor condition, with
loose binding, or a considerable amount of marking in
them will be bought at 40 per
cent of the new price and sold
at 55 per cent.
Miss Hansen explained that
a certain amount of mark—up is
necessary in order to operate
the cool, and hopefully to continue it as a sell~supporting,
potentially independent open
union from semester to semester.
The cool is being run by a
committee, headed by Miss
Hansen, whose members are
volunteering their time. The
other members are Bill Mohr—
man, Paul Thurston, Sue Johnson and word true.
The operation Will be an overthercounter, closed stack bush—
news, at least in this first semester of its operation, Miss
Hansen said. There will be no
fax' 'ties available for book
COOPContinued on Page 5
 
Interim Begins Today,
Offers Informal Study
Opportunities for independent
study, group discussion, and
recreation for any number
have been provided for this
year’s interim session running
today through Feb. 7.
Independent study is left to
the student, but much of the
interim time has been set aside
for lectures relating to the interests and needs of the classes.
Sophomores are offered a series of lectures to interactive
various subjects they have taken as preparation for Junior
Liberal Arts examinations. Professor Joseph Schwab of the
University of Chicago will
speak on "What Do Scientists
Do?" next Wednesday, “What
Do biological Do?” on hours
day, and “What Do Personality
Theorists Say?" on Friday.
These lectures will be followed
by discussions. Richard service (art) and Richard Howe
(music) will talk about what
professional work an artist does
outside the classroom the
morning of Feb. 1. That afternoon James message (English)
and Raymond tests (history)
will discuss the professional
work or the humanity. Tuesday,
Feb. 2, Miss Lathrop deals
(sociology) and Harold Fletcher (political science) will talk
about the work of a social scientist and Beryl Clotfelter
(physics) and Guillermo vendors (biology) will explain the
work of natural scientists.
For freshmen, the program
includes two parts. Wayne C.
Booth, professor of Literary
Criticism at the University of
Chicago, will give a series of
lectures on “Modern Literature as sculpture.” Tuesday,
starts the lectures with ”The
Author as Prophet." “The
Novel of Spiritual Quest" will
be given Wednesday. Thursday‘s lecture, the third and last
oi the group, will be on “What
Can I Make of Such Stuff?”
or, “What to Do Until the Meta
aphysician Comes."
The second part of the freshman program requiring the
reading of the Aeneid will re
late directly to Humanities I
and prepare students for Humanities II and Historical Studies 1. Monday Feb. 1, Al Jones
(history) and Morris Parslow
(French) will lead discussion;
Tuesday John prospect (classical languages) and Edward
Foster (English) will speak,
Seniors have no scheduled
lectures so that they may do—
vote their time to final preparation for their comprehensive
major examinations. seniors,
 
similarly, will prepare for
their Liberal Arts examinations. Both comes and the JLA
will be given Jan. 3-4.
economics Granted
Economic $17,000
Robert H. coleman (economics) has been awarded a $17,000 stockings Institution research professionals for the
1965-66 academic year.
coleman received the grant
for a research project entitled
“An Analysis of the Differential Impact of Alternative Public Expenditures on the Em<
ployment of Labor, Capital, and
Regional Resources."
coleman will be on leave
from Grinnell during the year
and will begin research on the
project in the summer of 1965.
He will be headquartered in
Washington, D. C.
Primary purpose of coleman’s study is to evaluate the
extent to which alternative public expenditures draw resources
from among those who would,
in the absence of the expenditure, remain unexpected,
The basic data used in the
study will be project contract
and cost information available
from public records, From this
data, the total direct and indirect demands generated by the
expenditure will be obtained.
With this information, the 101losing questions will be investigated in three separate
stages:
1. To what extent do the alternative expenditures draw
labor from categories (skills,
occupations) displaying high
levels or unemployment?
2. To what extent do the expenditures require as inputs the
outputs of industry greetings
displaying substantial excess
capacity?
3. What is the impact of the
alternative expenditures by
type and location on the utilize<
tion of regional resources?
coleman, a member of the
Grinnell faculty since 1962,
holds a 1958 B. A, degree from
Calvin College and a 1963 PI],
D, from Vanderbilt University.
ADDRESS HEREI
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. January 22, was
 
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Glinnell. low:
A weekly newspaper published such buddy or the col.
use year by the Grinnell Committee on Student implications. Represented for national advertising by National Ad»
vertislng SerVice, inc.. College Publishers Representative,
is eusr such Street, New York 22. NY. Second class sub
hgc paid m Grinnell, down. suhscn ion late 5500 per
school year, i,ssl paid subscriptions,
John won
Harold susan
susan. nyiur
Wayne S|edge|
, Steve Casey
Tom Hlﬂmain
, . . 5m Hey
Ann show-list, nancy Gramko, Pam city,
susan manner, Ami. rhmr, nudity Wallace,
Dick shade, Sue running, mug iviccominc
SPORTS neronrsns . .. .. . newton ciymer. D|ck Luveu.
Nick Non-is. riiui rriu
., John w, Johnson, w. Chandler Mailman,
Rick relief. .lion stcphrus
minor ,. ,, , ,.
BUSINESS MANAGER ..
NEWS EDITOR
FEATURE EDITOR
scores common , .
non PHOTOGRAPHER
EXCHANGE zm—box
strengths
lUSlNESS sure .
We're Game
We were told by last year’s staff that it we wanted to
make any innovations on the 5&3, we had better make them
right away or we’d get sidetracked by the million details involved in getting out a paper every week.
We liked a lot of things about the old paper. In fact, we
kept the old namespace. But we have made several changes
and hope to make a few more before we’re through with our
independent study.
We have a couple view columnists, a cartoonist, an exchange editor, and an editor singing through old papers for
items that could Just as easily have taken place today.
We have fine new offices in the Forum; the inner office
has cork»board walls just like the Forum lobby, and the outer
offices have a view of the construction for the science building addition to the north.
We are using the new newspaper, which, if you compare it
disciplinary with the paper used in last semester’s issues,
dress't look quite so yellow. It will be in permanent use
except for a couple weeks around the beginning of March
while the printer wants for a new shipment.
We’ve put sports on the last two pages, because that’s
where the sports editor thinks sports should be.
We have a portable tape recorder with which we hope to
do much of our intel'Vlewmg this year. You know, like US.
News and World Report and Playboy.
We have an editorial this week, but we can‘t promise one
every week. We don’t think there will be an issue of importance every week, but when something juice comes up we
want to take plenty of time on it.
For those of you who would like to know our policy,
we will consider being more irreverent, more responsible,
more intellectual, more interesting, more vital, more untitled,
more thorough, more prospective. But all we can promise is
that we will be more game. ..
David Lighlbourne
letters to Mother
“Yeah, well,
I'm headed for the union at about 10:30 one
 
Shades of Gray
The liberal Art
By Carl Otis Gray
it seems that holidays the his thing is the “how
to“ book. Helen survey Brown, Norman Vincent
deals, Dale Carnegie, Charles Atlas and a score of
others have set down on paper the various rules and
instructions for making everything team muscles to
men. Far from being on the outside at such a last
growing enterprise, i think that degrees should meet
the challenge of the stories and come out with their
own “how to” book.
Although the table of Contents of such a book
would ﬁll more space than is available in this column, i'd like to briefly give a situation of one
charts- that; might be included. Chapter xxx—
The College metro, it is one of the healthy chapters but of great interest to all young people at
color from Cambridge to Oxford (American versions).
"Being a metro on campus is simply not enough,"
says What Every Young metro Should Know. “You
must be a liberal metro." This means many dutiful
hours of practice and patients for this great goal
cannon be achieved in one reading. “The liberal Ne«
pro is truly a thing to be advised. and in ten days
you can achieve activation at your friends.
the education or your parents, and complete mystery or human nature — or your money back."
First, the problem is to establish your specsﬁc
pose; there are three approaches: 1) Angry Young
Man—hate your society, protest against it, start a
young societies league; 2) Le peter Buurgems Noir
— accept your society, become part of it 7 as
template completely; a) Athlete~by far the best ap<
breach—everybody loves command when you're on
the football field nobody's going to care Whether
you're a metro or not—make sure you stay on the
football fields.
Regardless of which approach you choose, several basic rules must be opened First. all displays oi
sensitivity to the word (and we won’t mention it)
must be stitledvit's best in look starting and say
“Where? Where?” Next, learn to gangbang dance
well, everybody counts on you to keep already of
the latest tunes and steps so that they can watch you
and then go to their rooms and practice in secret
until they've perfectly it. Next, be curious about
things that you've never come into contact with
before—tried chicken, waterproof, Dixie beach, and
even other degrees! Read Ebony; chauvinism,
dress’t hurt it it's done with grace. Always keep
an old leslie or Billie Holiday 78 handy just in
case somebody wants one~it you don't have one.
you’re looked on as some sort of break. Every now
and then slip some small bit of “the talk" into the
conversation—"Yes, we were all quite yellow.“ or
“Man, I declare that daniel IS quite a low."—lt
never parts and you get the reputation for being
glib and kitty. Most important, approach the world
with a “loan of Arc oi the cocktail party" attitude
eastern yourself at coffee hours and at lunch
tables, Hate games Baldwin and gamma Davis
With a passion. lt always helps to have some ties
with “the old country,” speak at great vatican
leaders with carefully rehearsed intimate —. “Well
cams and respond were visiting Krummy — Mr.
Nkruma to you . Talk about the great degrees
in American sister push planet butter. Know
what the editorial policy oi the Pittsburgh Courier
is; keep “let" in your back pocket. Show them
mat deep down inside, you’re really one of them—
learn an psi'aeli tolksong or two. Show them that
if they’re not prescribed you're not—try out for
the lead in a Strindberg or laser play. Do the
things they doisunbathel Deny metro sexual supervision opened, but believe it in your heart.
Most important,' it you wish to be both successful
and popular, never write a column on civil rights—
then they call you an “Uncle Tom.”
 
Needed: Go-better type
young college students to
work on the 58:3 business
staff, Ad salesmen, circulation assistance, and general
do-holders badly needed. No
experience necessary. Take
advantage of this opportunity by calling the son ofﬁce
(ext. m) or putting a note in
the SM! box
it dress't matter. l'ni zero on
night, just passing South counter, when this red
roulette polls up and the driver sticks his head
out the Window.
"Hey, man, where's the action?”
i consider monitoring Langan Hall, but then
notice his California license plates and realize he
worlds't appreciate a local joke. By this time he's
out at the car, shipping his fingers and doing a
little (lance in the snow. He‘s got a white cat coat
and a long red scary that matches his car. He’s
h-deadly. so I ingratiate hiin.
“Follow me. it's finals, man, but maybe we can
tools over to the union and muscle some dollars anyWay.”
"groove.”
So we’re off, taking me shortcut across the
show through the gap between the science building
and the women’s gym. I’ve got last week’s copy
of Time under my arm and I'm making quick references in it during our conversation.
“ln [he light Of our equipment insouclance, ah
(wrong page), what's your bag, man?”
‘OliWUW, put some words on me! Man, I swing
out on the big guitar. Rock stamp cool shake teen
top mother love pepsi-cold top. You know, man,
E cuortl rock. I tour with scale and the brakes ”
wedding closely, 1 consider the sex. “Llsien man,
maybe there's something better happening downtown, that is it you dig on beer and towns girls."
“N0, mini. l Can't hack that- stuff. Bad for the
good liver."
coins right now anyway."
We're approaching the lights oi The Forum, and
we can hear the music from the jukebox through
the window. This means two things. First. they
haven't locked the doors lately, and second. they
haven’t turned the jukebox down yet.
“While you’re traveling around, do you ever
catch the Righteous Brothers on “shindig,“ man?”
We’re inside and I'm moving toward the door to
the North lounge. -,
“Yeah, choose. but let's make it in here first."i
He's beginning w the grill. “1 got to get the good
girls picked out." ‘
inside, the grill has its usual scattering at people. Not very created tonight. A girl l've been limiting all year is coming toward us to leave. she's
very pretty; maybe she’d like to dance. But my
friend has updated a girl with rather hair, sitting
alone in a far corner.
“Hey, baby," he waves, “What'd ya hear from
your hair?" He's shooting as he moves toward her
spyware of the people sharing at him. They lnll‘O-‘
price each dollar, and has quickly got her into a‘
conversation,
It's time for me to slip away, looking like I've
forgotten something important. But l‘m curious
about the girl With the posted hair. She can‘t be a
student, and I thought the Forum region discouraged
considers. She must be somebody’s daughter.
(TO BE CONTINUED)
 
 
 
Friday. January 12. ms
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page rural
 
Paul Roberts
Roberts Rules Of Disorder
“Toyl’and, holland/wonderful little girl and holland." How many times during the recent holidays
did you hear that sweet, innocent terrain? But, have
you visited holland recently? 1 have an eight year
old brother for whom I wishes to buy a present,
so during the vacation i found myself walking
largely into holland
“Why, hello there young college man," said a
bright, young clerk wearing a searched variation
and a star‘chef Smile. “May I be of some assistance?"
“Well, yes,” i said partner dumbiy, feeling quite
ensure or myself in his awesome presence. ”I’m
looking for a Christmas present {or an eight
year old."
"How nice. Now is he more interested in con-
\end'0n€ll W ‘fax‘e ot' generally airfare?"
“No, I think baseball is his interest, you See he's
only eight years old and . .
“Don’t be silly," he marked imperiousiy. “Now
our store IS divided into conventional, guerilia,
atomic, and old mentioned welfare. Where would
you like to start?”
“But is that all you have?”
My guide stopped in midsenteiice and looked
at me with pure contents, “Is that all we have?
I want you to know that McNamara's Department
Store has the most complete stock of toys in town.
For example, there inn’t another store in town that
has this one,” and he lovingly hired a gun from it's
rack "This is an exact duplicate of the latest atomic
baghdad title that is being used in view Nam by
our advisors — for self defense only, ol course.
Or, ii you don’t think your brother would like that,
take this one over herﬁ. This is the (last, fastest,
most modern device in the field of fine, last.
modern death. Secret government reports say that
this weapon can wide out a small village in less
than . .
By this time I wash't hearing much. i had rendered away i-porn my ordinance officer and was
busy looking for a baseball grove or something.
it was while wondering aimlessly in the blow gun
department that I updated a little old lady Whom
I felt sure would be able to help me, “garden me,
little old lady," I said, "But I'm looking (or a
Christmas present for my eight year old brother
and I don't want an atomic baghdad title or a
secret weapon.”
“Well, young college man," she said greatly.
much as my own transmitted might have, “I
think i can help you. What you want is one or our
latest games."
“Oh yes, yes," I said with relief. “A game." And
Rights Work. llnyone'.l
See Addresses Below
Southern summer projects for
students increase in scope and
effectiveness each year. College Chaplain Roger Eldridge
has a list of specific projects
memories of Monopoly on the Screenednln front
north on a daily day and checkout by the firewire
with Dad came flooring back to me
”Now here is the latest thing in multiple pal"
ticipant games. it can he played with two to eight
players and all the pieces are included."
“Yes, yes, that Sounds line"
”We call this one Megadeath. You see, the red
army tries to annihilate the blue army While at
the same time presenting enough of an atomic
storehouse and enough term boobs to keep the
yellow army at boy. or course as your brother becomes more adopt at Megadeath he’ll be able to
processors visit. Return. Named. .
0n Absence Leaves for Semester
Appointment of two visitingi
processors to the Grinnell Col—
legs faculty for the second semester or the current academic
year has been announced.
They are:
Robert Caamano, Whitneya
copyright visiting professor of
music.
Donald A, movie, visiting professor or English,
A professor-elect at the Unln
version of Essex, movie lies‘
Philip S, Thomas, (econom‘
its), who has been on the staff
of the Institute of Development Economics at hitachi,
Pakistan, since June, 1963i
Leaves have been approved
for four faculty members next
semester.
H. George Apostle (mathematics) will Complete translation and compensation of
“Metaphysics of printable."
This is the first Oil in series of
play the nerve gas license against the red army thus I been a lectures at the driver—iapproximately l5 translations of
enabling .....
Now when l was a kid we played coupons and!
Indians and killed Each other. But when I was a
kid, a dead cowboy or Indian counted to ten, came
back to lite, and went on playing the game. I mean,'i
when you were shot with a bow and suctioncup arﬂ
row or an oldnfasliioned, cap-shooting six-full that
never had any caps, it wash’t too hard to imagine
coming back to llle, But what kid has the imagination to count to ten (or even twenty). come back
to lite and go on playing the game after being
shot with atomic budgets, bombed with hydrogen
boobs, motivated with nuclear boobyntraps, and
evaporated with neutral rays?
>I< >1< >.<
state cigarette smoke and binary eyes gave the
scene a death—like taylor . . .
“I’ve got a ﬁnfl tomorrow about which i know
nothing, absolutely nothing. i thought i was martin'
for the last one, but this, boy ."
“Listen, I have three novels to read for tomorrow’s
final, and one of those is Ship of tools, so you've got
nothing to worry about compared to me."
“You two should worry. I have two finals day
after tomorrow and one oi those counts 90% of my
grade—and it's in my major field. I don’t even know
what the reading assignments were for this somewhere
In fact, I'm not really sure Who my professor is.”
”I think I had one this morning, so you three
haven’t got half the profiles I do. Frankly, I think
finals should be published. They put entirely too
much pressure on the students. Kids go crazy they
study so hard for 'em, and besides they rain their
health staying up late at night studying. God, what
do they think we are kids that we need to have
a final exam to get us to work? Say, whose bid is
it?"
“I think it’s yours.”
“Oh, yeah. Three hearts . . a"
/
21, Over? Grinnell to Give You Free
Certificate of Age,
Identification cards for students
over twenty-one soon will be may»
line the Grinnell scene. Dean dildo
smaller announced this week.
Picture Included
those plans. Now five weeks in development, the first batch is expected any day from the printer
for distribution,
Chief oi Grinnell's police, Bill
from Massachusetts to Texas
A list of recruiting organizations for human rights programs appears below
Mr. William Strickland
Northern Student Movement
73 Morningside Dr.
New York, New York
Mr. Norman Hill
Congress on Racial Equality
38 Park Row
New York, New York 10038
The Rev. Andrew Young
Southern Christian Leadership Movement
334 Auburn Avenue
Atlanta 3, Georgia
Summer Project committee
Council of generated Organizations
£017 lunch Street
Jackson, Mississippi 39208
The cards will bear pictures of
their owners for the purpose of
easy, accurate discrimination, but,
although one is being printed for
each young adult on campus. possession will be strictly voluntary.
Suggested by city officials, the
was to be done during Christmas
access, but Dean Walker's autumn-
Peterson, in an interview transit
admitted the possibility that some
coverage students are using false
identification to Obtain alcoholic
drinks and said that the new ID's
might add to the problem that is
cards are of no special interest to :35 01d 2‘5 beer "SE”the college itself, according top,
Dean Walker. Printing originally I tablishments will demand the IDS
lfor proof or age, however, Dean
When asked whether local es-
Walker could only answer, “1 pre-
file accident delayed fulfillment of l some they will."
 
Collum's
 
DON'T SLIP on SPIN!
gel' Alias Snow Tires
FROM
STANDARD
‘III’
 
unity or Cambridge the past sixi
years. He holds B. A., M. A.,‘i
nd Ph. D. degrees from Came:
:l'edge and has also served as}
a Visiting professor at the Uni-i
version of California, (rental
Barbara) and as a lectures at,
Trinity College or Dublin Uni-I
version, ireland. Listed in Who's,
Who I963, movie has written;
numerous books, both poetry
and prove.
Two additional appointments}
for the second semester are}
Martha H. Fletcher, assistant!
in French, and David L. Palm»
er, assistant in history.
Mrs. Fletcher holds a B. A.
degree from the University of
California (Berkeley) and certificates from the University of
Paris.
A 1962 graduate of Grinnell,
Palmer is completing work toward his M, A, degree at the
University of Iowa, While studying at the U. of L, Palmer also
served as a research assistant
and research associate. At Grinneil, he was elected to Phi Beta
happy in l962.
Four faculty members will be
returning from leaves. They
are:
kirk Baay (German), who
served as a Fulbrightaﬂass
visiting lectures at huntington
College, Suacoco, Liberia, the
past two computers.
Joseph D. Dantorth (chemistry), who has been working in
Paris the last semester With
the UNESCO Science TeachingSection.
red Donahoe (speech and‘i
theatre), who has been at Le
wayne College one semester
teaching and helping develop
the college’s drama report-
 
event.
FREE DELIVERY
printable's
Apostle.
Andrew F. Brown (German),
Will go to Germany to work on
a book about U. E. hosting. an
18th century German crisis,
theologian, and dramatist,
Howard R. paris (music).
will study contemporary italian
music in italy with several
noted computers and musicians.
One or them is Luciano mario,
who recently composed a work
for Grililiell College and attend
ed its world premiere by the
xerox quarter here last December.
Richard B. Young (men's
physical education) will continue graduate study at California State College at Los Angeles.
Year-long leaves will con.
since for five faculty members,
John C. watson (economics)
is conducting research at the
London School of Economics
under a stockings Institution
professionals.
Receiving special training in
psychotherapy at the Merrilh
Palmer Institute in Michigan is
Vladimir A. Dupre (psyclml‘
033')
Seymour Katz (English) is researchers the fiction of Nathaniel Hawthorne at Harvard University.
Paul A. L, Smith (political
science) is serving as a faculty
fellow with the Democratic National Committee in Washington, D. C.
At the University of Gotham
burn, Sweden, Joseph F. Walt
(history) is assistant the uniVersity in establishing an
American studies major and is
also teaching American history.
work planned by
When Deeply Involved In
That Interim Study project
TAKE A
BREAK
with or
, PIZZA
From
, DENO'S
Don't forget those SUBMARINES
on Mon. and Wed.
FREE DELIVERY
Nlte _ 7-i2 p. .
 
“99 Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, January 22. ms
 
Three Sophomores to Participate
In Congressional
lIlhree sophomores, all of
them active in politics at both
"the Campus and county levels,
have been selected to participate in Grinnell College’s 1965
congressional internship pro—
gray.
The three, who will spend
this summer in Washington,
D. c., working with U. 5. compression, are Stephen Kent,
$lephen thunder, and George
iWittgraf.
Sponsored by the college’s
ogram in Practical Political
‘ duration, the internship pro<
ram is now in its sixth years
art interim have worked with
senators, compression, and
pressure groups.
Each student will work with
n compression for two months
beginning in early June and
will receive $700. They may
also have a chance to continue
their congressional work for a
“uni month after the ‘internship period is completed.
Kent has asked to work with
Rep. John Erlenborn, a Republican Iron-l Illinois‘ 14th (‘1 trick. A member of the Grin-
 
lnlern Program
well College Young Republican
Club for two years, Kent now
serves as its treasurer, and
was active in the 1964 special
and general election campaigns
in Poweshiek County, He has
also been active in GOP politics at home,
thunder, a Democrat, re
served a PPPE internship last
fall and served as a madison man
between campus Young Democrats and she Poweshiek County organization during the 1964
campaign. He has asked to
work with Rep. kidney rates,
a Democrat who represents
Illinois’ 9th district.
Also the recipient of a PPPE
internship last fall, Wittgraf, a
Republican, held a similar liaiSOn position between campus
and county GOP groups in the
1964 election. He too has been
active in politics at home and
has asked to work with Republican Rep. Clark McGregor of
Minnesota’s 3rd district.
C. admin Gilmour (political
science) plans while there to
meet with the three congress
men to complete final arrangements for the interesting
 
Mom Felherolf Recommends
Counsel Instead of situation
In the Editor:
My adult life is more transmit, more interesting, than that
of my youth, for l have learned
to say to myself, “Be still and
know mat God is."
Youth is the same today as
it was many yesterdays ago—
library, mistress, and pages for
life.
But if the adults don’t quit
trying to set up a pattern for
youth to follow, We are going
16 arrive at other chaos in nine
cases out of ten, youth creates
the problems of today because
of pressure brought on by
some people who think they are
wider and that they know all
the answers Some of the answers are all wrong.
The boy and girl standing on
the threshold Of life and adult—
hood report back to the youth
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
 
of past generationsr Basically
the problems are the same but
in larger productions. Cocktail
parties, Fort Lauderdale, cars,
etc, given by well-meaning (?)
people, will not make them de—
disable citizens in their own
world of youth or in the future
World of childhood
If we send out an 505‘ to
God, be we young or be we
old, we will get an answer providing we “be still and know
that God is." All can yet be well
him the world if all of us
pitch in and help. The potential
of our youth is great, but our
adult leaders must counsel instead of picture.
Mom Fetherolf
See U.S. with AFS,
Guide Bus Travel
Applications are still being
taken for American Field Service bus chaperones {or this summer. seniors and seniors, at
least twenty years old, in good
health, and U. s. citizens, may
be eligible to lead a group of
foreign high school students on
a bus tour in the U S. bemeen
June 25 and July in. To apply,
or for questions, contact Anne
Sprague (box 1046, ext. 255) or
Mike arrow (box 31, ext. 552)
by Jan. 24.
 
Cr EDWIN GILMOUR (political science] reforms (from the left] Stephen thunder, Georg.
Witigraf and Stephen Kent that they have been named winner: in the college l965 con-
emotional interim
ip program. All rim an sophomores.
 
Esperanto Features
Vocalist Yorbrougli
Folk music will once again
ring out in the Forum when
Martin Yarbrough enterprise
informally on the Esperanto
label on Saturday, January 30,
in the South Lounge. The Chi<
cage folk singer, graduate of
Old Town’s “Mother Blues,"
will present two varied performances at 9:30 and ”iii
Yarbrough will appear under
the auspices of Grinnell’s Esperanto series, illustrated last
year to provide professional
and semi-professional entertainment with an emphasis on
variety.
Responsible for Esperanto’s
organization, the 19-member
student F or u in Committee
stresses its information and
freedom from dating obligations. “Enthusiasm is high on
the part of the committee for
they see Esperanto as a way
to offer a wide assessment of
performing to the campus with
in the scope of their budget,"
noted Palmer party, social coordinator.
By remaining sensitive to
student opinion and suggest
tions, the Committee hopes to
season Esperanto and to continue to bring off-campus entertainment to the college com
munich.
Esperanto performances will
be scheduled about once a
month. Informal entertainment
by Grinnell students under this
program is a distinct possible-
 
its in the near future.
 
PASTRI ES
as you like +lies
Jimmy/1'1),
DANlSH MAID
From
 
Slide Lecture on IVS Tells Students
Aid Needed for Underdeveloped Lands
By Anne career
As most Grinnellians are
probably fully aware, when attending a lecture in student has
to gain understanding of the
topic under consideration by
feeling his imagination more
than by receiving physically
active evidence. Not so last
January 12 during a discussion
of foreign service and practical people to people programs
which was held in the Viewing
room. During the course of
events, one integral part of
which was viewing slides, the
slide feeding mechanism of the
projector went on the blink and
for all practical purposes any
further slide showing was print.
Did anyone give up? Did any
lose heart? Certainly not. Two
strong and ablerbodied former
Peace Corpsmen came to the
rescue and keeping in the spirit
of their parent organization and
really showing their stuff, revised a way to manually feed
the slides and processed to do
it, So on with the lecture:
Leading the proceedings was
Msgr. Edward O'source of Des
points, president of the board
of directors of International
Voluntary Services. He discussed the organization, which
was founded in 1953 and Was a
forerunner of the Peace Corps,
and its purpose to “develop our
man resources.” IVS now has
several hundred volunteers in
the field in twelve underdeveloped countries, giving technical
assistance and working to bring
the people together to work
out their problems. Real such
less for an IVSrer is achieved
if he can work himself out of
a job—if he can so calculate
 
the nations to take over his
activity and continue on with
their own development.
The concept behind IVS is the
same as that behind the Peace
Corps: after World War II the
US was quite successful with
its rehabilitation program for
warrdevastated countries, but
found that trying to apply the
same policies to countries
which haven't obtained the
same advanced level as those
countries of Western Europe is
a bit ridiculous: What was
needed is a practical program
of economic, technical, and
practical aid. IVS reprints and
sends out people to meet this
need—vigorous, reasonable, in—
testament volunteers who identify with, live with, and help the
people of raw underdeveloped
countries They are ”agents of
change”—by their work they
are changing the image of
America abroad, the concept of
foreign aid, and themselves
personally. It is in this latter
respect that Msgr. O’source
believes that the abilities and.
experience of volunteers—1V5,
Peace Corps or whatever—can
be most fully realized. Their
services need not end with their
work in a foreign country, for
when returning to the States
they can form a reserve of
leadership which could be valuable in many areas, from civil rights to urban firewall
Msgr. O'source’s talk was
followed by Ann Wright, printer] ’62 and IVS in diet Nam,
and Tom Kenwortby, Peace
Corps in Colombia, discussing
their respective programs and
IVS—
Continued on Page 5
 
_—_—________—
Happy Birthday, Albert
We hope it was heavenly
Albert Schweitzer Society
 
Friday. January 22,1v55
lCEP interesting
For Week in 0.6.
One-week political interesting in
Washington, no, in a year which
promises to be an exciting one in
the nation‘s capital are now open
to 16 Iowa college students through
the Iowa Center for Education in
Politics (ICEP).
Applications for the awards,
which are equivalent to travel expenses for the trip to Washington,
are being received at the center’s
headquarters on Tile University of
iowa Campus. said Professor
George B. rather. center director.
The application deadline is Feb. 5.
Through the "Week in Washington” program, the political interim
will work in the offices of their
hosts — three members of the
Iowa congressional delegation—attend sessions of Congress and com—
little hearings, visit national political party headquarters, and
meet Congressional, party and governmental leaders and officials.
The Democratic and Republican
parties of Iowa corporate with the
Iowa Center for Education in valid
tips to make the program possible. This is the 11th year for it.
rather said hosts for this year‘s
program are Sen. Jack Miller
(Repi, linux City). Reps. real
Smith (Dem, alumni), and John
Schmidllauser (Dem, Iowa City).
The interim Will be selected by
the advisory board of the ICEP, a
board Composed of iowa political
leaders and college processors and
administrators.
interesting are awarded on the
basis of scholarship, interest and
experience in politics, and leadership in campus activities. application forms may he obtained
through the political science department at Grinnelli
Applications should be sent to
the Iowa Center for Education in
Politics, Divi on of Extension and
University Services, The University of Iowa, iowa City
January
Clearance
Continues at
counter's
Dresses
boats
theaters
Shirts
blacks
Stretch Pants
sites
’ Wool Gloves
Winter Caps
charles
All at
reduced Prices
counter's
4th Ave. sessions
) IVS
‘Continued from Page A
experiences. An interesting
point brought up by Miss Wright
was that of the relationship between the Communist guerrillas
and IVS Volunteers in diet
Nam. There is an unwritten
agreement that the Red ver
titles that IVSrers travel in are
left alone' by the diet long.
in comparing the two agencies
the idea was advanced that the
larger, more publicized, got'
element sponsored Peace Corps
may be becoming a sacred cow,
Whereas the IVS with its small- ~
er, private organization might
decrease its effectiveness if it
expanded too much. At any
rate both programs, each performing a service—to the mar
derdeveloped countries and the
U. s.—are striking toward the
same end, with the Peace
Corps figuratively taking the
high road and [VS the low.
} loop
Continued from Page 1
shelter to be set up for brown.
ing.
The committee has asked that
only students who have books
to sell some on the first day.
Students who bring books to
sell will be given a suffered
receipt showing the name of
the book, the student, and the
amount that will be paid for the
book.
When the book is sold the student will be sent a notice to
come and pick up his money.
It the book is not sold by the
time that the cool closes for
the semester, the student will
be sent a notice to pick up his
book.
The cool will start operating
on a small loan, of about $20.00
from the Student Government
Association, but the loan will
be repair with no interest when
the cool closes for the semester. The rest of the margin,
which the cool hopes to make,
will be described in an independent fund for use when it
sets up its operation for the
first semester of the 1965-66
school year.
Phil Johnson, SGA President.
said that the administration of
the college is cooperative with
the project and has provided
the room for it to set up its
operation.
SCARLET AND BLACK
two RUSSIAN PHILOSOPHERS. level v.
(right) were recent erinnell visitors.
6. Kiln-l1 [ hilosophy and religion] served as their
in. st Phiasophy at the Ukrainian Academy at Sc
of logic and dialectics. A specialist in contemporary
the nut or the Institute at Philosophy. U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences,
Page Elva
Kopnin (center) and Vladimir V.Mshvenierar.l1e
One of their stops was nursing Library, where Paul
guide. Kopnin is director or the ins“.
iencex in Kiev and specialist in theory
Western thought, Mshvenieradte is on
Moscow.
 
Amendments to SGA Constitution Explained
Ed. note: The following is an
explanation of What SGA hopes
will be accomplished by initiative several constitutional amend
meets. The article was written
by Dan Bucks, a member of the
committee which drew up the
amendments.
Student government has often
been a integrating experience for
those who have served on one of
the many student boards or committees. Hopefully, though, a major source of that arbitration -—
the cumbersome cleveland-balance system on which the present
SGA is based — would be associated by proposed amendments to
the SGA constitution, which were
recently given a nearly anonymous
vote of approval by the Student
Senate
Ideas for changing the present
government were first discussed
earlier this term at the engagement. This discussion of representation was continued by a committee formed by the Executive
Cabinet. All of the meetings of this
 
group were open to students. and
 
nowlmoneysaver
Pepsi dialﬁcharts
 
in a handy
Mott/e
carbon!
several took advantage of the opportunity to voice their views on
student government. The new pro
totals were a product of the special committee.
The major theme of the proposed
amendments is rehabilitation and
identification. Under the plan,
executive and legislative functions
would no longer be separated.
That much designed body, the
Student Senate, would be replaced
by a smaller group, the Advisory
Council, completed of one representative per hall, the AWS Board
President, the CotHP President,
and the SGA President, who would
serve as chairman of the organization. At present, there are 41
Senators. The new body would
have 21 members. In practice, the
smaller size would allow the group
to function in a committee-like atmosphere, in contrast to the present Senate meetings often ham»
peter hy its size, which necessitates formal parliamentary methods. Opinion notification and decision»making will be added by the
less formal meetings.
Actually, the Advisory Council
would be comparable to an an.
larger version of the present
Executive Cabinet. Currently, the
Student Senate usually has formal
proposals submitted to it which it
can either approve or disapprove.
This action is then subject to veto
by the Executive Cabinet. The Ad
visory Council, it is hoped, would
play a greater part in sharing
new proposals than what the
Senate has been able to play.
Moreover, since the Executive
Cabinet would be included as but—
ing and speaking members of the
Council, the Cabinet oem would be
eliminated for the constitution.
As chairman of the Advisory
Council, the SGA President would
assume the duties of the Speaker
of the Senate. This change would
eliminate the discussion and (load
lock of student government that
has occurred in previous years be
cause of conflict" between the
Speaker and the SGA President.
Another major innovation would
give the soil-[P and AWS Board,
AMENDMENTS—
 
Continued on Page 6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LOOK YOUR
BEST!
WITH CLOTHES
CLEANED AT
SWEDES
Laundry 8r
Dry cleaning
Serving North at South
Campus Agencies
815 Commercial
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. January 22, ”65
 
J/wm, Jim, Wadi,
By Sue Johnson to get but we might surprise
[MS—the end of the war you.
Perhaps last week’s "bumfuz—
““54 gamma and February zled would-be crisis” who come
found Grinnell students iii thsmemed “pm, the current dis.
first of uncertainty about the play of Paul Strand's photoshop and their futures, yet life reply would have been more
at Grinnell- went on much as at ease covering this one: Forusual‘sans males. Said the ty original paintings from the
5&3, “The economics nepal-v Walt Disney studio in implement has a unique distinction wood will he on display in Main
in this, the most madness year Hall for three weeks."
in college history» . i it had The first two days of the new
as motors 100% of last select semester, it was announced,
tel"s senior lneu — both of would be 35 cm days As up.
them." A feature article about based to one half a crew“, that
the sociology department was sounds pretty good. Bllt then,
headlines, “Have You capital titten did go up for next
Problems? ‘Soc’ Explains All—,year , 4
Even Men!” The sociology get,‘ No, that was not quite the
pnrtmenr was under “the able Gmne“ ot today Or Was no
guidance ofJohnBurma-A.B» A Grillnell male oi the time
A. l\' Ph. D., and eight social- (one of the few) more, “pan
0 doors. But he dress’t,his return from Christmas halo ,\ that old, honest!" team“;
Around the town, the war‘
who get did not hurt the atlr with the fruits ot the holidays,
\en.solid business. The file- founded with a home-crossing
Spot date advertiser TrBonclthud oil the acid desert that
breaks for 65:2; The new, ”just-i served as a head for the
arrived" records were by‘laundry, well-passed gentleArtie Shaw, Harry James, Tom. man that had taken over my
11 jersey, gamma Kaye, seat at iowa City, and matching
E eddy Martin, and (a la it on the rebound I scurried'
Christmas Formal '64) Duke down the title which was echoEllington; the White Spot ad— ing the conducted’s cry or
vertical as—ot all thingsithe ‘Grlnnell.’ (l was standing next
“Igloo of Oomph." The College to the conducted while he was
Book Store was, however. a streaming out the name of the
little more realistic about the nearly removed town that houses
situation. “If you don’t see it, our illustrated alma water, and
ask for it. Merchandise is hard I heard him whether recently
 
“My piece oi luggage, loaded
'Thank God.’ You'd almost
think we were enhanced.)
”Since it quite apparently is
a Grinnell tradition that when—
ever you arrive in Grinnell you
are created by invigorating precipitation, I moved down the
steps leading from the train,
wedged between the literally
and my luggage (that damn
luggage), and was swallowed
cup in the most biology snowbank I have ever had the privilege of sharing hands with.
When I was estimated I discovered that I had left my books
(my dear processors, please
'take note; this is included as
a subtle way of saying I studied
ltd‘all].
”streaming into the better
;January winds. 1 was able to
lCOmmuliicaLe my mistress to
the porter who in multi con-
\voted the impression to me that
‘be at the station in the more-
‘ing.
“Everybody that was any
ebony had been met by someone
land the warmth of the milk of
human kindness that had been
reinvigorated by hot calculated
tested frozen countenances, So
I was left alone. I have a eliminate, but I supposed he would
forever my nervous exhibition
(vacations are such a strain)
and my perpetual hunger and
would have arranged a stack
for me. He is very thoughtful.
“My luggage and I handled
in the general direction of
‘colleague license Grinneilium,’ staggering in the facing
 
during my vacation) on that
‘llie texts would (unfortuxlalely)l
 
snowboard deemed foot steps Next to food and people I like
of those who were leading in ya); best? ,
the marathon to be first in line 5° we talked and talked
and talked and I matched on
for the health check Soon well- my half of salt tracker and
lighter campus ways linked trained my glass of water.
selective, but could selective, And sponsored on the chlorineeyes at me and engineering up individually.”
the Main Hall steps 'crossroads at a million lives daily'
I collected into the warm, hurt} Amendments
during extract of , . . the quad Continued from Page 5
single. the groups primarily responsible
“Then a quick sprint down for rule enforcement, a policy
that updated consider between‘vote in rules and mail regulations.
Lewis library and Main taylor‘lt is proposed that questions on
and , , . oh, my luggage (that rules and regulations be decided
damn luggage). Back to years,lbs the house treatments sitting in
grab the bag...what? she hasljoint session with the Advisory
to be in by ten thirty . . . ok,lCouncil.
=see you tomorrow - ~ Into The social activity function ot
cam. down the russia. that's student government would also be
right, a big gain for the mehtjstreamlnted by haVlIlg the Social
said. She always locks the ng'i’Cool'dillalillg committee lake over
gm doorS- . . she’s kSyed to heritage functions oi the Social PlanPOSIUOHA king Board. The coordination com-
”reading slideshow across theimittee at present has the main re;
street I manuals»ba|led up the‘sponstliilily for the social program,
Pine Tree states and hosting and IS more closely involving smith
‘hello’s’ right and left I value‘ the social activities than the planpulted myself and my luggage‘king board. In addition, the Social
(love me, love my luggage) Coordinator would no longer serve
into my cream»called room. on the Executive Cabinet; the matThere Was my same old bu» lets of the cabinet generally are
read, desk, clothes closed, bookings concerned with the’ zoophilia<
case, bed, and roommate. Hello” special field.
was easily engaged over a re- Tile general objective of the protest that he was preparing on pnsals is to coordinate student colour small table that has St, element activities and streamline
sites’ dance and hobbies, the process of decision-making,
“I knew that was why you Hence, the major trend of the pro—
didn't meet me at the station, totals is consolidation of many of
Mike. I mean, because ylou the student government bodies.
were preparing some sort of The amendments will soon be
food for me. French tries, ham- presented to the student body in a
surgery, cakes, pics, or cakesi references,
 
 
DISCOUNT CENTER
'28 all! C
FOAMY "‘ V' 68
W/49c Stainless Steel Blades
TROUTMAN’S GOUGH SYRUP
59cm... 33‘
New Head & $1.45
Shoulder motion 88‘
“wﬁmnjae
ROLL-ON DEODORANT
HEART SHAPED BOX 0F
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL !
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
8‘6 5‘“ “Ye. STORE 9 mm. to 9 p.m. Friday
9 mm. to 8 p.m. Mon" Tue!.,
Grinnell, Iowa "mm“ was, hours.. sat.
BUFFERIN 100's PRELL LIQUID
W/Free Peuvl 8r Pendant
Special $1.27 Value 14C 5100 Value 62‘
32-02. — $1 value
HELEN HAYDEN AQUA NET
$1.49 Value
FOAMING BATH OIL Imperial Size 1°C
Plus Tax
52C Plus Tax
CEPAGOI. MOUTHWASII
voltage Toothpaste 14 97¢ var.e 63‘
t..- 55c outdoor HAIR DRESSING
VALENTINE CHOC. terms Fresh Hand Cream $3?! 44‘ pin in
61 And Up
NEW COLORS IN
W/Free Necklace — $1 value
61c Pqu Tax
Regular 79:
KLEENEX TISSUE
LADIES’ TENNIS SHOES Lovely Seamless Nylons 2‘” 1"" 25‘
All sizes our 5
Young Lediex .
Sites 7 Him 1]
Special 4 For 99:
FI'IE‘ETR 4 ,0, 99:
 
Friday, January 22,1955
SCARLET AND ELACK
 
ﬁ
By Paul bring
Word has it that the University of Iowa is going to win
the Big Ten basketball race this winter and go on to small
iJ.C.L.A. for the national championship i at least this is What
porn-fed interventions on this campus are prediction And I
ask you, what local followed of any team worlds’t think the
..are after watching their heroes instantly Michigan State on
television last Saturday 111-65 to set a new school scoring
record. Following this was that tremendous upset Victory at
lndialla on Monday night. These wins pushed the Hawkeye’s
record to four wins and one defeat in conference play. I
master to add a word of caution, however, to those acid
following of the Hawkeyes to “keep their heads." I have
been trying for three years to determine the point where
the Iowa fan’s rationale terminates' and fanatacism commented, and I believe it is when the team goes one game
above the .500 mark with at least two-things of the season
left.
Even an consider can’t help but advice new Coach Ralph
Miller, however, for the job he has done at Iowa City in less
than a year. He immediately took one step in the right direction when he wound up with only two of his first six players
from Iowa (two are front Illinois, one from New Jersey and
one from Michigan]. The reasoning here is obvious; the competition in the Big Ten is staff and basketball talent sufficient
to compete is packing in the Iowa high school ranks. The only
way in which Iowa can be a consistent Winner is by important
players from basketball-rich states such as Illinois and Indiana.
I am not here to discuss the series of out-of-state recruiting, or the possibilities for Iowa‘s basketball future but,
rather, to disney those dreams of a Big Ten championship
this year. Let us look at the record so far. They have won
four Big Ten games: two over Michigan State, one over Wisconsin, and one over Indiana. There was nothing unusual
about the first three victorian except the score of the second
Michigan State game. In the first half of that game Iowa shot
a housing 54% while State was hitting at less than a 25% clip.
The Indiana game was truly an upset since it was on Indiana’s
home court. Again, however, their opponents had a cold night
as Indiana had tagged only 20 points at maritime.
In short, although this is a good team, it will take
quite a bit more proof before most considers will predict anything above a fifth place finish for this Iowa output. To those
tries of, “Bring on U.C.L.A.” and “Bring on Michigan," they
will get their chance on January 29 and February 8. Let’s
discuss it again after those games.
 
coaches by Anderson,
Team to Play Tonight
The freshman basketball team
PATRON/ZE OUR
ADVERTISERS
News
Briefs
seniors and seniors who
wish to have their pictures
appear in the 1965 edition of
the cycling must have re—
turned their troops and paid
their 93 by the beginning of
second semester. This is me
absolute deadline.
troops and the fee may be
put in the cycling box in
the post office.
Ten Mid-Year trade
Ten Grinnell seniors will
graduate at mid-year. They include Vincent Anku, philosophy
and religion; Bruce keyword,
biology; Frank Chillngulo. his—
tony; Geoffrey Peak, biology;
Nicholas meters, economics;
Janet Rigg, Spanish; John Russell, economics; Jean T, West,
sociology: J. Michael Young,
philosophy; and mail given,
psychology.
Grinnell Shares Gift
The Iowa College Foundation,
of which Grinnell is a member,
has received a gift of stock
valued at about $27,000 from
Mr. and Mrs. John H. title,
Jr., of Burlington.
The gift, the largest individual grant the Iowa College
Foundation has received, will
be distributed equally among
the 22 private Iowa colleges of
the foundation for use in their
building programs.
Kluusner on Panel
on Jan. 27, real Klausner
(philosophy) will participate in a
panel discussion at Central College in cells. The panel is part of
the college's "Doctrine: of Man”
seminar series and will also include Dr. Theodosius Dahzhansky,
widely known beneficial and pros
lesson at the powerseller Institute
.in New York.
 
 
will be trying to even its record
at H when it takes on the Mon»
mouth headlines tonight in Monmoiiih, all.
probably Grinnell quarters are
forwards Dick sussex and Greg
Rankin, center Roger Able and
guards Jim Poison and liked
Schwartz. All scored in double fig»
tires in Grinnell‘s only previous
rating, a 92-76 loss at Warthurg. l
funding the Pioneers for the re-l
remainder oi the campaign will be'
Barry M. Anderson. who plans in‘
coach after graduation. A member
of last year’s Pioneer basketball'
learn and an outstanding baseball
kitchen. Anderson is taking over
from Dick Young, who is now on
sabbatical leave '
Specia/ly
prepared in our
PHT dryer
AHRVANO'S
09/57 - (Pl/Ill/I’ - fl/W0kfﬂl
FRIED CHICKEN
penny®Penny
country fresh and specially selected layers. prepared and
At the last CofHP meeting Sunday, .Ian. 10, Dean or Men 5.
Eugene Thompson asked the house
treatments to see that the displayed off—campus residents of
INS Park St. get north campus
rooms that are in line with their
class Standing.
Under this plan, freshmen living alone in douglas could be
asked to take a different room if
his room were requested by 1019
residents. Other necessary rearrangements would also be considered.
The 1019 men will return to north
campus at their convenience our‘
ing the interim Session.
Thompson also related a message from Forum Director Mrs.
powell Hawk. He noted that Mrs.
Hawk has been concerned over
the “general sluppiness" of Forumgoers, especially in the use of
cigarettes. Thompson said that
more ashtrays will be made available shortly. *
Thompson commented on student courts, saying that the illustrated don't seem to have the
same view of their job as do student government officials. l-le also commented, “I don't understand it, but the student judges
seem to like their jobs."
 
Page Seven
Col HP Discusses Rooms. Forum;
Thompson Comments on Courts
Thompson said he holds hope
that the present court setup will
give way [0 more informal court
sessions. He concluded that no
matter what the setup, there will
always be some cases that just
can't be handled by student courts
and that in the end, “We may have
to depend on good will.”
In other business, Pete Read,
CofHP president. listed (our cl}
receives he wants furnished before
the current house treatments leave
office. Read cited the need for 1)
an analysis of CofHP election procedure, 2)) positive suggestions
from the CofHP‘s Buildings and
Grounds combined, a) a meeting
of the CDIHP with the Faculty
Committee on Student Affairs, and
4) a revision of the student handbook.
Read also noted that as of Jan.
hi, in north campus calls except
Clark and watson had had their
social funds frozen for non-payments oi long-outstanding bills.
Schweitzer person
The topic of this week’s se)‘
man by College Chaplain Roger Eldridge is “Albert Schweit‘
her on History." College chapel
will be held at 11:00 Sunday
morning in service Chapel,
 
PWO(l\k,
the Sign of
Quality
dry cleaning
from
. Llst well'! but-land p.
. you! iii; .blcu
mm runs cpzolll. touch‘l Ind
smccn hlldltn': clothes .. , a
[calm on com cycling inn“
“win new" fuel up look a
cleaner them ind added cm
STA‘NU finishing touch.
m if?
we've dry
Coast to Coast
. .. Our qualify treatment—at
N0 EXTRA CHARGE TO YOU. . >
Yes, SicuNu Is Available
seasonal in our special spice mix, src price to perception
in only 3 minutes in our revolutionary HENNY PENNY
PHT dryer. Pressure deals in all the
natural ,picks and ﬂavoid, assumes ii
delicious cross, country ﬂavorful goodncss such as you may never have enjoyed in fixed chicken before. le it.
w: predict you‘ll love it!
AHRVANO'S
In the Buwladrnme
At both North and
South Campus Agencies
Ask for
“MEEKERS”
236-4278
“PREDICTION: iron 1955: A unique! brown: in [he oomniumr
him: will cause the mi. map [lulum um 1917 . . . The (roll-r will
b. declared, lovely I’ld often, to
b- every bar is good In (aid; .nd
its river osnronr will a. re.
dated . The University 0/ salmon-ii. will open air campus ic mi.
demo .nd Incnny in cum [or selling
grid. l mu:
no. [or educ-H'nn-i current.”
FREE
DKLIVERY
m a In: (any sl in.
comm iii... of NA. i
YKONAl IEVIzw, uni. .
Io pm. chi, up i.
as 5:. n. v. u. n. v.
10] 9V: Broad
 
 
 
e...
 
onorGSponsorsFormerYanllee
efly women to Talk at College
Vlernon “fifty" women, one
[If baseball's allrtime create in
both performance and color,
will speak at a men’s all-college star in Cowles dining hall
on Wednesday Jan. 27.
Sponsored by Honor G, the
Orinnell batteries’s club. the
Itag is scheduled for 5:30 and
,Will include dinner.
For years the ace hunter of
the New York markets, women
now patches normally for the
,Wilson Sporting Goods Co., as
a member of the firm’s admin-
ry staff. He travels more than
00.000 miles a year speaking
l” hundreds of groups and promoting baseball at all levels.
women kitchen for 12 years
11931—42) with the markets.
l hey won seven American
eagle pennants and six world
titles during that span.
His best season was 1934,
when he posted a 26-5 record
and led the league in shutouts,
strikeouts, complete games,
ratings kitchen, wins, and per—
engage.
fifty won more than 20
ages in four different seasons
its the banks, computing an
earned run average of less than
3.5 for his major league career.
 
He kitchen better than .500
against every club in the
league.
women‘s world series record
is also outstanding—six wins
'Leﬂy' Game:
and no losses. He kitchen in five
major league all-star games
and won three, including the
first one.
Equally famous for his wit,
women ranks as baseball's forecast story seller. His tales have
 
JANUARY
CLEARANCE
SALI
PPESTON’S
SCARLET AND BLACK
markers to Resume
Season Against joe
Grinnell College's swingers will
open a four-meet home stand by
hosting the due Kohawks at 1:30
pm. tomorrow in the college pool.
The meet is the first in nearly a
month and a half for Coach lrv
Simone's Pioneers. They have
shown marked improvement during practice sessions during that
span and simple feels they are
ready both physically and manually for the fast-faced, logged schedule ahead.
The development of added depth
has been one of the features of the
long break from action and Simone
feels he has 10 men capable of
finishing high in the points in their
events. They are:
batteries —- Roger Abendroth,
diving; Tony norton, backstroke
and springs; John iraqi, breaststroke and individual wesley;
Ralph Pray, distance; and Howard
Schein, springs.
Sophomores Ken Adelrnan,
butterfly; Richard Lance diving
and springs; Ray L a n g h a m,
springs: Bill month. springs and
breaststroke; and Charles cornell,
distance.
Grinnell will take a H) dual meet
mark into the due engagement. The
Pioneers copper Augustana 5340
with Pray winning both distance
events and sherman and norton
featuring their specialties, the 200yard butterfly and zoo-yard hack»
stroke. The AOO-yard wesley toursame of norton, iraqi, sherman,
and Schein also came in ﬁrss.
The wesley crew also happen the
field at the Knox delays, setting a
new meet record.
been told and record throughout the sports world for many
years.
Born in video, Cant, in 1910,
women broke into organized
baseball in 1928 with Salt Lake
City of the Utah—Idaho League.
He won 13 and lost 11 with
San Francisco of the Pacific
League in 1929 and was sold
to the markets for $35,000 the
next season.
STANDINGS
,.
m.
.366
.525
too
.ooo
.500
.500
.400
.m
.375
.333
St. Olaf . .
Grinnell
NwNNE-auuw‘nbss
osuwwwwNNuN
Carleton
Friday. January 22. I965
Hoping to Cure Second Half Slump,
papers Scheduled for Practice Only
A recent scoring brought
triggered by second half stamps
will be the main problem
Coach John deutsch Will attempt
to correct during Grinnell’s 3—
week semester test and interim
study break.
’The Pioneer camera, who are
idle until meeting Augustana
(all.) on Jan. 30 in a non-conference game, will practice
only about one hour a day during the break. Offense will be
the main order of the practice
sessions because of a disastrous
road trip to Minnesota last
weekend that resulted in 19and 20»point setbacks.
starting an 84.5-point average before the trip, the Pioneers saw their point production lounge in an 83764 loss to
St. Olaf and an 88-63 defeat to
Carleton.
Successfully showing down
Grinnell’s pressing, run and
gun game, the Oles and girls
limited the Piitschmen to 69
and 75 shots. Only once before
had the charles and Black been
held to less than 80 shots.
A second half sleep was the
chief village in each rating.
Ahead only 33732 at the inter—
mission, St. Olaf survey to its
easy win on 67 per cent filing
in the final 20 minutes. At Carleton, the Pioneers could shoot
only 25 per cent after training
but 4039 at the midway point.
“Lack of offensive noise,"
Was the way deutsch described
it. The sophomore and junior
nominated Pioneers were un—
able to regions forces and turn
the tide of battle when the get
iran lies and girls began pulling away, he explained.
 
Despite giving up 171 points
in the two ratings, deutsch felt
Grinnell’s defense was responsible.
”But, we have got to develop
more offensive noise," he restricted.
Now 3-5 for the campaign
and 273 in the Midwest longer<
once, the Pioneers have out<
scored opponents 642-638 and
coast five men in double figures.
Guard Jeff grants is the top
pointmaker with 163 for a 21.0
average. 46- and 37-point
salaries in two games figure
prominently in his total.
grants also tops the team in
the responding department with
66. reached closely behind
grants in scoring are center
Jim phones. 93 points and an
11.6 average; guard Elliott
Hibbs 91 points and. an 11.4
average; forward Tom Hill,
89 points and an 11.! average;
and forward - center slide
Smith, 81 points and a 10.1 average.
Forward Ted sister has
noticed 63 markers for a 7.9
average.
phones and Smith rank close
to grants in responding with
GI) and 57, respectively.
Grad Business Exam
The admission test for grad—
date study in business compiled
by the Educational Testing
Service, Princeton, N. J., will
be offered at the University of
iowa, iowa City; joe College,
Cedar Rapids; and Luther College, deborah, on Feb. 6.
The test will also be admin<
entered on April Li and July ll).
 
TASTY PASTRY SHOP
a variety
of daughters
and cookies
92! Broad
 
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Fostoffico
 
GRINNELL, IOWA
 
Full Line of
Greeting Cards
Easter Contemporaries
NOW iN
VARSITY
917 Broad
 
