iscusses C
k r.
LUTHER ERICKSON (chemistry) elaborates on a point during last Tuesday's discussion of
education at Grinnell in the South Lounge of the Forum. On left is panel member Charla:
cleaner (English). and on ericsson'r right is Harold Fletcher [political science].
 
9mm
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXii
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday, February [2, [965
No. 16
 
583 Poll: Students Used Interim
But Don 't Care About Elimination
The results of the Tuesday 5&3 poll. on the interim Show that 360
students agree with the decision to drop interim while 275 are opposed
to such a move. A total of 552 people — about 57 per cent of the std<
cents — took the lunch-line pool, although everyone did not answer
every question.
The poll indicated that 352 students left campus for more than one
i ‘k ‘k
t
‘k ‘A'
Knopf Discusses Elimination of Interim,
sites Need for More Independent Study
By Alan Axelrod
"The faculty generally
agreed that the interim wash’t
doing the job and that we need
to get at other ways of independent study," said canyon
adopt (economics), chairman
' of the faculty, when asked
about the faculty decision to
’ disciplines the interim session.
Knopf observed that “the std»
cents' educational process has
been developed in terms of
formal structure—credits, assignments and grades. To slip
that little bit of time in and
expect very much in the way
of independent study is unreal<
isaac."
He felt that a college needs
to build gradually into its students the ability and desire to
pursue knowledge for its own
sake. ”I think we can do a lot
more in the way of encoding<
ing students to undertake inde<
 
pendant study, but there are
no formulas to get the job
done,"
Knopf pointed out that there
is much more work outside of
class now than there was ten
years ago. He felt. however,
that students need to be encouraged to broader ourselves by doing reading out:
side of their major areas.
“One test of a good college
education would be to interview people 15 years after they
graduate and see if they have
done much reading outside of
their productions To develop
the kind of desire needed for
this sort of reading is, of course,
one of the fundamental purposes of a liberal arts education," he said.
Knopf received that the interim program and the exception 0f the Junior Liberal Arts
KNOPF—
(Continued on Page 6)
 
day during the interim while 296
remained at Grinnell.
568 of the students answering had
read one or more books, while only
84 had not. This was the only question which all students answered.
The interim was intellectually
beneficial to 389 students, but 7A7
people said that they were not so
generated,
Only 177 persons thought there
should have been assigned projects
during the interim session; 452
were opposed to such a proposal.
of the 202 freshmen responding
to the poll, 121 had gone in one or
more oi the lectures given by
Wayne Booth while 78 had not.
Three freshmen did not answer
this question
82 of the 174 sophomores went
to one or more of the lectures given
by Joseph Schwab; 89 did not and
three didn’t answer.
153 seniors took the poll, and 93
of them felt that the interim provided a good time to study for the
ILA. Only 44 felt that the interim
wash’t a good time to study for the
ILA, and 11 didn't answer.
0n the question of whether they
could have studied as Well for the
ILA over the Christmas break. 44
seniors Said yes, 92 Said no, and 17
didn’t answer.
of the 123 seniors responding, 59
POLL—
(Continued on Page 3)
 
 
By Gerald forward
A faculty panel related the short—
ratings of Grinnell College in the
context of a liberal education Tuesday night before over 250 students.
The panel of tour faculty members — Charles cleaner (English),
Robert coleman (economics), Luther ericsson (chemistry) and
Harold Fletcher (political science)
— reached no consensus, but each
C. A. carroll Gives
Seasongood lecture
This Monday Night
C. A. carroll, a veteran of 40
years in the public administration
field, will be on the Grinneli Cole
legs campus Sunday through Wednesday. Feb. 1417, under the sponsorship oi the. Murray Seasongood
Good Government Fund,
Currently visiting professor in
public administration at the University of Cincinnati. carroll will
C. A. HARRELL
be hosted here by students in the
Program in Practical Political
Education.
His schedule includes attending
classes, meeting normally and in.
correctly with students and std-
HARRELL—
(Continued on Page 5)
 
urriculum, College life
member saw varying weaknesseu
in the college makeup
generated by Reginald Archambault (education), the panel sought
to explore his assumption, ”What
we have is very good; how do we
make it excellent?”
cleaner opened the discussion by
pointing to the distinction between
saying, “that unless we experience
knowledge in more than a referral
sense, it is not very good knowledge."
He said, “The passion at Grinnell for learning is at somewhat
less than a streaming pitch.”
cleaner advised more seminar
work and more involved participation in place of detailed appreciation, particularly in the fine arts.
Agreeing with cleaner, Fletcher
placed the lack of depth in leading on the paperback aspect of the
curriculum. He said students and
processors alike are married and
registered.
“The atmosphere is one of great
pressure, and this situation is generally unsatisfactory," said Fletcher.
The solution, he said, was in I
program not unlike that in operation at Swarthmore Where the number of courses during the last two
years of study is reduced from
four to two.
Fletcher Said these classes of not
more than ten would meet as l
seminar perhaps only once a week.
with much of the initiative coming from the students themselves.
Many oi the present mid-term
and final examinations would b0
eliminated under this system, added Fletcherl He also observed
that such a system would “issue'
considerable majority on the part
of the student.”
Fletcher noted that he was can<
trouble optimistic about this majority despite the mass exodus
from campus during the interim
period
Archambault characterized and,
divided college life into day-time
and night-time activity. He said
that during the day the student
classes into central campus and
becomes a student, but when he returns at night he changes into a
PANEL—
(continued on Page 4)
 
Power Failure in East, West morris;
morris Men Left wondering in Dark
The 102 men of East and
West morris habits awakened
Tuesday morning to dark calls,
gasoline games. smoke that
filled both younger, and materials tips and mountains that
made early morning sharing
and washing a near accessibility.
The general power failure was
caused by a broken water main,
split as a result of contracting
and expansion from widely
varying Iowa temperatures. Its
water allowed a utility room
in the basement of the five
year old building, and produced a small explosion when
the water level reached the
electrical transferred. located
in the storage room. Gasoline
pumps, placed on a lot behind
the calls, were used to draw
the water from the allowed
basement and created a various gas and games which perl
 
heated the
both forms.
The power, which went off at
4:25 a.m., was not resupplied
until about 10:45 a.m, and run:
king water was not returned to
the calls until nearly 3:00 pm.
that afternoon.
This six hour checkout crop
aged inaccurate - clocks and
awards which failed to ring. ao<
counting for much oversleery
ing and late arrivals to classes
on the second day of the new
semester,
ground floor 0!
ADDRESS HERE:
3391103 xiouuruo
EuOEQEISH stress
 
charles and Black
GIINNELI. COLLEGE
Grinnell. low-
A weekly newspaper published enon rrluay ol the college year by me srlnnell committee on student replica.
trans. Represented [or national advcnlslng by national Advenising service, inc., College Publishers Representative.
is East 50th Street, New York 22, N.Y. Second class posts
age paid at Grlnnzll. low: sunscrlnuun rate 55,00 per
school year. my paid subscriptions.
. t John Wnl!
Bob iludieme, sue taylor
. Wayne channel
. piece casey
Tom Hutmnn
EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITORS
FEATURE EDITOR
stones EDITOR
non YHO’I‘OGRAPHER
EXCHANGE EDITOR _ . sure my
CIRCULATION MANAGER . w, Chimdler Menmun
REPORTERS rm: clay, Anne water, Dick CIIIdy, Doug McCormhr,
Guild comm, James never, Alnn Axelmd, Glen Ashmon.
Kris mesh. brunette lol-ll, Connie shown, never Dlhmul
. Mlke nicole, John Phillips, steve shelter
Sue Buqulsl. Clml lenses, allen wet-nick,
Ann slmoneen, Helen Holsdlw, Amy noise-n
most lovely, Nick Non-s, rnul rr’mr
,, John w. Johnson. well seller.
M|nl| may, susan will
PHOTOGRAPHERS
con sure
stones nrronrens
nusmrss smrr
The ln’remix Poll
The 5&3 poll on the interim taken last Tuesday
in the lunch lines was fairly successful in terms of the
number of students answering and in terms of inner—
nation pleased. Fifty»seven per \cent of the student
body is a good representation, and an examination of
the result yields some worthwhile information and
leads to several suggestions
A strong majority agreed with the decision to do
away with the three—year—old interim experiment. And,
indeed, the poll did indicate that the lectures were
hourly attended and that over half the students left
campus for more than a day during the interim. ,
Nonetheless, the results of several questions indicated that the interim was not such a terrible flow
and that much independent study was undertaken.
Over 60 per cent of those answering felt that they had‘
generated intellectually from the interim, and 87 per
cent read at least one book during that time.
It appears that a period of independent study does
benefit a large portion of the students We would hope
that the statement by Chairman of the Faculty canyon
Knopf printed in this issue of the SSzB is followed up
and that other arrangements for independent study are
tried,
Other questions on the poll concerned the use
of interim for studying for the Junior Liberal Arts
Exam and senior comprehensives. seniors and seniors,
by a Z»l margin, felt that the interim offered a good
opportunity to study for their respective tests The
same people, by almost the same margin, did not
tel that they could have studied as well over the
Christmas vacation.
Although the people who made the decision to
drop interim have pointed out that the lengthened
Christmas vacation of three weeks should provide
enough time for seniors and seniors to prepare for their
tests, there is also a feeling, as expressed in a letter to
the editor this week, that it is often impossible to study
at home. In many cases the research facilities just
area‘t available, and in other cases it is simply inconvenient to study at home.
seniors and seniors ought to be allowed to return
to campus before second semester classes begin to
study for their tests
The results of this poll and the proposals made
above should be considered seriously. Some time should
be admitted' for independent study in the new calendar,
and seniors and seniors should be allowed to return to
Grinnell early to study for JLA and comes. . . ' _
 
, scum AND omcx
.Fcbm le. mu
' Shades of Gray
What The New World Halh brought
By Carl Otis Gray
She stands as a symbol for all that is pure
and noble, for all that is good and kind, for
that certain supervision that marks our civilization. She is the physical employment of
Florence Nightingale, Cleopatra, The Virgin
Mary, brunette Bardot, and Queen Victoria
all rolled into one. She processes that hybrid
minor, that “meeting-pot" essence that describes our society. She is, of course, the
American White Woman.
Indeed, she is the showing example of
American civilization from her Revlon recovered councils to her loans brightened
smile to her handling Lady Clairol hair ~—
all that and only her hairdresser knows for
sure. Truly she has only one life and she
choices to live it as a blonde. Though nature
had designs to have her pursue her destiny
as a haven failed beauty, it denied the AngloSaxon in her; the Mediterranean stories were
forced to suspended to the overwhelming
forces of hydrogen peroxide Now with the
help of a skilled lens printer she can have
eyes as blue as the celtic. And Helena Rubensteili has seen to it that her dark olive completion need no longer be mistakes as terrain or something even worse; she can go
from Florida tan to city white in less time
than it takes to powder her nose.
To the American White Male she represents the American Dream 7 straight from
Scandinavia. Like her male counterparts she
is concerned with the great social problems
that dominant her generation and although
her concern never reaches the limits of involvement she prices herself ‘on her awareness and duty as an American. Thus, she has
all the essentials for the American Wifea
beauty, and awareness.
Most important, to the American Nonrwhite
Male she is that unattainable supervision,
that forbidden delivery, professor of that
controlled kissi Inviolable she is the thing
that he speeds his whole life listing after,
training for, worshipping, investing. He,
the sexually superior bruce that he is, will
go to any extreme to produce from her just
one taste of that ultimate intimate. Thus,
she must be protected, sheltered, hidden, isolated from the ugly forces of interracial love.
Though her brother, American White Man,
may induced in such illustrations provided
there is a cash and carry relationship, American White Woman is denied the declaration
regardless of the financial corporations put
forth.
From May print to Little Eva she is that
which must be protected as we protect the
rights of the individual. She must be realized
as we realize the flag that represents a nation
under God. She must be free to realize her
potential just as much as every oth er
American with its ideals of God, country and
motherhood.
PaulRoberls
Roberts Rules Of Disorder
He ran his hand through his blond, crew-cut, collective hair and rendered over his problem for a
minute. Then he looked up and said, “You know I
think the meeting went fairly well. i thought we took
care of the problem in good origin”
His send look a long drag on the cigarette that
hung regularly from the corner of his mouth,
scratched at his mustache and said, “Yeah, l think
it went well. No fuss. NC. argument We did what
had to he done."
The youthful one was having trouble with his
problem and he ran his twenty pages down the title
of his Vrileck greater. “Yes, interim was a noble
idea, a noble Idea but l: simply didn‘t work out. Our
students simply didn’t have [he rlglit attitude about
it. 1 think as members of the faculty we were dedicated to disciplines it,”
The sustained-one called his legs around his legs
on his chair and blow a cloud of smoke at the overhead right. “Yes, I saw no evidence of anything but
wanted time during the interim Very little if any
independent study protected Poor attendance at the
lectures. They made a time of the whole thing.”
“Yes. they just women‘t issued with the proper
spirit. i guess they area't internet-
 
dual enough, I guess we gave them
too much credit," A wave of inspiration flower across his rose
checks. “i think i have the solution [0 this little problem you gave
1116.H
“Oh yeah,” said the rnuslachedone getting up from his chair to
get a better View. “What is it?"
“due ball off that fashion and
seven ball in the corner pocket "
Civil Rights Leader
Will Visit Campus
James watson, advisor to
the Student Non-violent coordination C o m m i t t e e (SNCC).
Special Project director {or the
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference, and Pastor at the
secretary terrorist Church.
Memphis, penn, will be on
campus Friday, Febl 26.
The Civil Rights group will
sponsor a coffee hour with
watson at 3:00 p.m. in the religious Activities Room, and
students defining.to meet with
him may make appointments
with Mrs. Ann May, in room
22 of cleaner Hull.
watson is one of uh: major
leader: of the Southern metro
movement, according to' Roger
Eldridge’colour chaplain. ’
 
 
Fri .9. Fobrvuy in. ms
SCARLET AND ILACK
Pa. ﬂart.
 
Coed pages New
School Calendar
confirm to Summer Job Chances
To the editor:
I would like to express an opinion
about the new proposal for the 196566 academic calendar. I am certainly in favor at having examinations before Christmas vacation,
because I have long text the facility
of attempting to study at home
during Christmas vacation. From
past experience, i have round that
students arrive home for the holidays tar more expressed, both
physically and manually. than at
any other time during the year.
it has always seemed to be quite
unrealistic for the faculty to assign papers during this convalescent period.
1 do hope that some provision
Will be made so that seniors will
be able to arrive early on campus
“1 January to study or homes. As
I have said above, it is difficult to
concentrate on studies during the
holidays at home, But most important, it is many times initiative
to use the library while preparing
Editor Gets Letter
On Identity Crisis
To the Editor:
As Grinnell parents for the
past four and a half years and
with the notification or keep»
ing that status for another four
and a half years, we have been
interested readers of the charles and Black.
We include an article from
the SL Louis Post Dispatch of
January 22, 1965, written in an.
swer to an editorial on possible
causes at the Berkeley difficulties. It presents a very different yet possibly perception aspect of the many located Camp—
us unless problem. We've read
some other side5#how about
this one?
May you have
the tumult.
The Robert E. offerings
Wl-lo AM 1?
Your editorial “Nobody Knows
My Name” should be entitled “I
Do Not Know My Name." If the
behavior or people is to be divided
then there must be a genetic understanding at» them. Nothing new
is happening to the young americans intellectual, he is only adapter or misadopting to the times
as he always has and will.
The extra-ti Dictionary states
state evanescence continues to age
25 in a man and 21 in a woman. In
this age of equality of the sites
you can see that it should be age
25 for both. Erik jackson, prices
for ot psychology at Harvard University, has called this period an
"identity Cl’this.” From 12 to 25
llolll the body and the mind are
changing and it takes the greatest
efi t for this young person to accolllnlodate to these changes.
peace acid
This physical and mental change ,
causes the g1 .‘sltcst confusion in
the young person so that
dress't know who he is."
concerned with What his body
looks like, ivlltil, kind of thoughts
he has, what is his place in the
\‘let’ltd, what kind of World does
he live in. unto What is to become
of him. To those who work Closely
\title the mental life of this age
period it is clearly “the period of
normal humanity."
To avoid traveling with the inn
incl' lol‘jul’ s of this period the
young pc- n puts his conflict outside of him lived then strengths
\H(l1 it. in cells \id}, “I do not. know
”he .
He is?
 
for homes since many departments
require a great dealer reserved
reading. Also, it will be beautifully
impossible to begin extensive prep—
station for homes involving reserved reading before Christmas
Vacation since we will be in the
first of ﬁnfl examinations, A
third point is that it will be rather
inconvenient to Carry home so
many books. Literature motors
would never make it.
I am disturbed about classes
beginning September 6, Labor Day.
It had never earned on me that
Grinnell College would ever begin
classes on a national holiday when
it is beautifully a national cabin to
begin the academic year after this
date. As a result, in applying for
summer jobs. l committed myself
to staying through Labor Day. I
have applied to summer resorts.
It seems to me that I can correctly
say that most summer jobs expect
college students to arrive the sec.
and week in June and to stay
through Labor Day. This is par
regularly the case with national
park and resort jobs. For example,
teacher National Park requires
its employees to work from June
15 to September 15. And I would
be willing to say that many Grinnell students work in jobs which
have these calculations. Therefore,
I do not understand Dean Stauss'
statement, as reported in the 5&3,
that employment would be easier
if school were to and earlier. I
partner think that the reverse is
true.
I think that it would be a good
idea if students whose summer
employment is affected by the new
calendar proposal would write to
Mr. Siauss. After all, most of us
do help finance our education
through summer employment.
Georgia ticket
myself” becomes “nobody knows
me.” resolutions occurring within
him become resolutions outside of
him. It is no different today. Thirty years ago they were “young dentists or columnists.” With majority and a settlement or the mental
like, they become specialists.
The University of California at
Berkeley affair is only another cultural documentation of this problem. Less turbulent cultural outlets include the eating ot goldﬁsh
and party rates.
Democracy is not anatomy. Any
situation can be seen as expression
especially to the adolescent mind.
To live together files must be
opened, Change must take place
through discussion. evolun'on and
not revolution. Control must be
maintained and discipline is news
mary. Certainly students must be
met, issues discussed and comprolniscs made.
However, in a peripheral way,
adults and institutions must set
limits for assessments. There is
freedom within these limits.
gilbert .i. monday Mil).
Assistant Professor Psychiatry
St. Louis University
 
) Poll
(Continued (mm Page 1)
found interim helpful in studying
for Camps, 23 didn't find this to be
the case, and one person missed
that question.
84 seniors said that interim was
more useful than Christmas vacation for studying for comes. Only
33 felt they could have studied as
well during Christmas, and six
didn’t answer.
on the final question or the poll.
175 students indicated that may had
gone to at least one lecture by
Booth or Schwab even though it
was not a lecture for his or her
class. 434 people said they had not
gone to one such lecture.
The poll was taken by 323 women
and 330 men. A breakdown by class
and so): appears to the right.
Political Selection
Calls for Reforms
“Obstacle Course on Capitol
Hill," which calls for institutional reforms of the United
States Congress, has been se»
listed as the February—March
Book-Of-the-Month by Grinnell's Program in Practical
Political Education.
Using the long—standing and
still unresolved issue of federal
aid to education as the organizing theme or the book, Author
Robert jennifer blades the
"mechanical arrangements" of
Congress — the authority sys<
tel. milfhunter, undemocratic
rules and procedures, etc, —
for the arbitration of the public
Will and the failure of needed
legislation.
“This case-study of congressionlal action and reaction is
particularly appropriate and illustration now that the focus
of public attention has shipped
from the presidential campaign
to the Congress," observed C.
admin G i l m o u r (political
science), director of the. PPPE.
quarter Will Give
Concert Tomorrow
competitions by H a y d n,
Swift, and Beethoven Will be
played by the Lenoir quarter
at Grinnell College tomorrow
night in a concert scheduled
for 7:30 in Roberts Theatre,
The Haydn quarter in E—t’lat
Major, 0p. 64, No, 6, will open
the program, followed by
Swift’s quarter No. 3, composed
last year, and the Beethoven
quarter in E Minor, 0p. 59
No. 2,
The xerox group, which is in
its third season as quarter-lib
residence at the college, includes Peter Marsh and Their
dora santa, violent; P all
perth, villa; and Donald MCCall, hello.
 
VAL AIR BALLROOM
DES MOINES
Every Saturday Starting Sort, Feb. 20“!
"ROCK-N-CAMPUS" NITE
For the COLLEGE and YOUNG ADULT Crowd
Ago IV and Over
Featuring the Best in 'ROCK' Music
Adm. SLDO —— Dancing 9 to IZ:30
Dress Up Rules Will Apply
o
.si 4246 as as
.59 37 57 6
.81 ii 72
. sl 40 52
. 55 as
. Do «or» mil the malta docislm to or interim!
. on w reel that you benefitedhntellectually mm the llitodm?
, old you read one or more books this lnterlmi
. Do you think there should have been assigned praise-u funny one interim
. Did you leave campus for more than one day at any trim during on. year'intent?
, Freshmen old you no to on. or more lecture. given by wayne Booth?
. Sophomores: Did you go to one or more lecture: given uy Joseph Schwaur
. authors. Did you find interim a good time to study for ILA?
. seniors: would you have studied as well for the JLA over the Chi-Dunn are-kl
. seniors: old you line interim a good time to study for comm
. Seniors: would you have studied as well for comes over the Girlstma‘l break?
. Everyone. Did you go to any lecture1 by noon. or sohwab even though they
were not let-rules for your class?
MALES
FRESHMAN soPHoMonl: JUNIOR nation
'. m 5: 52 a1 45 so
Yes No her Nu m lies is
.i a o a o g
. 93 l7 72 is 54 5
29 77 2b as is
o; «2 as a: as 34
as «z
,oo 4:
42
zl
so 25
no so 1i
FEMALES
soeHoMoiic
Ye) No Yu N
FRESHMAN wmox seven
2 as
5 1i
24 be no 6| 29
al «
3:2 48
so
u
 
 
oi variety
of daughters
and cookies
 
 
LOOK YOUR
in your
SWEATERS »
and
SKIRTS
after
they’ve had our
 
PRDEKSS
 
 
 
 
Yes, ata-NU and the best in laundry
services are available at both North
and South Agencies.
insider
“MEEKERS”
LaunDry Cleaners
“NW/z BROAD ST.
Grinnell's "eastern' —— Maytag Laundromat
 
“90 Four '
) Panel
(Continued from Page 1)
,member of the “Pepsi generation.”
Archamhault based the question
of which of the two cultures should
move toward the other. His answer was that the “Pepsi" culture
should move more in the direction
of the Scholar’s style
He noted that faculty-student
bull sessions on "the substantial
me" would not do the job.
ericsson shipped the focus to the
conflict between professional preparation and a liberal education.
He said, “The proper function of
a liberal arts college is to develop professional conference in
the best sense of the for ,"
other areas of study, he said,
are significant only in that they affect the student's major field of
study ericsson said he thought
students should know their major
interest at least by the end of
their first year and should work effectively in their major at first.
proceeding out only after they
have achieved conference in their
field.
ericsson rejected to the idea of
shopping around for two years be»
more seriously working in a major
field.
coleman was ooncemed with
the problem of scholarship and
teaching. He deﬁnew a scholar as
"a person who is actively engaged
in ultimate objects.”
He Said that a teacher‘s duty is
to guide others in scholarship and
added that a faculty member at
Grinneil should be both teacher and
scholar.
cameron charged, "There is in—
:efficient similarly activity at this
college. You can’t guide if there
inn’t scholarship,
coleman characterized the Grinnell faculty as “a group of tired
young men.” He said they Work
under an umbrella of committee
work when they should be consumer with their academic area.
concerning the panel presentation with remarks on the student
body, coleman said it “packs
creativity.” He said the international outlook has given way to an
extension with internal problems.
He cited the absence of activity in
civil rights and peace
‘login L, Simone, Grinnell’s
swimming coach, will speak at
Roosevelt High School’s annual
swimming bouquet in Des
points Thursday night, Feb.
18.
valentine
panties
at
'I'HARP
Pharmacy
V All! Avenue
 
Srinnell'r trustee! met here
over the weekend. They are
pictures here outside the an.
sale dining rooms in the
Forum. Sealed. left to right.
are powell Walker. Mrs. Fred
Maytag ll. admin Hewitt. Ru—
dolls still. Maxwell Herrioﬁ'. Adrian behind. Mrs.
Margaret Scholten: standing.
left to right. are R. s. Kinsey,
Rebel-i joyce. Stewart Kirkpalrick, John morris. Vice
President permits- Ludwig.
Samuel essential. Charles
Whiimcre. acting President
James Siauss. admin Fox.
Donald Clark. and David
Kruidenier.
scum AND BLACK
Friday. february l1. ml
 
He's Yes,always been lknowi _
sonnfa. Wideties.
well, wide label:
you knuwwhat. andale.
That tar
he‘s driving
tonight“;
budget seats.marketing.
console.
vinyl print,
his V8.
Frankly, I
don't think
he can
afford it;
Yes,who
he's
as
to express?
does he think if
going I.
Charla.
 
 
 
 
 
 
li's Dodge colored. And francis, Charlie can afford it. So can you. colonyﬂhe hot new Dodge at a new lower price;
colored 500 sports me following as standard equipment all~vinyl inleliul. along fucked tests, lnllvnnptllng.
passed dash. diltcliunalstgnals. bdbkﬂiiiﬂhas deluxe wheel covers, canltltensoln 173 will: mtthLl
'65 Dodge toronto wwwﬁennnstsn
See all the new bodies on display at your nearby Dodge Dealer's.
WATCH "we too HOPE snow." NBC~TV.
CHECK VouR Locn LIsTlNG,_._—-———-
 
February I2. I965
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Fin
(ourtriglit: The Road To KoIIiewatIi
Ed Note: The following article
was written by still 3. Courtright, ’54, who is serving as a
Grinnell College Travel Service
Scholar this year at Ahmednagar
college, Ahmednagar, Maharash.
try, india.
it was a sunny winter day, the
sky was cloudless, blue as the
lesbian Sea that wishes India’s
western coast, the temperature in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
form a formidable political power
in the present state oi Maharashtra, as individuals they are mainly
rural, semi-literary, and intensity
proud.
Kolhewadi is a poor village. Because there is no motorabie road
connecting it to the outside world,
no trucks or buses come into the
village bringing with them the influences of modern, urban life. Per-
,maps located in another place, K01»
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE AHMEDNAGAR College Library. to be opened this
month.
the mid-80's The Jeep founded
over the chuck-holes road, looking
intermittently to ward the twowheeled experts delivering along
or the people walking, the full
thickness of the brass vessels on
their heads reﬂeating the sun,
of our rapid approach. When a cow
or experts would not respond to
our warning, it would mean camping on the brakes list there he a
pollution. After some time we arrived there. it was nothing spectacular, nothing you would stop to
watch it you happened to he passing by. it was about a hundred people building a road, the kind of ac-
‘tivity that is going on in rural
areas all over India. But to me, an
consider, this project said a great
deal about the marketing of India
in the present day. But the story
does not begin with the building
of the road, it begins at another
time and in another place.
First there is Kolhewadi. It is
a Village of about 375 people Situated about l5 miles from Ahmednagar on the gambling, greenishbrownish stores of the Western
Deccan. Koihewadi, like many of
the hall million villages in India,
is small, poor, and isolated. Most
of the vibrators belong to the
Maratha, a subscribe of the Kshatrya waste. The marathon formed
the bulk of the army of Shivaji, the
Hindu rebel»hero, in his report
against the Moghul rule during the
17th and 18th Centuries. After the
consolidation of British mlb, they
took up farming where they have
remained since. As a group they
WILLIAM F, BUCKLEY JR.
TN NATIONAL Renew: "I out to
Mr. [Steve] Allen . week no timer. from-I, Ind joe required
to hm In animal which he m. dna
porn-r.- n to publish. Nam-1y, out
he would join m. in approve'nl e
vii-slut min by our Str-nllr. Air
Comm-rid mind the nuclur mil-i.
motion. in Red ch
nancy mm
out In .combo
part, N‘llc.N.
 
hawaii would have remained iso
later continuing its rather self-contained way of life following ancient
was according to long standing traditions,
The story of Kolhewadi’s marketing begins in the office of the
Rural Life Development and Research Project oi Ahmednagar College and cosponsored by World
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the actual organization of the labor
is done by the vibrators themselves
through the traditional leadership
patterns. in edition to these activities, the Project works closely with
the villa Parishad, Government,
rural community level agency for
the improvement of agricultural
production and village welfare.
Students at the college who elect
a major in Economics or Sociology
have the opportunity to participate
in the Rural Life project in order
to gain practical experience with
rural social and economic config
tions. Because this work requires
long hours spent in villages and
occasional manual labor which is
associated with low waste jobs and
normally distasteful to some, not as
many participate in the Project
as might be hoped. Nonetheless,
in the three years of the Project's
existence rather astonishing results have been achieved. It must
be remembered that the Village
population is deeply posted in their
traditional way of life and therefore somewhat suspicious of communication because it brings with
it social changes to which the
traditional pattern cannon adjust
itself. The fear of social chaos as
a result of economic settlement is
in the banks of these people's
minds. The first things that must
he done is to continue them that
poverty is not an unavailable condition in their lives, a better life is
not only possible, but Within their
reach. When they are willing to
listen, they must be shown how
this can be done. in response to
this challenge, the Project has undertaken certain experiments to
 
demonstrate what is possible. in
 
 
 
 
 
PATILS of four village: consider the project.
Neighbors Inc. Under the able
leadership of Prof. S. K. pulse and
a faculty of four economics pro—
lessons, the project is presently direction work in land declaration,
village housing construction, im«
placement of farming methods,
and education, Although much of
the leadership work is handled
through the Rural Life Project,
one village, as an example, they
provided the necessary 'materials
for the construction of a medical
clinic. The village until, or headset, organized the village into
construction teams. After the clinic
was built and they saw what they
had done, the vibrators were so
pleased with themselves that they
carried on and built a community
h,all library and an addition to the
village school which coupled its
capacity.
In the case of the village of Kolhewadi, the college’s Work there
to date has centered in two main
areas: land declaration and house
ing construction. The land around
the village is rocky and dry, receiving only some fighters inches
of rainfall which is bumper on the
land during the June to September
mission. If the gains come too
late, the seed will not sprint due
to the process of the soil; if they
come too early, it means a longer
dry season and the risk of a poor
yield. In the files of the government: office, Kolhewadi i listed
under the heading, ‘ marine
Area ” To the human beings who
spend their lives in this village, it
means uncertainty, and in a dry
year, hardship and evaluation.
Under the leadership of Prof.
.I-pulse and the staff of the Rural
Life Development and Research
Project, extra land has been produced from the Government. The
students and village men and women work together to clear rocks
from the heretofore investigated
stores. it is a slow process, each
rock must be listed by hand and
each narrow must be closed by
open. it is a slow process, but it
means the difference between
enough food for these 375 people
and illustration and despite.
(Continued Next Week)
 
carroll Visits Campus
(Continued from Page 1)
sent groups, delivering an all-college lecture, and speaking at a
joint meeting of the Grinneil Chamber of Commerce and Kiwanis
Club.
The lecture, “The Role of Government in the New Age,” is scheduled for 8 p.m. Feb. 15 in the
South Lounge at the. College
Forum. The Chamber of Commerce and Kiwanis Club will
hear carroll discuss “The Citizen and His Government” at
noon Feb. 16 at the Country
Club.
carroll, who holds an AB. degree from Randolph-bacon College, an MA. degree from columbia University, and an M.S. degree from Syracuse University, has
been a city manager for more than
Programming Seminar:
Gain Computer Skills
A computer programming
seminar will begin weekly
meetings Tuesday afternoon
from 4:25 to 5:25 in the science
1 lecture room. The first session
will be on FORTRAN IV programming.
The seminar will be conducted by David A. explain,
(mathematics) who was previously a research assistant at
the State University of Iowa
computer center.
The seminar is open to seniors, seniors, and faculty members. “It is difficult to find a
major in which_knowledge of
a computer is not valuable,”
explain said, He added that
he is assuming a knowledge of
high school algebra, nothing
higher in math,
The seminar will run from 8
to 10 sessions, explain said.
The seminar is offered on a
nonacredit basis. and there will
be no required text book.
 
30 years, serving the cities of
Portsmouth, Ohio; Binghamtnn, N.
Y. Schenectady, NY.: Norfolk,
Va, San Antonio, Tex, and Cincinnati, Ohio.
He has also been associated with
the National Institute of Public Administration and with the Department of industrial Economics at
the Southwest Research Institute.
During World War II, carroll
was a consultant to both the National Defense Commission and
War Production Board. He has gathered many articles dealing with
various phases of municipal agreement.
Listed in “Who‘s Who in America,” carroll is a past president of
the International City Managers‘
Association and a former first vicepresident of the National Council
for Community improvement. He is
also affiliated with numerous other
public administration organizations.
GLASSES
Made and impaired»
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes
Examined
E. J. lenses, 0.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
 
PASTRIES
as you like them
From
Jlamwn'd,
DANISH MAID
 
DON'T SLIP OR SPIN!
gel' files Snow Tires
FROM
Collum's
STAN DARD
‘ll'
 
Pan Slx
) Knopf
(Continued iron Page 1)
Exam came at about the same
time, and that the JLA was
created to accommodate the
kind of incentive that would
lead to independent study.
"A time for studying for the
JLA and comes. however, has
been kept in the new calendar,”he said. referring to the
three-week Christmas access.
“Furthermore. the moment‘end
lecture series will continue
along with other lectures and
programs that will be offered
during the academic year."
Knopf believes that the attendance at the lectures will
be maintained, “but with a different kind of participation—for example, people who find
certain lectures relate to material they are covering in
class. working attendance by
covering these lectures on exunis would defeat the Whole
purpose of independent study.
However, I think we can encourage independent s t u d y
without choosing any threats.
”Perhaps discussed of lecture topics in class would calculate more student interest.
However, we must realize that
the initiative for independent
study can not come from outside sources, but only from
the Student himself," Knopf
said.
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
 
Chapel Guest Sunday
Neil Housewrlght, a student at Vanderbilt University Divinity School, nashville, penn., will speak in
College Chapel at 11:00 mm.
Sunday on the role of Southern churches in the metro
civil rights movement.
Civil rights Meeting
The Grinnell College Civil
Rights group will have a meeting Tuesday, Feb. 16. at 4zl5
p.m. in ARH auditorium to discuss a proposal by the group’s
executive committee that it not
affiliate with the NAACP. but
rather become a friend of
SNCC group. All interested students, whether members or
hm, are invited to attend.
Report on Fact
The United States National
Student Association Reporter
reported in its February, 1965.
issue that receives from the
Thanksgiving Fast for Freedom have extended $30,000.
Grinnell participated in the
program with a voluntary fast
for the evening meal of Doc. 3.
The amount sent to the program by Grinnell was $490.00.
 
SCARLET AND ILACK
Frldly, Fismny n. IN!
 
theaters Rank High
AI state journey
Four Grinnell students participated in the Harvard driver—
site occupational debate tourna»
ment at Cambridge, Mass, last
Thursday-Saturday.
The four were John Black.
Dan Bucks, Richard ready and
Cherie joined.
Four other Grinnellians computed in the notice division at
Central College's “Turn of the
Semester" tournament at cells
last Saturday,
They were word true, Raymond Horn, Cynthia pages
and Michael Pill.
The issue related at both
meets was whether the federal
government should indicate a
national program of public
works as a method of reducing
unemployment.
The team participating at
Central College ranked first
among 32 teams in the B division. The four delivers received 97 of a possible 120
points.
The team of Horn and Miss
pages. relating negative, won
all four of their rounds and
received one of three superior
ratings at the tournament.
The team of true and Pill,
relating informative, won
three rounds and lost one. They
received an excellent rating.
 
seminars Students To Visit Campus;
Informal Visits, Panel Are Planned
Five seniors from seminaries
of several different tradition:
will be on campus from Sunday, Feb. 14 through Tuesday
Feb. 16 in the Visiting Semnarians Program sponsored by
the Board of Religion.
The nominations will stay
in residence calls on North
and South Campus, participating With students and faculty
in discussions and conversations.
A panel considering the question “ls Religion Going to
Church?” will be held Sunday
night at 8:00 in the South
Lounge of the Forum. The
panel will consist of the five
nominations with a student
moderator and it will kick of!
three days of more informal
discussions.
T h a following nominations
will participate in the three-day
visit: Miss martha why, Chicago theoretical seminars; William C. Brown, University of
Chicago Divinity School; Robert C. Hill, Bethe] theoretical
seminars. St. Paul, Minn .
Larry prefer, United Theolog—
ical seminars of the Twin
Cities; and Neil Housewright.
Vanderbilt university Divinity
school.
Housewright will give the
person in College Chapel Sunday morning at ll:00 on the
general topic of civil rights.
 
As the nominations are from
schools of widely varying traditions. a broad range of outa
look is expected by the Board
'of Religion.
Two general meetings of the
question under consideration
are “Is the religious life constitutes in attendance at worship services?” and “Is res
group concern becoming wrapped
or strategies in 8nd identifiable
only with a stories institution?"
Other questions under consideration, and related areas
will be “What constitutes religious life?” “How important
are formal religious observation?" “What, exactly, is the
nature of religious governance
in the various traditions of
faith?" “What relevance has
institutional religion to the life
of the college student?" and
"What are the goals of the institutional ministry and the nature and worth of seminars
education?"
T h e nominations will be
staying in college directories
and dining with students while
they are here. In addition. generous opportunities will be
available for individual conferences with interested students,
as well as informal concerns<
tion.
Schedules will be posted in
the calls, and there will be a
student in each hall who will
be able to answer questions.
 
DISCOUNT CENTER
DOVE TOILET SOAP
Big Sin 2 for
CERAMICS
39‘
New Shipment 5 1‘ and up
HAIR ARRANGER
4.2 01. —- 79: Value
OOLGATE TOOTHPASTE
75c calls! 55¢
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL I
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
AUTOMOBILE FLOOR MATS
Front and Rear
All Rubber
55 Set
PEPSODE NT TOOTH PASTE
79¢ viii. 46‘
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
STORE
HOURS:
9 mm. Io ‘7 sun. Friday
9 «.m. to 8 pm. Mom. Tues»-
Wed.. hours. Sat.
LAVORIS
95: Value 60¢
RINSE AWAY
$I main. 6"
OASHMERE BOUQUET
41‘
YOUNG LADIES'
CANVAS SHOES
5'31 &
New Spring
calm Am In
5271
Talc> Dead.
39:: Value
Reg. 5252
CIGARETTES
31 _
24‘ Plus Tax
King fire $256
GROOM 8: CLEAN
49: Value 21‘ Plus Tax
HYTONE TYPINO PAPER
49:: Value
Gibson} Price
TOP
In 45
99: Value
Gibson's Price
_ its. v...
30 HITS
RPM Records
79‘
STRIPE TOOTHPASTE
53value 33‘
SCORE
4.1‘fl'5s la!
 
- .‘ridge. February l2. IM
Jim Young to Teach garage Class.
Encourages Sport as Carry-over
By Kris cash
One of Grinnell's therapist
problems in recent years has
been the physical education res
agreement—but Jim Young has
the answer. His garage class
provides a swift, while; and
beautiful solution for students
who are stopped over the selection of a worthwhile carry-
»over sport. garage is a practical means of self—defense for
both men and women, as well
as suppliers an interesting
means of earning either a major or a minor in physical edt»
nation.
Young began teaching this
particular brand of self-defense
during his freshman year, when
he tested with a fujitsu instructor to give lessons to bond
students and local residents.
Young, a “brown belt” then,
has advanced to "black-belt,"
which is the highest color-rank
which a garage man may
achieve. There are six program
site levels of skill in the “black
belt" classification, each of
which requires about four
years of active training and
preparation before advancement.
Participation in
has been regarding, with
Young’s dropped percentage
running far below the advertiser national percentage. Currently there are four students
who have furnished the requirements for a garage major and
are taking even further instruction —— Steve Chandler, Don
district, Jim Fox, and Peggy
member. Although the garage
students often are regarded as‘
a group who are being taught
rough, dirty tactics, Young
stresses that this is not the
case.
He points out that half of his
beginning class is usually made
up of girls. Though many of
them drop out before complex—
ing any requirement, Miss member is an example of what can
he achieved. Young emphasizes,
for students who are every, that
there are surprisingly few ser-ious injuries suffered in the
sport. The Grinnell garage class
has never had a serious injury.
The origin of garage was
based in China, at least 600
years ago. It is thought to have
been developed by a group of
itinerant Buddhist books as a
means of protection against
routers who frequently the
the class'
 
roads in those days. The study
of garage next grew widespread
in Okinawa, following the degree of an Okinawan harvard
that people were to be forced—
den the use of weapons. There
are some styles of garage existing in Which the barehanded
practitioners train to take on
armed opponents
Although most uninformed
people automatically associate
garage with Japan, the Japan
use did not practice it until
1917r It was in Japan, however,
that garage first began acquir
ing the sporting characteristics
which distinction it today.
The Japanese were the first to
practice together; previously,
garage had been something at
w hi c 11 individual devotees
trained alone. Japan put garage
on a generally more scienceﬁc
basis, and Korea and China
have followed its lead.
garage places its emphasis
on the use of patches and picks
as the means of defense. Most
other forms of the weaponless
self-defense arts stress throwing an advertise, such as in
"aikido," where consumers
cannon be executed without use
of the opponent’s momentum.
fujitsu also relief briefly on
throwing the comparison, as
does judy, which is the sporting modification of original
fujitsu. .
Th e style which Young
teaches is that of the Japan
garage Association, a style
which he is convinced is the
best. Having observed aikldo'
judy, Korean garage, and practices them to an extent, the
slight senior expressed defining
preference for the I. K. A.
brand of defense. The Japan
garage Association is one of
the largest organizations in Jar
pan, and the only group sand—
signed by the Japan Ministry of
Education to teach garage in
foreign lands. Japan garage
Association style of defense
explore linear blocking and!
teaching movements, and is‘
based upon “time,” which is
the precise focusing of a per»
son's entire strength into one
small striking a'red.
Young first began his training in Hawaii, where he was a
puppy of Kanazawa, twice the
all-Japan champion in both the.
“forms" and free~combat d1"
options of competition garage.
He was initially forced to e sure a year's wait before gain-
. mm AND more?
KARATE msrnucron Jim Young deliver a flying side
,.
kick at
 
 
 
 
opponent Steve Chandler.
 
garage Association and being
enrolled in a class of 200, Today there are ten times as
many people studying garage
in Hawaii. After working .up to
the "brown belt“ level in the
islands, Young trained for an
additional one and one-half
years before achieving “black
belt“ standing. He qualified as
a first-level “black belt“ in
Philadelphia during Christmas
vacation of his sophomore year,
though he did not actually receive the belt until the follow—
ing summary
The blond senior plans to do
graduate study in electrical engineering at the University of
Arizona or the University of
Michigan, then perhaps acquire
3 Ph. D. after working a year.
He eventually hopes to return
to Hawaii to work. There he
will be able to continue his
training in garage, as well as
in Japanese archive, in which
he holds a “brown belt” equivalent.
For his final semester at
Grinnell, Young has planned a
training schedule which will
provide helpful determination of
advanced, intermediate, and
beginning Classes while at the
same time allowing adequate
time {or necessary individual
IRONING DONE
Barbara Story
12] 5V2 Spencer
Phone 235-5893
 
ing assistance to the Hawaii
 
J‘ONES & LAUGHLIN STEEL CORPORAT|0N
Will Be entertaining On
February 19, 1965
Grinnell wrestler's
match holds with mat-men from
Cornell, Beloit, and Western
illinois in a quadrangular at
Mt. Vernon on Saturday, The
meet is scheduled to start at
,3 pm.
Coach add powers will use
the same eight Pioneer grade
peers who gained a split in a
attention. Beginners and advanced student will practice
with the intermediate pupils on
Monday and Friday, respectively. On Wednesday the ad»
cancer, and on Thursday the
beginning, class will meet individually for instruction. All
practice sessions will be held
from 4:15 to 5:15 pm.
Young will be assisted by
sophomore Jeff Cook, who holds
a green b It in purpose garage
Special/y
prepared in our
PHT dryer
Pioneer travelers to Meet Cornell,
Beloit, Western illinois on Saturday
willldouble dual with Upper Iowa
and Simpson last Saturday.
Grinnell copper Upper Iowa 1114, but lost. to Simpson 20-18.
Bill Barnes will go at 123,
Ken Slrublel’ at 130, Cliff bowling at 137. Mike Deatherage at
147 and Larry Miller at 161'.
party bingo and Bob seller
may change classes, with bingo shopping to m and seller
moving up to 19L Morgan
Michel will be at his customers lightweight slot.
Miller, Strubler, and Barnes
appear to be the best Grinnell
prospects for high platinum.
Each of the three won his pair
of matches last weekend, Miller
spring his mark to 7-1, Sirubler to 5‘2, and Barnes to 4-2.
bingo and Michel could also
be threats. The former is 27H
for the year; the latter 3
AHRVANO'S
III/3'! - lfﬂlt‘ﬂ/ - fllydkfﬂl
FRIED CHICKEN
penny®Penny
Country amp and seed-by ulretzd iiym, prepared and
seasonal in our special sparc mix, are (tied to corrections
in only 3 minutes in our rev-Mary BENNY PENNY
PHT Fiyevi Pressure Ink in I“ the
natural juice: and ﬂavoid, Issues a
delicious cross, country ﬂavorful good—
news such is you may never hm e...
based in tried chicken laden. Try it.
We predict you'll love it:
AHRVANO'S
in the Midi-m. -
Candidates For Their
SALES TRAINING PROGRAM
III!
DILIVIIY
Sales Program ls Open To Candidates
From Any Of The Academic Fields
 
PLEASE CHECK‘WITH PLACEMENT QFFICE ‘FOR MORE DETAiLS
'l «it. "ill,”it' li‘l.»i‘vii
 
huge Eight
3?"
 
Pioneers Fall to seller with Losses
To joe and Beloii Over Weekend
By Steve Casey
The Grinnell basketball team
lost two important ball games last
weekend and were bumper into
last place in the Midwest conference. Poor shooting and responding were directly responsible for
the defects in both contests.
Against joe the Pioneers were
thoroughly sunglasses by the costa
long Kohawks. The Pioneers tried
the 1-3-1 zone defense that was effective against Augustana, but
sharp quick passes by too solved
that defense. joe then started to
a 22-11 lead
After joe scored on several easy
lay ups, Grinnell shipped into a
man-to-ryan defense which was a
little more effective. The Pioneers
cut their deficit to five points with
six minutes left but could get no
closer, joe came back and took
‘ 39-30 maritime lead.
joe took complete command in
the second half. The Kohawks'
leading scores, Skip Swan, and
guard Mike Collis started scoring
and joe pulled away to a fifteen
point lead with twelve minutes 1‘8earnings Then in these last twelve
 
minutes while Gi‘innell could only
manage to score nine points, joe
Scored freely and eventually won
80-53.
origin shooting by Grinnell and
hot shooting by joe was the differ»
once. Grinnell could only hit on
30% of their shots, including 26%
in the second half, while joe nested
51% of their shots. joe also took
command of the backboards by
nut-responding Grinnell 45-26.
The Beloit game completed the
disastrous weekend, This game was
similar to the due game except that
Beloit launched the game by half-
time when it held a nearly input:
printable 54-36 lead. The second
half saw the second stainless gets
king plenty of action with twelve
different Pioneers and eleven different Buccaneers eventually scor»
ing.
Grinnell’s shooting improved over the previous night, but unfortunately Eeloit had a hot night to
easily overcome Grinnell’s improvement. The Pioneers connected
on 42% of their shots but the Buccaneers hit 55% of their shots. Beloit also husband the Pioneers in
rebounds 49-30.
 
Freshmen Take Third Straight victory;
Anderson Feels joe Toughest Opponent
While the variety was suffering ‘ twelve points respectively while
SCARLET AND BLACK
By Paul bring
Although I have promised the editor that I would not resort to the
Clark nail level of discussing intramural sports, last week's Animal
Life column and Mr. coleman’s allocation at last Tuesday night's
coffee hour that there is a lack at student incentive in similarly pursuant have triggered me into prognosticating the Women’s intramural
basketball race. i attempt this analysis with two goals: to prove that
the writers of that column were in error when they predicted Loose
hall would Win tile championship, and to do this in such a fashion as
to assure its comprehensive even by sportswriters who seem to have
trouble reading. 1 also attempt this under what i thought was an obvious assumption a that Loose hall is only eligible for the 1M league
on south Campus.
in picking Loose hall to win the basketball championship, my car
ports reflected the fact that iowa is the only state in the midwest,
and one of the few states in the country, in which girl’s high School
basketball is played. Therefore, Iowa is the primary “recruiting
ground" of the midwest. Because of this factor, it. is not the hall with
the most out of state talent, but rather the hall with the most Iowa-fred
personally which has the best chance of security first place. Thus,
the obvious choice for the 1M championship is Cleveland hall which
houses 18 healthy, intellectual, corn—fed iowa girls.
Speaking of basketball, 1 promised three weeks ago that after the
University of iowa played U.C.L.A. and Michigan 1 would discuss
their situation again. i must contest that the banks faced somewhat
better than I thought they would. i did not see the U.c.L.A, game.
but from all accounts they beat the trains thoroughly with a very
strong game. I did see the Michigan game, however, which unfortunately became a details. It must be a real nightmare to turn over
the ball seven straight times without a shot, or to watch your opponent
score 19 points in a row, but these things as well as the entire game
can be explained by three factors. First, and most obviously, the banks
played a poor game. recently, they lack experience which showed up
when faced by Michigan's awesome power and talent. shortly, Iowa
has no depth. Most of the time they have only four first rate players
on the noon As 1 stated earlier, they are a year away from having an
excellent team. With the addition of a few junior college transfers or
members of this year’s trash team, they could win the title next year.
 
swingers to Meet Carleton.
Si. Olaf ai Norihfield Today
through a disappointing Weekend,
the freshmen won their third
,straight game. Their victims were
the joe headlines who succumbed
by a score of 95786. The freshmen
lost their first game to cam‘iurg
92-76 but have responded with victorian over plymouth 90-75, Central 72—37, and joe.
The freshmen team features balanced scoring with all five quarters
operating between twelve and
nineteen points. The two guards,
Mike Schwartz and Jim wilson,
forwards Greg Rankin and Dick
sussex add selection and thirteen
points with Roger Able, the center, getting fifteen points a game.
Against joe. Schwartz, Rankin.
and sussex each scored 19 points
while wilson and Able scored 16
apiece. Russ Heuckendorf and Don
Southworth also contributed to the
scoring,
According to coach Barry Anderson, (Joe was the toughest team
the freshmen have faced this years
Good ball handling and free throw
shooting won the game for Grin-
fire contributing n i n e t e e n and i well.
would catering PIZZA;
 
From
DENO'S
Don't forge! those SUBMARINES
on Mon. and Wed. file — 9-12 p.ml
FREE DELIVERY
Winners of five straight dual
meets, Grinnell College's swingers will be out to extend the
stream to seven this weekend
when they head north to take
on Carleton and St. Olaf at
Northlield, Minn.
The Carleton meet is set for
4 p.m. Friday; the St, Olaf
dual for 1:30 pm Saturday.
Coach Irv Simone plans no
major Pioneer linear changes.
Thirteen boys have scored
points in Grinnell’s wins over
Augustana (111.), joe, Mon<
mouth, Lawrence, and Beloit
and 12 of them have claimed
first place points at least once.
Ray Langham, Bill month and
Howard Schein will go in the
sprint events; Ralph gray and
Bill Batschelet in the distance
races: Ken sherman and Eric
Jacobson in one butterfly; Tony
norton and charles cornell
in the backstroke; John iraqi
and John chris in the breaststroke; and iraqi and cornell
in the individual wesley,
sherman and Pray continued
their assaults on the record
book in last weekend’s wins
Friday, February II, I?“
Neimen to impose
Conference Teams
Dropped from second place
to the collar by four straight
Midwest Conference road
losses, Grinnell’s Pioneers will
have another chance at two of
the four commentary this weekend.
The Pioneers will host St.
Olaf at 7:30 pm. Friday at
party symposium and will
take on Carleton at 1:30 pm
Saturday at the same site.
St, Olaf is led by forwards
Jeff Nelson and penny jason
and guards Dave sense and
Eric Gi‘imsrud; Carleton by
forwards Rick Chap, John dirty, and Emmett Terwilliger
and guard Ron lenders.
wrestling Win One
In Double-dual Meet
Last Saturday the variety
matter faced Simpson College
and Upper Iowa in a double
dual meet at Simpson. Grinnell travelers took second, depending Upper Iowa 17-14 and
then losing to Simpson 20718.
Bill Barnes and Ken Strubv
her wrestling at 123 and 130
pounds respectively were sun<
helpful against both opponents.
Mike Deatherage at 147 pounds
split his two matches and Larry Miller, a 167 founder,
changed up a win and a pin.
party bingo, wrestling at in
pounds, lost his first match
and ended the second in a
draw.
John charge, u freshman.
wrestling at l57 in exhibition
detected both opponents. But
conference rules do not permit charge to greatly variety
officially.
over Lawrence and Beloit, sherman cut his school and pool
marks in me ZOO-yard butterfly oo z:12.5 and Pray dropped
his school standard in the 200a
yard lifestyle to 2202.7 and
then to 2:013.
sherman and norton were
victory in their specializing in
both meets, Langham was a
double winner against Lawrence, as was iraqi against
Beloit.
 
 
JUST ARRIVED!!
"‘e VIllAGER
Dresses
classes
Accessories
ETC. . . . ETC.
.. ‘ AP-PATIE
GRINNELL
 
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Postoffica
GRINNELL. IOWA
 
