lN ONE of the most massive of recent
student court sessions, the courts heard
CefHP president lab quote and AWS
President Karen Louterbach defend the
warning".
nineteen student leader; who participated
 
 
 
 
in the Thanksgiving Eva delivering villa.
tion of the college limitation rule. The
courts handed the students a “severe
see photos oy l-henry Wilhelm
 
prince College
Oldest College Newspaper west oi the Mississippi
 
Vols LXXIV
Grinnell, Iowa, Friday, December 2. mo
 
student Leaders comment
On Goals. Plans for Future
By SUZANNE GELBER
"Progress, thus far, has been
more supervision than real," see
marked SGA President Steve
Kent, expression the opinions or
the SGA Executive Cabinet on
the administration reaction to
rules protest during a noon
meeting Wednesday with 5&3
reporters. Karen Lauterbach,
AWS Board president, added
that “most significant campus
reform during the past four
years — te, pass-tail, and the
investigation Di interim — has
come about only through Slii<
sent initiative and animation.”
The student government officials feel that the focus of
activity is once again women’s hours, which will most
lately not be institutes until
next tall because some people
feel counseling facilities must
be expanded, “We believe
that the provision or more
adequate counseling services
is a legitimate concern or the
administration in this case,”
commented Karen.
“Student protest." said Bob
quote. “did not accomplish its
basic purpose re the illegal via
stations case a to change press»
sent suggest’s decision about
suspension. However, it did
open the door {or administration certification of its rules
policy and this is at least a
limited victory." Tile student
courts are now considering the
significance of mobility as a
relevant factor in judicial years
legs.
SGA President Steve Kent
offered the following state<
merit:
“I have a connection of
Grinnell. or, more accurately,
— oi what Grlnneil was and
wants Io be, as a daily liberal,
radical, innovative and advertise place. It’s not on original
idea but one I’ve acquired
since coming to Grlnnell and
one which i think a lot oi
Grinnellians hold.
“The decision to suspect
the three students for the rest
or the academic year and the
translations involved hi the
whole process that led up to
that decision, I think raise
some double as to the validity
of my connection The cir-
LEADERS—
(Continued on Page 6)
“War Without End”
By DAVID DILLON
“The victorian's job is to decrease history. Our best scholars are creative artists because
they are creating something
which is their interpretation of
what happened. . . . The use of
history and theater such as the
documentary play is becoming
more popular.” Thus Richard
Meyer, Director 0! Theater.
authorized his View of the investigation oi the historic and
dramatic arts in an interview
on War Without End, by Raymond tests, a faculty member
at Grinnell, now in Africa on
WAR—
(continued on Page 6)
Editor motion
suits cycling
The designation of '67 cycling
editor, milan norton, was approved last Wednesday by the
Board of Publications. She
cited lack of money to hire additional small members (all
staff salaries must be approved
by the Board) and lack of time
to device to the book as the
main reasons for the designs-
MORTON—
(continued on Page 7)
Courts Hear vibrators'
“Concern for Community"
By HAROLD FUSON
In a sense atmosphere clothes by unfriendly sciences and
better places, the Faculty Committee on Student details and the
means sat along with the student primary courts in hearing the
cases of 19 AWS Board and
CoiHP members who deliberately broke the College's
limitation rule last week.
Women's court chief magic
state, Linda real, opened the
Sunday afternoon session in
partner Lounge with a brief
discussion 01‘ the student courts'
approach to violations. Miss
real noted that evidence of a
Violation indicates “a certain
amount of Conflict within the
system.”
The courts, she continued, at-
Leggeii objects
students' Appeal
By HENRY WlLHELM
Last Sunday President Glenn
suggest rejected the final appeal of Robert Hanenberg,
bicycle Anderson and Frank
Knowltori to reduce the suspect
store penalties given them by
the Faculty Committee on Student. Affairs.
suggest said: “I left physical separation from the cam<
put was the proper choice
considering all the available
alternatives.” He said that
the students would be permitted to take their final
exams for this semester “in
nbsentls." They will also be
allowed to scroll as Gﬁshell
students in another college or
university, or in any of Grinnell’s off-campus programs
for which they may be eligible, Credits earned will be
transferred to and accepted
by Grinnell College."
when the case was reviewed
by the Committee on Student
Affairs suggest was out or town.
He said, however, that he had
been in touch with the means by
phone as the case programmes,
When asked by 5&3 about the
APPEALS—
(Continued on Page h)
tampa to “sit down and discuss
the problem" and within the
discussion to realize a “results
tion of the Conflict." While this
case constitutes an “expanded
court session,” the procedure
would remain the same, “Still
discussing the problem involved."
AWS Board President Karen
Lauterbach opened the defense
followed by soil-KP President
Robert quote.
Miss Lauterbech arrested
that at no time was the violation “the result of either
isolated or expensive action
on anyone‘s part.” There
were, she continued, I “large
segment of animated and trust
travel student.” The villa<
(ion was concerned as a “representative action by a rep
reservation group intended to
express the concern of these
students."
The violation according to
Miss Lauterbach was something
the participants “understood
the reasons for and seriously
believed in." it was an action
which was by no means taken
lighter in View of the const«
queries for both the individual!
See Student Court
Statement on Page 4
involved and the college as phones
Miss Lauterbach arrested that
the violation was “not done
merely as a protest." It was an
”action in response to some of
the questions that have been
raised." The violation represented ”mostly a question at
policy and a concern for a process in training at a policy decision." This was a question
“COMMUNITY”—
(Continued on Page 4)
 
printer] Weekend on W.W.I. . . .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
systems GAZE iN AWE at the called-
{ion or World war l posters on display
currently in seheaiier Gallery. The display
is part of the "Grinnell Weekend" activities which today and tomorrow will let-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
now
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
hire a symposium on World War l. Other
related events will be the premier at i.
documentary play on the war by Raymond
works, history, and two settings ol a
French movie. "brands solution
 
Page Two
Editorial . .
Trouble Ahead
Last week’s “illegal limitation” by members of the AWS Board
of the Com? will apparently bring about a certification oi the college’s policy relating to violations of limitations rules and premarital sex among students.
This week President suggest told the 5&3: “On this matter of
Illegal limitation which extends overnight, I just don’t have an open
mind on this . . suggest observed that within the last generation of college students there has been a marked change of attitude
toward premarital sex; “it used to be that ii a boy spent the night
with a girl they would be immediately expected and no questions
would be asked” But now, as evidenced by the demonstratiomlast
week, some students are taking a different attitude about it. suggest said "Maybe the time has come that we must put some sort
oi statement on premarital sex in the catalog. Maybe the time has
come that the small college must say this is the climate of opinion
and values we have here."
suggest has, by his own admission, changed his mind about
his previous statement on in logo parental, (“I don’t believe in the in
logo parental concept The time is gone when the administration of
a college can template student mobility. . . son September 10,
1965). .
For his current view oi in logo parental suggest pointed to a
recent magazine article on small colleges ln which he was quoted:
“All societies are founded on the idea of in logo parental. . . . It
depends on what kind of parent you're talking about. We don’t believe in tyrannical control, but neither do we believe in medication."
.(stuck, October 4, 1966).
suggest says he sees the function and nature of the small college as very much different total the large university and gave the
opinion that die small college cannon encourage the variety of
people and behaviour that the university can, “What you want is
omogeneity in academic and r i i in moral standards."
suggest indicated that it was a function of the college to establish the “proper environment” for students to live in and be highway
recognized the interrelationship ot academic and non-academic life.
But as recent statements from suggest (see article on page 1,
"suggest objects Students’ Appeal”), the administration's “advisory" oi the Faculty Committee on Student client in their decision
X0 suspect three students and the administration’s inﬂhence which
promoted the membership of “The Chairs” (see 5&8, October 7 and
14) all indicate, suggest and the means intend to not only decide
What sort of “environment” the Grinnell student should have but
also what sort or penalties will be given to vibrators.
We think this is a matter or concern for students and faculty
alike. We think the inclusion of “moral guidelines”, defined by the
administration, on matters or student conduct has very serious and
very negative implications, We think the administration may he on
the verse of taking a major step bookmarks in its quest for the
“homogeneous moral and academic community.”
. Because of the current trend toward discrimination of rules in
most schools across the country, Grinnell and other small schools
like it may soon find themselves to be rather alone with rule Structures that Eliseo views recently turned "messages of the 19th Centum”
In a recent New York Times survey of eastern college rules
(April 25, 1966 page 1:7) Ruth warning, assistant dean for residence
calls at Cornell (New York), where junior and senior girls have to
check into their forms only once a day, said: We don’t ask what
they do and we don’t want to know, We don’t ask because the girls
are produced to be responsible.”
The article commented: “Not one university official interpreted expressed dissatisfaction with the results of the specialized
rules — although several said they expected serious trouble." columbia, Cornell. abraham, New York University. Princeton and
yale were included in the survey; almost all have legal limitation
hours that easily exceed Grinnell’s three hours per week. We would
rather not believe Grinnell is really that different or that the students are significantly less mature than their eastern counterparts.
We comment the efforts this year of student government to
bring the relevant issues up for discussion and we comment the encountered attitude oi the student courts in taking a construction
counseling approach to student problems. We compare this with the
administration's specially historical need to “separate front the
campus" vibrators of an integrated sexual ethic,
We think the idea of the “community court” is a good one;
whether or not it will work depends largely on the attitude of the administration. It would appear that the gulf between the administrator's “separation is necessary" and the student courts' “a severe
warning the first time” attitudes may be too much [0 breach
. We also see serious difficulties facing SGA in their attempts to
bring the college more in line with the reality of the present student
generation. in a speech given at Parents Weekend last year (0center is, 1965) suggest said:
. . our colleges are managed by students, but I hope
only in the sense that their welfare, not their votes, decide
what lS_ to be done, Surely event government exists because
it provides an arena of thai big and a way of communication
between faculty and students, not because ot any genuine
political necessity. what it comes down to is that neither
college specials our parents want to find themselves in a
system where the political and social rights of students are
confused with their academic welfare and allowed to wars
it on the grounds that a Student cannon be denied in college
all the freedoms he has in his outside society. Students
should not be remembered with rules. Their society in the
long‘run probably needs to be self regulation; but. college
officials,_ not students have to define the environment in
which this seltreguialing society is to operate, and it students
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. December 2, im
Valid congratulations
i suppose that in writing a
column, 1 take on a responsibility. In including the word "re»
Sponsibility,” I find that it
breaks down into the ability to
respond, which, it Antigone is
right, i must do if I can. 1 do
believe in Antigone.
The questions, then, are,
“What do I respond to?" and
“How do I respond?" i could respond to my internal reﬂaction,
write a catalogue, a stream“consciousness nonsense story.
but that just dress't seem right.
I mean right in any way you
want to concerns or it: totally
right, automatically, or surely
continually right. You can
choose of these because I feel
that I ought to respond to external stimuli (the school) rather
than internal stimuli (myself);
it would be better, for the newspaper and the school, if the column were relevant; and, by
God, I just want to talk about
what is going on.
Now, how dog respond? First,
there has to be a reason to respond, a point to make, a relevant comment. Up until this
point, i have been writing with
one principle in mind: go to
the extreme to get the point
across. It’s just like teaching it
small Child not. to take cookies
from the cookie jar; to make
your point, you don’t say, “No,
no, bad, bad." You give him
a solid stack on the rear end.
Sn 1 have attempted to go in
an extreme with points, hoping
that students, intelligent enough
and, therefore, indignant
enough to tone down the extremely, would happen upon
exactly the point I was trying
to make. In some cases, it
worked.
But, lo and behind, as some»
one very gently pointed out to
me, there is a large reference
between the extreme and the vocational. One dress't make any
point by being vocational except
the point that he is vocational,
And perhaps this mistake oi
confusion and extreme, as a
method of making a point, with
the vocational, or beyond reason,
was committed this past week
by the student leaders of the
College. In thinking that the
protest was merely going to am
extreme to make a point, perhaps they shipped into the vocational by not evaluating all
possible means within the system before going outside of it in
commitment an illegal act.
It would be opportunity if
they thought that they were dying to elicit a "flexible policy"
of handling student violations,
while actually, that is just what
they were completing: a “theta
able policy” is a contamination
in terms, besides being a great
danger to justice it merely by
the fact that the extreme limit
use of the word ”flexibility” is
“whom". On whose which do
you wish to depend? Do you
want whom or do you want a
more liberal policy, on “amelioration” of the positive settle
ads used with regard to rule
vibrators? Do you want whom
or do you want a defining, structured gardening upon which to
base a legal system?
P e r h a p 5 these questions
should have been answered be
more you protected; and if you,
the student leaders, have answered them, why didn’t you
give the student body a chance
to see and perhaps amend your
connection of the student body's
desired? Perhaps you after too
history. —Paul R. Jones
 
Letters . . .
To the Editor:
The recent suspension of
three principal students has
served to highlight three central issues, the certification
and analysis of which are long
average by both faculty and
students. The most permalink
and fundamental issue concerns
the role of Grinnell College in
US. society at this time. is
the College to be constantly an
encuiturator or received ideas,
feelings, and patterns of behavior or is it to be dominant
ly a place where the received is
originally scrutinized and the
new calculated and tested? is
Grinncli College to be a center
for distant and radical innoya»
tion or for the furthermore of,
at best, a discriminatingly slots
ed status que? Answers to these
questions have implications for
the type of student the College
adults, the type of faculty it
attempts, the amount and source
of financial support available
to it, and the types of “academic“ programs it offers
A second permalink issue, one
closely related to the first is,
what shall Grinncll College
mean by "education"? Does
"education” refer to warning
familiarity with and verbal
fluency in the conceptual categories and trademarks that have
nominated western and eastern
thought in the past and currently without attending expli—
title to the relevance or these
 
do not find this environment to their taste, then the adjust
ment is theory, not the college’s to make. and it is a matter
of poverty to announce it.”
We think the administration is a little confused about what
Dean S. Eugene Thompson recently referred to as “. . . the line
between caring about young people and caring for young people."
We are worried about the kind of student who will come to a
school that takes the corresponding views of students' ability to
run their own personal lives that Grinnell does.
Henry Steele Comniager, writing in the Saturday Review (August 27, 1%6) on “The Nature 01 Academic Freedom" said:
“The notion that the University should act "in logo pay‘enter"
to its students is a relatively new and Limited one: to this
day it. is combined pretty much to the Englishrspeakiug countries, and unknown elsewhere. The principle 01 “in logo
parents" was doubtless suitable enough in an earlier era,
when boys went to college at the age of thirteen or courtesy;
if is a bit ridiculous in a society where most students are
mature enough to harry and raise families.”
We Suggest that the administration and faculty especially, take
a long hard look into the current trend oi administrative policy,
especially the educational implications oi the idea that students
should all accept a uniiorin “moral code ot behavior" which must
also be the administration's.
We suggest that die administration study the recommendations
set forth in the American Association of University processors'
“Statement on the Academic Freedom of Students" (December 1965
AAUF Bulletin) which outline a just procedure for handling student
“violations"i
And this week Leggetl. observed: “There is a fundamental disagreement With students on this matter of the moral question." We
agree. —n. w.
 
GRINNELL COLLEGE
orluneil. lawn
charles and Blue
A weekly newspaper published britney or the college year by oi-lu
nﬂ'l Committee on student ruolicullous. Represented int national nov r
tissue by National advertising Service, inc, college publishers Rep
sensitive. to east both Street. New York, 2-» NY. second class postage
paid at criuneii, lows. Subscription rate 5 per sci-mon year. icon bold
subscriptions.
notion
nusmns a
MANAGING EDITOR
Harold jason
susan uni
henry Wilhelm
for the everyday, moment-document life of the student; or
does it refer to learning how
to extrapolate from concrete information and instructions to
one’s own life in it personally
and normally meaningful and
satisfying way? Does principal
hold there is a difference between “education” and “preparation for life" or that these
are synonymous terms?
Regardless if Grinnell is to be
constantly either traditional‘or
innovative, “education" or “life
preparing,” what part are students to play in the conduct at
the (Zone 7 Are they to de«
service, j ntly or in parallel
with the faculty, or single, the
rules governing their behavior
—academic, social, etc. 7 or determine that there need he
no rules at all? How “possible"
in operational, psychological,
and sociological terms is generally (not nominated) point
studentrfacully governance in
which a student vote has the
same weight in the decision
making process as does the
faculty vote?
Inquiry into these underlying
issues presents an opportunity
for construction, but challenging, distant by both Grinneil
students and faculty.
—george eastern
Professor at Education
and Philosophy
a a .
Supports passengers
To the Editor:
One of the arguments currently being used by students
who do not.wish to sign the
various statements expression
reservations about the demonstration made by the Cofl-l'P
and the ass Board last week
is this: there is no need to express reservations since nothing
bad has happened.
1 think it should be pointed
out to these students that the
bad results of the defensive.
tion are real and permanent
even though not immediately
visible. Prospective donors to
the College come, for the most
part, ti-om social and economic
classes who extract a mobility
opposed to such concentrations.
The publicity attending on the
demonstration was largely unavailable; such donors are apt
either not to make gifts to the
College at all or to reduce their
LETTERS—
(Continued on Page 7)
 
Friday. December 2. [966
SCARLET AND BLACK
sun Tllru
 
Senate Supports Student Leaders
sites ’lnconsisiencies’ in Policy great
By DON WINNEY
The Senate overwhelmingly
passed n resolution Wednesday
night expression support for
the actions of the Executive
Cabinet and the joint house
treatments. The resolution, introduced by bank Balikov,
read:
Whereas the Executive Cab«
luet has after with the almost registration in demonstration the student body‘s
concern with the penalty
handed the 3 suspended students and the need for cloth
location in the policy area;
And whereas the present
violation and penalty was
simply an example of the
basic lnconsislencis of inspection and punishment in the
policy area;
And whereas by petition
and group meeting the Executive Cabinet informed the student body or the reasons behind the proposed action and
the timing of dist action;
The Senate indicates its
concern over the existing Situation and gives its full sun<
31mm
311304.
By JON MEGIBOW
stillborn, an experimental
film by New York university
students will be shown in the
Forum on Monday, December
5, The camera work, editing
and acting, as well as the direction, are completely nunrpl'oA
emotional. For a student production the film has had a great
deal of commercial Success in
experimental theaters on both
charts. The plot, if a surrealistic film can have a 'plot’, deals
With the mounting remembrunce of a dead romance. Two
young people meet on a warren,
reserved plain. The boy is then
carried through a series at
dream sequences involving
around boui the girl and on
failure of the relationship.
Finally the boy is delivered to
(receivers) the relationship’s
beginning. This central scene,
in which black and while are
reserved, works superior to
nobody the irashnass and
beauty of the exception at the
romance. What keeps the film
tom shipping into either instead
awareness or avantrgarde confusion ls the Camera work. The
delivery and precision of the
cimematography are in dial.
serves enough to recommend
the ﬁlm
port to the attempts of the
Executive Cabinet and Joint
House treatments to respond
to it.
By “inconsistencies," Balikov
said he meant the punishment
or a social patents by academic
penalties. Speaking for the rest
action, he said, “Ever since I’ve
been here, the primary arctic
of the administration has been
to talk _ to talk and talk and
talk.” Only through action by
students, he said, has a particular Student issue been re<
Solved.
Speaking against the resolution, Sandy permalink said, “Too
many broad general conCEms
were involved in the protest.
The faculty and administration
is now aware of these concerns
and further action might antagonize them and is unwarranted.”
Most senators agreed that, in
light of a petition now circular«
ing among the student body expression reservation about the
action, the Senate should reaction it by expression normal
approved-tent.
On a point of information,
Bob quote stated his belief that
any future illegal limitations ap<
presented by student leaders
and taken to student court
would result in a serious gaming, For any illegal limitation
represented by the FSA Committee, he Said, “I worlds't
want to be one of the students.
Aiicr the Senate passed the
resolution, Karen Lauterhacll
said she thought students in
the last few days had been
too preoccupied with the
propriety or appropriate of
the action, with repercussions of the action, and were
formatting about the purpose
or the protest. She said communication between students
and faculty had never been a
problem in the affair and that
sun] communication had coupled since the protest.
Before the resolution was introduced, lion Johnston, peter—
ing social coordinator, gave a
few “tearsoakcd” comments of
firewall. l-la encouraged the
new social coordinator to introduce people to new ideas and
to new things. The marketing of
entertainment, he said, should
be thought oi not only in terms
of cost but also in terms of
worth to the Student body, in
terms or campus reaction and
whether the event Will contribute to the campus. Because
of the coordinator’s freedom
and secretary control, Johnston
Said, the coordinator is in a
unique position to bring in out<
side people like Pike or Carmichal to star up the campus.
He tried that this and other innovations be enabled.
TOM'S lONGHORN
 
Carletonians Demand destinations
A statement recently an
scared in the Carleton College
student newspaper calling for
the designation of the college
president, the dean of women,
and the men's dean. The statements, written by Carleton Stu<
sent Association President Pete
Iverson a nd Men's League
PIESldent Bob laser, resulted
in the administration's filing of
IversOn from his sponsorship.
The Iversorbli’laser statement
claimed: “. r . if the College
wishes to impose its rules and
its mobility through a Faculty
Administration Committee, students should have nothing to do with such a structure. We
cannon corporate with a body
whose basic reasons and premises for existence are ones
which we believe to be invalid."
Iverson was discussed bar
cause of “nonrcooperation with
regulations, the enforcement of
which he was paid by the college to perform,” according to
Dean of the College, cialis
furthermore, The Dean of
Men, carroll Jarchow, said that
[person showed a "lack of low-
Christmas Dance
In North Lounge
Come Out of the branches,
men of North Campus! The war
to end all wars will end to»
narrow evening for the benefit
or a Christmas party.
Playing for the dance in
North Lounge from 9:30 to 12. u
will be members of the Red
counters Band, who played
here for Homecoming last year.
There will also be a xerox
quarter concert at l0230 iii the
South Lounge.
Dress for the event, double
filled as the Christmas Formal
and the Forum Birthday Party,
is costs and ties and Cocktail
dresses. But there is also strong
statement on South Campus for
long formats. Some women will
be wearing long formats.
NEW
BUCK OWENS
hard Album:
$1.25 Each
many moss
DYNA STEREO
GOMPONENTS
Stereo 70 basic amplifier
PAS-3 Preamplifier
FM-3 Multiplex FM tuner
2 EN. Speakers.
12 TEX ill aristocrat
Bell Tops Deck
Knight KP-70 tape dreams
All As New
At 1/2 New Price
Sell all at part
HAROLD TICE
rh. 235.4121
alto" and no college employee
could be retained who didn't
maintain "an image of public
unity." lverson is still in good
Standing as a student.
A letter signed by 45 of 49
residents on jackson‘s floor informed are Dean that they
would continue to regard Iverson as their tractor and connector.
Another tractor, John Wilson,
son of University at Minnmota
President 0. Meredith Wilson
and senior conceptual ol the
basketball team, Claimed that
he coupon't confidentiality en-
force a set of rules in which ha
did not believe, designed (W0
days after lverson was fired.
The Student Senate and the
Men's League were both invited
to send generates to the newly
formed Faculty-administration
Committee on Social Policy
meeting and refused to do so.
Both groups felt that they
could not work with a structure
whose very existence is contrary to their beliefs. On Nov.
14. the Senate reserved its de<
vision and voted to send reply«
securities to the committee to
discuss social policy.
 
 
1, How come you've been getting
but-h swimming computer data?
1 guest you haven't
seen any personality
qiicstionnnin».
to
3. “Plot tlic ocariui."
/2‘
5, You mean to tell ma
those greatJonkinngirls
go for there things
It's the list item that
rapidly clliltllc: it.
7. “Five foot two.
113 pounds.
N'still‘lhic'l "
4 “Like december
trviitlii sales."
e. “stopping into small job with
available Life. Conrl pay.
Fascinating work. Plenty of
chance to mph up."
I think I'll sec
Janc tonight, susan
tomorrow and iran
the day other.
For career opportunities at available. see your Placement editor, or
write to Patrick scotland, Manpower Development Division.
The EQUmBlE Life Assurance Society of the united States
Homo coast [:85 Ave. at the Amcrlcu, it." York, mt. room ”Egon-bl: mo
Au soon: Opportunity Employer. M/r
 
Page Four
SCARLET AN D BLACK
Friday, December 2. Iqtb
 
) "Community”
(Continued from Page 1)
"asked by many students and
faculty members,"
More broader the violation
was an expression of “committnient to the concept or
community not only in an
ideal sense but in a practical
sense.” Moreover, the violation was made necessary out
of a personal feeling on our
part that this decision (to suspect three students) had
brought to our attention a
problem that needed immediate attention.” -
“Mainly what needs to be reemphasized," Miss Lauterbach
said, “is the appointment to
the concept and process of community."
quote opened his part of the
defense with an attempt to tell
"why I have felt as strongly as
l have.”
quote quoted two sections
from the college catalog. The
first was number seven of the
nine “objectives of the college”:
To help him acquire an
understanding of himself —
of his talent, his limitations,
his needs, and his limitations
—so that he may make wise
decisions regarding his voca»
tion, his choice or a mate, and
his way of Life.
“The whole process is an education one,” quote said. “The
Student makes mistakes and
the college should help without
termination its relationship
with him.”
He then referred to the description of conduct promotion
given in the catalog (pp. 55-56):
Conduct promotion is a recognition or general lack of
cooperation in citizenship, or
01 the breaking of some specific rule. The terms of this
promotion are defined in each
case by the administrative our
ﬂclass choosing the promotion
penalty.
This promotion is a warning that severe discipline will
be imposed ii the accident on
promotion is again reported
for a similar lock oi cooperation or for violation at a social rule of the college.
in light oi this statement,
quote called for a clarkﬁnation
of the college’s disciplinary
policy.
Furthermore, quote said, “I
think this case is an information that student government
as it now stands is interactive
and has no purpose.“ quote
said that in his four years at
Grinnell there had been no
progress toward any oi the
student’s goals for social
rules changes.
instead, the three sections,
administration, faculty and students simply ‘butt their heads
together} “I don’t think I would
encourage anybody to spend
four years under it system like
this,” he said.
Specifically, quote Called for
changes in two critical areas,
the role at the Faculty Committee on Student Affairs and the
college’s counseling program.
he pointed to the dual role of
the Faculty Committee as both
a policy making and a musicians
body. ‘If this Committee does
have two roles, diet should be
deﬁnew," quote said, and perhaps two committees are used
ed to replace the present one.
Both committees, photo
said, should involve as voting
members all three [actions of
the community. “I think they
(the students) have a defining
right to be represented,"
quote said.
“Students feel a very defining
concern,” quote continued, for
a “separate counseling system”
disorder from disciplinary
bodies. Presently, quote said,
"Students may heritage in rating help from the means” because at the possibility oi disc
primary action.
The possibility ot obtaining
these changes are, boots said,
Are Country Sei' .
Girls Really Spoiled?
Yes ——
Who stopped them?
We Did
. POYNTER’S
4th Ave. sessions
For Those Holiday Gifts . . .
ZIMM'S COAST-T0 -C
 
Need for Community Court Seen
By KRYS NEUMAN
The Student Court's decision
to issue a severe warning.
rather than a penalty, to the 19
house treatments who publicly
participated in illegal limitations last week was character
isaac ot the change in emphasis
oi the Student Court this year.
The present court philosophy
stresses personal responsibility
rather than external punishment.
Along with the change in philosophy, Student Court members
had hoped to improve the entire judicial system at Grinnell.
A community court system was
being discussed as a means of
solving the problem at comes«
location breakdown between students, faculty and administration over judicial issues.
The Men's and Women’s Primary Courts have already taken
a step in this direction by recently combining efforts. Tim
bailey, Chief Magistrate. reports that the move has been
quite successful.
Since the breakdown in communication alter the suspension
case, a committee has been ep<
pointed to structure a total community court.
in the dealtime, the Student
Court plans to indicate a com—
munich court system on a trial
basis. “We will invite The mac-
"The only reason i am staying
on in this system. There is
hope.”
After a brief functioning session, the courts announced into
private session with the means
and the faculty. The artists’
statement of their decision is
to the right.
diet Speaker Coming
Slides and a lecture on diet
Nam are stated for 8 pm. Wednesday in the South Lounge of
the Forum. The speaker will be
Dr. Christopher Koch of wellington College, wellington,
Vermont. A coffee hour, sponsored by IRC, will follow an informal discussion.
A professor or English literature, Dr. Koch toured North
diet Nam during 1964, the year
Congress approved a resolution
giving President Johnson authority to resist aggressive in
Southeast Asia.
ulty Committee on Student affairs and the means to our Court
when any significant case prices
that we are designated to handle,” Said Bailey and the other
chief Magistrate. Linda real.
“We would hope to discuss cases
in community as we did on Sunday. The Court’s procedure is
to discuss a case, first of all
With the defendant himself. given the defendant is asked to
consider and suggest his own
penalty. Depending on the needs
oi the defendant, the Court may
act in an advisory, rather than
legislative capacity.
Under the present structure,
when The Committee and The
means sit in on a case there will
be unlimited discussion, but
only Student court members ac<
really vote. This was true on
Sunday when the house treatments’ case came before the
Court.
The two illustrated further
Commented, “We would, in fact,
like to see on campus. all further cases of rule inspection
handled by the discussion method."
Court Statement
We see the court not merely
as a body to meta out penalties.
Rather we see violations of col.
legs regulations as indicating of
conflict or pensions within the
environment. We then try to
respond to those conflicts with
appropriate solutions. it we feel
these solutions include traditional penalties, then penalties
are prescribed. it, however, we
feel the solution to a particular
conflict does not beside in penalty, we then seek an answer to
the problems raised by con»
writing all or the members of
the community involved in the
specific action.
The particular- occasion for
which we have met is the villa
tion of the limitation regulation by to students on Wednesday, November 23, 1966 We
feel that there are tivo ways
in which to view the violation.
First, the action can be seen as
a protest, raising questions re
warning the specsﬁc decision of
suspension for a previous case
of illegal limitation questions
involving the lack o clear complexity policies regarding such
violations, the penalties imposed
for such violations, and the administration's position on questions oi premarital sexual relations. explicit in these proc
less are additional questions
of the buildings' role in peter-
 
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE
"the sex"
restaurant -cocktail lounge
sieu ks
Next to the Theater
Your Grinnell Gift Headquarters
mining these policies and partiCipating in those decisions,
To these goals at which the
protest was aimed, the court
can only agree.
They are valid and in need
of imnlctliute attention. However, given the confusion
which rcsullietl from much
broader concerns being attached to the specsﬁc issue
being protected, the opportunity misinterpretatinns that
have born made by various
elements of the community
regarding the purpose ot the
actions, and the personal 11':discussions that have ensure,
We would deeply question the
method used to bring these
issues forcefully to the comments’s attention. The court
cannon monkey the p o i n t
strongly enough that further
actions of this nature at this
time by any group would be
viewed by us as supervisors
and hence irresponsible conduct on the part of those iiivolved.
Whatever the method, significant problems hate been
raised. Because these problems
were seen as total community
concerns and because of our
philosophy of consulting Ill involved parties, illl elements or
the Community were invited to
participate in the discussions
attempting to find the appropriate solutions. The faculty was
represented by its chairman,
Mr. Wall, and the Faculty Come
little on Student Affairs; the
administration by the student
means; and the students by the
A,W.S. Board, the Council of
House President, the executive
cabinet and the Primary Court.
Out of this discussion cams
some specific ideas and re
presentations for entering the
existing judicial Structure in
order to create a new structure
representing all elements of the
community in decisions to be
implemented. A mechanism for
continuing discussion on questions that could not be sufficiently discussed (during the
first meeting was of primary
concern to the court and the
mechanism has been established.
The second Way in which the
action in question can be Viewed
is as an ordinary student Violation of a college regulation.
One of the recognized aims of
this college is to Encourage personal decision and contracts»
tion with one’s environment
during the four-year educational
process. In line with this aim,
the court seeks to give sublime—
ent opportunity for this selfexamination. A first violation
of a college regulation is an
opportunity for a student vibrator to be made fully aware of
his existence in b larger end
agreement and the requirement
placed upon him to live within
that framework. A proper Court
response then should be a War
ing, to give the student an op.
community for a period of Sci!appraisal. therefore, the court’s
policy has been that in most
cases of first offense. 3 Serious
warning is issued to the Student
vibrator that additional violations may result in more serious
penalties such as conduct promotion or suspension.
in line with our‘ policy of presentation, rather than positive,
action, we informed the 19 installed student violations the;
2 ey have been se e y u-arnc
by the court. Th‘e charged
with a first oltenscr Any further similar action on the part
on any involved vibrator would
make him subject to a more
serious response from ‘he‘
court.
OAST
The store where your dollar does the most!
 
 
 
LeMOYNE has an annual work-day during
which students clean up the school
grounds anti have an all-around good time
 
doing it. Special events such as this one
have been increased as a likely time for
short term exchange visits.
LeMoyne Program Needs Overhaul
By KRYS NEUMAN
Ed. Note: The following
article about the LeMoyne—
Grinneii exchange program is
based on a questionnaire
sent to students who have
participated in the program
and those faculty and administration members who have
been in some way involved
with it.
Last Week the 5&3 printed
the first part ot the article
which dealt with criteria for
selecting a good exchange
student.
Although LeMoyne College re—
residents drew a picture of the
ideal exchange student similar
[0 that oi crinnellions, some of
them were quite opened critical
or previous Grinnell representatives on the exchange.
LeMoyne faculty would require a student to be first and
forecast “open, honest and
direct" In manner and media
rated primarily by the concern
desire to understand and contribute to a different environment. One participant required
that exchange students from
both schools “restrict their
parochialism and pride."
The sentence toward coitstructive community involve—
ment was emphasized in the
choosing of applicants, far
and above the consideration
of grades. “Students should be
selected for the program who
have indicated in past actions
(not 1qu in writing) that they
can participate constructively in community pursuant.
This criterion should not be
come a means of selecting
students whose action has intended some members of the
college but it who‘old he used
to eliminate any applicants
who have little or no actual
experience in comments ac-
“on.”
Another response called for
the Student who would “get
something started” and suggested possibilities "n munich—
an,_ actor, political activity,
photographer, club organizer,
journalist or unorthodox thinks
er.” A third response listed
ways in which Grinnell students
had already contributed effectively on a "give-and-take in-
agreement” in academics too,
voting that there has been
"conspicuously less success in
this area." in fact. it was re—
posted that some Grinnell students resulted LeMoyne by the
corresponding attitude that they
displayed toward Classwol’k and
even toward other students at
LcMoyne.
This particular response went
on to say that a cooperative at<
titude in the classroom was pal"
regularly important at the present time since LeMoyne students. in increasing numbers,
are striking toward acceptance
at Northern graduate schools
where much competition will be
in the form of Northern white
students. Grinnell students —main or otherwise — new represent the measure of competition.
“The Grinnell representative
to Leivloyne must be a good
student, but the kind ui good
student who is able to share
knowledge rather than certificate on it."
The answers of the Leiloyne
faculty to the questionnaire
pointed out that Grinnell students should be prepared for
the fact that they affect the entire Leivloyne community even
by their international actions
it was reported, for instance,
that previous exchange students
seriously decreased the quality
oi academic life at LeMoyne
by affecting a too great increase in the social life.
Further, instead of changing stereotype race concepts
about white students they reportedly reintorced them (although only among those who
did not know them personally). “For example, it was
quite widely believed, especially among women students,
that Grinnell students came
to LeMoyne for one reason,
sex; or, by those more included to be charitable, for a
good time; and/or because
they were looking for an easy
academic load (this last View
was confirmed by some crinnellians themselves)"
Both LeMoyne and Grinnell
participants in the survey suggested expansion of the pros
gray beyond the basis of the
present student exchange.
They all reached enthusiastically to the idea oi faculty exchanges, although only one pro
lesson has participated in such
an exchange since [he exception or the program several
years ago ‘The Leivloyne-Grinnell exchange was originally
seen as a studentrfaculty pro
gray for which it was assumed
[here would he a Substantial
interest," said Registrar Dale
Terry who is the former administrator of the program at
Grinnell. The present admin'
trader of the program here,
Richard H. centers (Associate
Dean of the College) now complaint about insuiiicient applicants.
red Donuhoe (theater) is
the one professor who has
participated in the exchange.
(He is now on a leave of absence to San Francisco State
College in California). “Dona.
how‘s visit was a great book
to the drama program at LeMoyne as well as a great
calculation to the campus in
general and a wonderful experience inn Donahoe himself. i think more opportunity
should be made available for
this type or program it it is
a desire on the part oi the
faculty,” Wrote one of the exchange students.
Faculty exchanges were mentioned as a means of strengthening specific departments and
of providing courses that could
not otherwise be offered. One
exchange student used the examples of art and psychology
at LeMoyne; these are not yet
major fields of study there and
could easily use an added boost.
Joseph a. Wall, Chairman of
the Faculty at Grinnell, noted
 
LeMOVNE COLLEGE i! consolidated in
several blocks, isolated somewhat from
the surrounding city. but adjacent to the
predominantly lower»class
campus it a
that his own department (history), for example, would benefit by a special seminar on the
LeMoyne course “Civil War and
reconstruction."
Wall was or the opinion that
the exchange program has been
“too much for the individual
and not for the community” and
that “Grinnell has not taken as
great advantage of the program
as has LeMoyne.” He felt that
faculty exchanges would more
effectively serve the entire
community.
Wall pointed out the reason
[or hesltnncy of Grinnell faculty in the past and a likely
solution: “There has to be
general agreement that a faculty exchange to LeMoyne
does not irnpiy giving up a
leave of absence or affect a
sabbatical leave —- being part
of the LeMoyne community is
still being part of Grinnell’st"
commentary on the total program Well said: “We haven’t
begun to touch the question of
exchanges. Maybe we have
been too formal in our think»
log, not experimental thought"
Certainly the questionnaire respondents had a wide variety of
ideas of an experimental nature.
polyphonic lectures were sun—
tested along with visiting lectureships. o they suggestions
were the trading of art exhibits
and basketball teams and reciprocal visits to special events
and conferences, such as “The
Grinnell Weekend." One party —
part thought communication
would be greatly improved by
exchange columns in the school
newspapers.
“The most creative and interest-crossing Grimlell efforts on the LeMoyne campus
were the production of Sartre‘s The clips, supervisor by
Mr. Donahue but after by
LeMoyme students, and Reverend newly’s talk on existentialism and three-hour long
discussion with interested students. The explanation of individual fingers and jazz
groups from LeMoy to
Grinnell has good gossip es,
as do sports team exchanges.
Lectures alone don’t hold
much interest (for one thing,
the contact is too transition
to be very effective)."
Many questionnaire parties»
pants were excited about the
visit to LeMoyne by Grinnell’s
student drama production of
“Slow Dance on the Killing
around‘K But finding financial
support for this production was
housing area, The Grinnell student going
a great difficulty of the production staff. The theater department has no funds admitted for
road tours and the budget for
the LeMoyne program makes no
allowance for such special projects.
The questionnaires brought
out the fact that there is a lack
of available funds for experimental exchanges between LeMoyne and Grinnell and, in fact,
student exchanges anywhere.
James H. Stauss, Dean of the
College, said that if such programs are to be institutes soon,
recommendations must be submitted to the 1967158 budget.
Both Grinnell and LeMoyno
participants expressed the de-,
site to continue reciprocal
programs but agreed that major changes are needed.
A LeMoyne professor suggested that an orientation program "should give the students
an informed awareness of the
novel aspects of the comes»
city they will be entering, so
that they will be able to distinction between ‘special reactions‘ and 'personal reactions’,
both in themselves and in others." The example given was
that of the mortality with which
students were forced to deal
when four Grinnell women entered the LeMoyne environment, creating a greater insurance to the already predominantly female environment.
Many participants complaints
about the lack of knowledge at
Grinnell about the exchange
program and the subsequent
lack of enthusiasm. The bugs
section was made that the college inform students corner and
more thoroughly about the programs Some felt that a variety
oi limited exchange programs
would increase applications for
the full semester at LeMoyne.
Others Said that a better organized following program for LeMoyne students and followed
program for returning Grinnell
students was a necessity. Slides
or motion pictures were suggested for the followed coffeehour.
Finally, some questionnaires
arrested a need for expansion
at the program into two computers. Some LeMoyne faculty felt
the intervention of a full se<
master to be very fundamental,
The suggestion was made that,
during times when LeMoyne is
overcrowded, Grinnell Students
could still participate in the exchange as housing could be
found for them in town.
to LeMoyne hat the opportunity to be.
come acquainted with an environment
totally different from his accustomed
middle-class orientation.
fails Photos by xryt drums
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, December 2. I966
 
) War
(Continued iron. Page I)
leave, to be performed Friday
and Saturday evening.
1 While playwrights have dealt
i'with historical and social
[homes since the time ol Aesihylus, art Meyer noted a par
similar contemporary removal 01
this concern “There is no question mat people like Tuchman
are writing almost in the style
of theater," while many current
dramatists follow the lead of
serious Brecht, whose work is
concerned as “an artistic history of man . . . parallel ul
history, with a lesson." More
seven: productions have included golf Hockhuth's The
Deputy. a documentary play by
Peter swiss centered on the
bloomberg Trials, and a work
performed in London concert)log the investigation of Presls
sent Kennedy.
War Without End united recorded events and perspectives
with B poetry narrative which
seeks to portion the horror and
purposeless suffering or World
War It The play is a fusion of
the arabic and the assure: “We
have produced the play in an
extremely journal style which
we hope will workforce the ng<
bestsellers, stability, and mobility oi the part"
} Leaders
(Continued from Pagc l)
substances at the past two
Weeks were, 0! course, opportunity. Still, crisis, whether
over residence calls or drama
membership or penalties, unions
unique opportunities for com.
munich evaluations and for
the taking of clear, Iorthrlght
and, hopefully, forward-looking stands.
“if Grinnell ls involving to
example solely and relatively
with the problems oi social
change, I wonder about its
institutional gets in the more
vital areas of educational retro."
<9 When asked about the idea of
 
For All Your
muscle Down To The
VARSITY
"7 Bread
DISCOUNT CENTER
SONBEAM
SHAVEMASTER
$18.88
BAN
AEROSOL IJEODORANT
$1.49 Value 87¢
MICRIN
7 Oz.
69: Value 39‘
SCHICK INJECTION BLADES
NORELGO
SPEED SHAVER
reporting the college catalog
to confirm to “reality at Grin—
well,” Kent commented: "I love
the college catalog. It's the
main reason I came here. I
think rather man review the
catalog we should review the
colleges”
“I'm no particular advocate
oi student power. Still, if students are the only people Willing to take initiative, then they
probably should have power.
Grinnell has to get moving It
a push from the student is
what is needed, so be it. i have
no degrees.”
CanP President Bnh quote
arrested his cancer with
“making the student voice relevant" as a segment oi the
college community. He mentioned counseling as one area
in which student concern
seems to have provided administrative registration and
expressed hope that revision
would be forthcoming.
Bond Faulwell. speaker of the
Senate, noted that he expected
a resolution supporting the student government protest to be
passed at the next regular
meeting. the last of this semester. He added that the Senate
would seek certification of the
administration's action in boards to the recent limitation
violation finished by suspension.
illlllillllllillllilllllliilllliitllllllllllllIIlillIlllllllliiilllmlllillllliilliilll
PPPE Book
What Arthur Schlesinger, Jr.,
calls "the first serious political
biography oi the 36th American
President” — holland Evans
and Robert naval’s london B.
Johnson: the Exercise or Power
 
 
CONVERSE
chuck Taylor
Model
All Sizes
At School Prices
HARRY’S SPORT SHOP
3— has been selected as the december-January Political Bookloe-Month, C. admin Gilmour, PPPE Director announced last week.
In their central observation of
the volume, kodak and Evans
conclude that Johnson’s place
in history will be determined,
not by his legislative triumphs.
his parliamentary and political
seats, nor his Great Society programs, but by the outcome of
the diet Nam War. diet Nam,
they assets, is “the marijuana
cancer at the Great Society t . .
a bloody, invisible diploma
that does not send itself to the
brilliant weapons or power developed by london Johnson sun
log his thirtyvlive years in politics."
WHERE you NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
Floating Head
sI 8.88
JERGEN'S
Dry motion
51.13 Value 63¢
SUAVE
Set Gel
53¢
Twin Pack of 40
$1.79 value$1-09
Package of I5
48"
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
CHRISTMAS WRAP
6 R9": — 40 Ft.
53"
BRYLCREME
Tube
77: Value 43¢
SUAVE
LanoIin or Egg Shampoo
53¢
STICK-ON BOWS
STORE
H0 "RS!
7 mm. M 9 p.m. Friday
7 mm. to B p.all. Mom. queen
Wed hours Sﬂ.
INSTAMATIC 104
312233
STRIPE
Family Size Toothpusln
63"
VANQUISH TABLETS
9813 Value 58‘
CITRISUN MEDIC
 
december 2. I956
Smylie: ‘return lo Traditions'
By DON Wl'NNEY
Last Friday evening Governor Robert E. Smylie of idaho
supported the concept of the
seller plan, which would turn
federal sounds over to the states
for their own use. Speaking in
the South Lounge at the annual
PPPE political lectureship,
Smylie also said the 1966 election “marked a return in the
great contrast traditions oi the
Republic and a decision to consultants the gains which the nation has made and perfect the
administrative techniques by
which those gains will be presented.
Because of the lack of india‘d 1, local, and state respond ty, Smylie said, there has
been a great administrative
shift to the federal government
for solving social problems The
election shows, however, that
“the American people are will<
ing to measure up to the re
sponsibility at doing things for
themselves.” selecting the
view that states are archive, he
said, “the preservation of that
system or checks and balanced
between hometown and national
capital is ﬁrally and understandably important to the
preservation of individual human rights.”
"The existing areas oi po<
optical action,” Smylie said,
“with great new opportunities
for business and creativity
and innovation, will be found
more and more at the state
level. The question before us
is whether or not state and
local governments can keep
already of the changing times
and take the lead in solving
these problems.”
That the states have not done
so in the past, Smylie said, is
partly because of malappor-
.money temperatures, a problem
idat is currently being solved
.n the courts. it is also because
or the state's iraqi 'ty to raise
BLOusEs - SKIRrs
SWEATERS - DRESSES
9
JD‘S RESTAURANT
operated—er szzi/i Main,
Grinnell
 
revenue. The expenditures of
state and local government, he
said, were six time greater in
’65 than in '47, but the liability
to raise the required revenue
has created a squeeze Federal
grants in aid have too often
wanted money on operated operations. Smylie hoped that the
problem would be solved by a
plan to tunnel federal funds into the states With no strings attached.
Finally, Smylie hoped for the
Republican party to revitalize
the federal system. He warned
the party not “to interview the
election as a mandate to turn
backward . . . The Republican
opportunity now is to sense the
initiative in structural political
thinking and build a positive
image of performance {or the
party.
"The election was very ob<
viruses an endorsement of a
greater and more positive role
for stats and local governments
and for private enterprise in
computing the country’s ills."
} Marion
(Continued from Page 1)
lion. after the Wednesday
meeting norton told the 5&3:
“Under present policies or the
Board of Publications (court
based oi live faculty and tour
student members, Mr. HenryYork cleaner, Chairman) I find
it impossible to iulilll both my
responsibilities as an editor and
as a student.” norton said she
had been working on getting
some sort of a system of in—
dependent academic credit set
up that could work in construction with the textbook editorials so as to reduce the numv
her of courses she would have
to take while working on the
book. She told the 58d}: “1
brought the subject up (at the
Board meeting) about a month
ago, but cleaner tables it until
a committee could he formed
to study the problem (a committee has not yet been established). if a system were to be
institutes i might consider taking the job on again.”
One of the computers oi the
"66 textbook (which is scheduled to come out in January),
John Phillips, was not permit
led to return to Grinnell this
year because oi academic reasons.
The Board noted there has
been a showcase of applications
for the position of cycling editor in the past new years and at
the present time no one has
been found to take over work
on the ’67 book.
norton commented that “The
cycling is dead, but there is
still some chance oi some sort
of a book of pictures if someone will do it. There is no staff
now.” norton told the Board
SCARLET AND BLACK
Letters . . .
(Continued from Page 2)
girls. since the President was
away from the campus working
to get funds to improve the
College, the demonstration cut
the ground ii-om beneath his
meet by their nasty and illconsidered action.
nomination in funds available
for improving faculty and family»
tips will hurt the students, who
presumably want the best education available. It is, oi course,
a hurt that will not show up in
any immediate or dramatic way,
and so, like victims of cancer,
the students will think or themselves as not damaged. Those
oi us whose vision extends beyond the problem oi women's
hours and cars and open forms»
for'its can disclose the illness.
But, alan. although we are doe
toys, we cannon cure patients
who refuse to take their medicine.
John brussels, Associate
professor oi Classical
languages
t i. a
To the Editor:
Last year i spent my junior
year abroad studying in an
polish university and since my
return i have maintained a
correspondence with many oi
the friends that 1 made, both
students and faculty. Today I
was thinking how 1 could russia
buy explain to them the rsti n.
are employed in the suspension
oi three students for “illegal
limitation" or the action that
the Coin? and AWS Boards
were forced to take.
1 decided that my task was
an impossible one, since the
rules at the university i at
tender were constitutes only
by their absence. it is my firm
relief that this is the most
successful system for o conimiiiiily oi the Grinnell type to
emulate (i. c, ii it must emur
late and not lead). with a one
desire community oi our type
the sole ‘rule’ that must be
kept in mind is that one individual has no right to in-
ft
that money will be required to
those who have bought subscriptions to the cook. The other ﬁspecial losses incurred this year
will be covered by a “linking
fund” made up oi previous
textbooks’ profits and by the let
semester contribution from
SGA. Any losses that remain
will be covered by profits from
the ’66 textbook alter it is israeli Sales for the ’65 textbook
will be returned in January's
The Board also approved
Suzanne member as editor of the
5&3 for the term beginning
next semester. email Fisher
also applied for editor. Henry
Wilhelm, who had previously
applied [or the 5&8 editorials,
was judges “acceptable” by the
Board but was not approved
because oi a ruling or “act»
comic accessibility” by Tile Com—
little on Academic Standing.
seller told the Board she
wants to make the 58:3 “more
oi a journal” with an increase
or “in-depth“ reporting. Slie air
so plans to reorganize the state
to Create a wider distribution at
responsibility and work.
HANSEN S
orange on the rights oi othe
The role punishment that t a
college should response for oth
er than academic expenses II
when an individual is negligent
in respective the basic rights
or another.
it seems to me that under
this basic type oi system no
restrictions can be sustained on
such things as women’s hours,
limitation, etc Restrictions such
as these indicate that the college feels students are invisible at regulation their own
lives. This is t false consumption; I have icon that an assume at rules leads neither to
chaos nor to anatomy.
What 1 am accounting should
not be consumer as complete
indiiierences by the college to
the nonacademic welfare of the
student. on the contrary, I
think that the college has a
very valid role to play here,
but it is a role that the college has been law in performing.
The college should other moral
guidance to students in the
term of a sex education pro.
gray and in the form oi trained
bestsellers. This is a tar more
positive, useful, and continue
Live role for the college to play
than its present method oi attempting to guide students
totally through creation.
I believe that the student
body wants facts and guidance,
but as mature, intelligent individuals the students reject the
very idea oi commission in their
liveshivhen this commission
drives into matters that affect
no one but the individuals in
solved.
in a sense 1 think the college has not us yet completely
committed itself to a creative
in logo parental concept. Thus
the college is tree to lead the
way in assuming the proper
role oi a funding in logo karen-
tisi
Bond R. Faulweil
Speaker of the Senate
Peace Essays Due
The Grinnell Lions Club demands students of the Dec. 10
deadline for their Peace Essay
Contest,
Sent to all residence balls on
campus in October. The local
ﬁrss prize is a $50 EsBond. The
winner will go on to upper level
weddings. Prizes for the grand
international winner is $25,000.
Entries must he turned in to
Wayne Geadelmaiui at the
Poweshiek County National
Bank no later than December
10.
World-wide nrgnzin ads primary,
secondary, college-level teachers.
choice of countries Two-year contract. an pay. fri site Corps,
Washington, Mr. 2|1525.
“sun ARGuMEN‘rs run nominated‘
Romney, on the basis at his showing
in Michigan and his impressive c..details as ii Liberal, are no mon.
.valuable than arguments let nomi.
noneéphones, whosoxhuwmgiurim.
pressing, And whose conventions as n
conservnirveureimprerrivz.lrisprab<
able role to my only this much: inst
rolling has iiccll established ieﬂdry‘
to house: in. mood ol yoierri‘n 1955,
or the individual Republican
likely'est in :4ch
their [ll-ice."
W e ht. sexy M the
riimni mo. in N
rluNAl xswrw, v!
to Dept. CM, i5o
as St. N. y. lo, N.
 
Page Seven
Music assembled
Perform Sunday
Three Grinuell College group:
will present a concert oi advert
and Christmas music this Sunday (Dec. 4) at 4 pm. in service Chapeli No tickets are
needed for the concert, which is
open to the public.
Performing will be the Grinnell College Choir and Grinnell
fingers, both conducted by Don
Jones of the music faculty, and
instrumental assembled, in a
wide range oi seasonal basics
William Hughes will conduct
the choir and a special instrumental ensemble in a Praetorius work, “How slightly ShineI
the Morning Star.”
Charpentier’s “Song of the
Birth of Our Lord Jesus Christ"
will be performed by the Grin.well fingers and tour instnb
mechanisms — David Williamson
and Susan Myers, recorders;
Martha counters, cells; and
vanilla todd, harpsichord. The
vocal consists will he Jami!
seller and Lynn Johnson, so—
brands; and Richard Geertz,
maritime. The program will con—
crude with a group of traditions
al carlos by the choir.
llllllllllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllll
cycling Needs Editor
Applications for a new cycling editor (or the remainder of this year are now being taken. potential applicants may suggest changes
in the concept oi the textbook. Applications should be
addressed to Mr. Henry-York
cleaner, Chairman of the
Board of Publications.
illlillllllililllllillllIIlllliliillilllllllnllillullllullillllllllllllIIullIIllllI
Contest forms were/s!
Controversial?
. . . YES .'
Different?
...YES.'
Adult?
 
Iago Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Pioneer Swim Team Will Open Season at Knox
The Pioneer variety swimming team will open the season tomorrow at the Knox delays with almost double the
number of team members it
had last year, This year cookie
coach Roy Obermiller will be
able to count on a ”large"
squad of thirteen members that
will surely give the Pioneers
more strength.
of the thirteen, Obermiller
has four that have prDVEd their
ability already. Another two
have had variety experience
while the other seven will be
new to the variety
Ken sherman will be the
leader of the six returning. An
excellent butterfly specialist, he
holds all the school records and
was second in the conference
last year after setting a conference record in the precipitation.
Steve Holtze, Hill month, and
Rich Lance are other veterans.
All have the ability to be con»
sisLerlt winners for the Pioneers
this years month specialized in
the springs and ﬁlisted second
in the conference in the 60-yard
lifestyle two years ago Holtze
specialized in the individual
wesley and holds the school
record in it. He finished fourth
in the conference last year.
Lance missed last year as he
spent a semester at LeMoyne
but had a successful sophomore
year as a river, finishing ﬁftp
in the conference.
Other holdovers are Bob Wells
in the distance and the breaststroke and Bill Batschelet ln
 
 
Rumour
ALWAVS FIRST cum
Open every Monday, Wednesday. Friday and Sat.
today 'oil oioo for iiie rest of i966.
For Your Early Holiday Shopping
Shop Early, Says Santa Mouse
Enjoy the feel of
“Western Living"
in a pair of boots
 
the distance events. Lone sopho»
more from last year's fresh
team is Mike Woods who is expected to give help in the
springs and backstroke, Sophomores out for the first time are
Paul frederick in [he springs
and butterfly and Cliff Frohlich in diving. seniors who were
not out last year included Russ
Allen, Mike made, and Dave
Newman.
At the Knox delays the events
will include three lifestyle delays, a backstroke, breaststroke,
individual wesley, wesley re<
days and diving.
} Appeals
(Continued horn Page 1)
reason for the suspension penalty, suggest said: “The only possible alternative would be to let
them come back under conduct
promotion, My notion is that
conduct promotion wash't severe
enough in this case, This (Conduct promotion) would indicate
that the college took on independent attitude toward this sort
of behavior (students spending
the night together) and I did
not want to give students or
parents this idea. And (their)
being away does serve as
a reminder (to those still on
campus) that these students
were guilty of misbehavior.”
suggest went on to say, "On
this matter of illegal limitation
which extends overnight — I
just don’t have an open mind
on this — 1 may sound moralistic on this." When asked about
the moral standards involved
in this case, suggest replied: “I
do think premarital sex is
wrong and when it becomes
Friday, December 2, I?“
papers Begin Season Against Luther
The Pioneer basketball team
will be relying on improved
speed, shooting, and depth
when they begin their season
tomorrow night at 7:30 against
Luther in party.
Coach deutsch this year has
ten players who he thinks will
be able to play a great deal. on
his current first team he lists
three sophomores, one junior,
and one senior, With a team of
four seniors and a senior back»
ing them up.
Expected to be in the starting
linear tomorrow are Henry
vintage and Mike Schwartz at
guards, Elliott Hibbs and Thor
johnson at forwards, and Sam
Sent) at center.
Coach deutsch mentioned his
first team is very quick and all
five members are good numbers
although they are small, “This
team plays best when they are
pressing full-court all the time,
but when they start to set up
the offense they do not produce as Well.”
deutsch mentioned Greg Ran.
win, Dick sussex, Bob Watt,
Roger Able, and Tom Hill as
his second live. He thinks he
Will be able to substitute these ‘
players frequently to certain
the running attack
The Pioneers will have the
potential problem of rebounds,
but deutsch is convinced |his
team will be able to rebound
better than last year’s squad
although this will still he a
weak point.
public the college must do (9‘77
something. As l see it Grinnell
dress‘t stand for premarital
sex. one of the reasons may be
that we are a small middlewestern college; we are not a
superb of Chicago for example"
suggest commented that he
would like to see greater flexibility in the rule structure: “illegal limitation is a matter of
degrees—a young lady sitting
in a man’s room until 8:00 RM,
is different than overnight. I
don't think our present rule system is ﬂenable enough to allow
for this kind of difference.”
For different,
but practical
and correct
Christmas gifts,
fake the lime
to look at our
complete stock.
Grmneil
Office Supply
929 Broad St.
 
it dress't matter to "it. MYTH"
just what generation you belong
to or even if you come alive may
in other! He can satisfy any ml.
The Pioneer front line with
its thickness and jumping ability will probably be able to nov.
er the big men of the other
team better than in the two
previous years. '
They will have a chance to
see how they can cover big men
as Luther comes here. deutsch
thinks this will be the best
team the Pioneers will face this
year. Luther is big and last and
has many returning from the
team that husband the Pioneers at Luther last year.
deutsch Among
“Winningesl”
John A, deutsch, physical education, is included in a list of
the nation’s winningest college
basketball coaches in the “1966
universe Basketball textbook."
deutsch-coaches teams have
won 198 games in 2!] years, with
189 of the victorian coming during his is years at Grinnell.
The list is headed by Kentucky's Adolph RUPP. who has
won 747 games in 36 years.
George Mills in
Address Journalists
George Mills, statehouse res
porter for the Des points Register, will address a dinner
meeting or the Grinnell chapters
of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi Monday evening in
partner Lounge, Mills’ topic
will‘be “The Technique of the
in soft drinks. He has a playback
though, only people with baseline his PHT tried chicken and do-
Iieiour plus.
"AH RV"
hlirveno's Pizza
236-6222
Free Delivery
ADDRESS HERE:
season travails
suorqelaa OHQM
 
