Inaugural Will Fill Social Calendar Riot Damage ‘Deiereni' Sought:
A week from new activities will
take place comparing in the illustration of the rights president of
the “oldest college west of the Mississippi.” Events include two concerts, a symposium, a normal dinner, the, inaugural ball, two exceptions. and the illustration.
istvan radar, an internationally
known concert spanish, will be
guest tourist when the Grinnell
Orchestra presents a concert at
8 p.m. Friday in Roberts Theatre.
He will play Beethoven’s “Piano
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
President Glenn suggest
concerts No. 3 in C Minor, Opus
37." The orchestra, conducted by
penis de Coteau (music). Will also
play Abel’s “Symphony in Erflat,
Opus 10. No. 3,” and Schubert’s
“Symphony No. 3 in B Minor,"
Born in Hungary, radar studied
piano with Bela Bartok and com«
position with Loltan Kodaly.
He won Hungary’s highest piano
award, the brand visit Prize,
when he was 18. The holder of a
high decorative from the italian
government 1 o r
his concerts, Na<
das has made
tours oi Europe
have to make a personal acknowledgement oi suggest’s inauguraa
tion.
The xerox quarter will perform
Mozart's “quarter in c Major,
KABS,” Beethoven’s “quarter in F
Minor, Opus 9 3' and cal’top’s
“quarter No. 5” at 8 pm. water<
day in Roberts Theatre. Members
oi the quarter are Peter Marsh,
violin; Delmar Pettys, violin;
Paul perth, villa; and Donald Mc—
Call, violoncello. '
“Literature and the Academy”
will be examined from the viewpoint oi the crisis. the poet, and
the scholar at a symposium Sat-
female Discusses
By DICK CHADY
The Senate took Steps Wednesday
to peter Spring Riot damages by
resulting its unwillingness “to appropriate any money from General
Budget and Reserve (GB&R) for
the payment of damage bills incurred because of spring disturbances."
The resolution, presented by the
SGA Finance Committee, 11 D t e d
the extensive bills from the past
(over $1,000 last year), the small
GB&R fund this year, and the un-
and South America. He is current1y professor oi
piano at San
FranCiSCO State
College in Cahfornia after having thought piano
at toyota university's College
oi Music in New
Orleans.
After the
concert the SLI_ sent body will
hold a reception
INAUGURATION—
(Continued on Page a)
availability oi waiting social funds
on damage payments.
ﬁpanel! college
Policy on dining
In the past, damages whlcli
could not be assessed to individuals or to calls were paid from
the GB&R fund. Under the new .
procedure, the finance committee
will "review all-campus or other
unusual damages” and recommend appropriate action—instead
oi paying the bills automatically.
Chuck Wall, chairman of the finance Committee. said that “th‘
spirit of the resolution is a determine."
Ray Horn, watson president,
SENATE—
(Continued on Page 6)
Oldest College Newspaper Wesl of the Mississippi
 
for PreSitlent and Vol. LXXlII
Mrs. suggest in
the South Lounge
oi the Forum.
This will be the
only chance the
student body will
 
Orchestra, Choir in range i Friday;
Feature guest‘ Soloisis in ‘Te Deum’
The Grinnell Choir accompanied
by the cornell Orchestra performs
tonight in Roberts Theatre at 8
pm. penis deCoteau (music) will
be conducting the performance oi
Carl Oi’ff’s farming guyana and
contain Kodaly's Te Deurli.
The tour guest consists for the
Kodaly work are penn blood, so
piano; cells Wililnek, alto; home
my college, minor; and David
queens, maritime.
college and queens will be
jones by four oi-innell student consists. They are sopranos range seller, garcia James and Susan Stuart, and John i-gilbert, minor.
Miss blood, who is professor of
voice and director of the Madrigal
fingers and Women's Glee Club
at Kansas State University, has a
BA. degree brown petersburg College and an M.A. from the eastern School of Music. She has performed in Europe, including solo
work at the Salzburg Festivals,
has held a copyright grant for
study in Vienna, and has song
with several major United States
orchestras
Mrs. Wilimek, who has a master’s degree from brake University, is a private Voice teacher and
is tourist for Plymouth constitutional Church in Des points.
college, who has taught voice
at Southern Illinois University
since 1964, has BA. and MA. degrees from the University of
Washington and a D.M.A. from
Stanford University. He has performed widely at major music festivals and in opera productions.
queens, now a graduate student
at brake, has been a wishlist in
Metropolitan Opera additions and
 
is currently tourist for the First
terrorist Church in Des points.
The two pieces to be performed
are similar in that they were both
Composed in 1936 by. men still
living, each invoice for the re
spectrum method of music education for chlldreiil Here the simulation ends.
Te Deuni is taken from a Latin
poem training God. Kodaly has in
produced into his work certain aspects of modern harmony as well
as rhythms basically consistent
 
ORCHESTRA, CHOIR—
(Continued on Page 9)
 
Roger L. Eldridge
Grinnell. iowa. Friday. April 8. I966
Two Grinnell faculty members
T have taken to heart Horace freely’s famous advice to J. B. cornell: “Go West, young man.”
Samuel H. aaron (history) and
Roger L. Eldridge (philosophy and
ellgloli) have designed to accept
opinions elsewhere next year.
aaron will assume the responsibilities of chairman of the history
apartment at the new site of the
University oi California, San Diego. UCSD Will he in its third
ear
Eldridge will join the department oi philosophy at Colorado
College. He will teach the philips
why of education and Freedom
and Authority, a senior seminar
course. He will also Conduct fort—
highway voluntary seminars on the
meaning of a liberal arts education, as well as direction student
 
No Problem on world Campus
Say Two—shirts of Respondents
An 5&3 survey about the now-under-considers
tion North Campus Problem revealed that about two
out of three students don’t think there is such a
problem.
The survey, distributed last Friday, drew 473
responses and oi those responding, 150 said there
was a North Campus Problem and 292 said there
wash’t. That represents about 615 per cent responding saying that there is no problem.
Respondents were given nine possible problem
areas and were asked to indicate which of these
they thought were of such magnitude that they
guarantee campus-wide attention.
Thirtyrfour per cent indicated that the problem
oi property damage needed attention. That was
the largest area or concern oi the students answering the survey.
Those filling out the survey were asked their reaction to three possible solutions put forward by
the Executive Council. Those suggestions to be
rated were freshmen calls, room drawings on
North Campus similar to those on South Campus
and a system of administrationappointed and paid
student rulerenforcers. All three were firmly rejected by the students as not being beneficial to
the college community.
The reaction to freshmen calls was 430 - 29
against. The reaction to the room drawings proposal was 324-109 against. The reaction to paid rule
disorders was 412-53 against.
The other problem areas noted by students were
privacy in balls (25.5 per cent), noise levels in calls
(27 per cent), mobility on North Campus (25 per
cent), lack of an academic atmosphere on North
Campus (24 per cent), and lack of rule enforcement
by student officers (21 per cent).
The 150 students who said that there was a North
Campus Problem listed me lack of an academic
atmosphere on North Campus as the biggest problem (61 per cent cited that as a problem). Mobility
on North Campus and property damage was the
next largest concern of this group (53 per cent
noted this area as a problem).
SURVEY—
(Continued on Page 9)
 
No. 24
to” heritage idealistic for automatic college;
ﬁunion diseases Position at U. of Cal.
participation in voluntary religious
semccs in Colorado Springs. No
processor has been named for the
cliaplaincy.
aaron, now finishing his to n tri
year at Grinnell, arrested his positive reaction to Grinnell college.
“I've enjoyed being here,” he
said. “This is just a wonderful opportunity.” aaron emphasized the
current mobility within the c -
Samuel H. aaron
comic profession. ”New schools am
starting and old ones are expanding,” he arrested. He added that
Grinnell's turn over of teachers ll ,
much lower than the average.
ADDRESS HERE:
529110;) ”auuwg
siemens-d Vilqnd
 
Page Two
charles and Black
GnlNNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell. Iowa
A weekly newspaper published each Friday or the college year by His Grinhell commerce on student Public
sons. represented [or journal advertising by National A .
receiving service, inc, college publishers chreseniauve.
is East sum Street. New york 22, N.Y. second class postage paid hr Grlnnell, Iowa. subscription me 55m per
school year. lsoo paid subscription,
. usb Hodlenle
Harold Fusoo
sun Axelmd
Marine jersey
save pussy
nuuc server
Paul usually
bobby Pﬂnewly
Suzy jul
_ Suzy jul
5cm married. Jlm sources. John \soil
Dick ready, calls Jones, Paul R. Jones.
Aim Kirscbner, Mary calcium, km cash.
bobby Punnwlll. her-but. blue, Judy Scull
success
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
COPY EDITOR .
space EDn‘OR
FEATURE Elm-on
EXCHANGE EDITOR
conokm drama
CIRCULATION MANAqu . .
ASSISTANT uncommon MANAGER
PHOTOGRAPHERS
resources ,
Editorial . . .
More Than Grinnell
We feel that there are things more important than
that which translated at Grinnell. Because we feel this
way we have an exchange column, we go to delta and
we do poverty issues and cover peace matches. We
have an active interest in things which involve thousands of other students as well as things which involve
everyone in the country. The charles and Black is committed to the belief that there is more that can be done
than obsequiously and unimaginatively sitting and
contamination an indefensibly pregnant status que.
Because we feel that the status que at Grinnell is
unsatisfactory and because we feel that there is something beyond the combines of our “quiet community of
young scholars,” we are starting this week a three-part
series rather granted entitled: The Liberal Liberal Arts
College and Its Students.
The first part of the series deals with Reed College
in Portland, Oregon (see page 7). The other two parts
will deal with Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio,
Ind Carleton College in N sheffield, Minnesota
We will admit now that we go into the series with
a bias. The bias is simply that we don‘t believe Grinnell
is making progress towards becoming more liberal. A
kind of presenting attitude previous. We have chosen
Reed because it is more dramatically liberal than Grin—
well. We have chosen Antioch for its unique academic
approach and its liberal social outlook. Carleton was
chosen to show that one can be more liberal than Grinnell and still be in the Midwest Conference.
The stories have been written by students at the
colleges under consideration and consequently reflect
a certain lack of effectively.
We Will not content that any of the colleges chosen
for examination are perfect. We are not suggesting that
all of the features of these colleges should or could be
incorporated at Grinnell. Rather we ask you — perhaps improve is a better word — to carefully consider
Grinnell’s attitudes and rules in comparison to the
colleges we are presenting to and for you.
;',< :k ;;< '
Need ‘pocket Men'
We’ve wanted long enough without saying anything
-and since we missed April tools’ Day I feel dedicated
to mention it. Where the hell are the nine remaining
installation in “King of the Rocket Men”? While the
rest of the country is caught up in low, high, and mass
camp, Grinnell remains undertake as to what its policy
should be with regard to this phenomenon. We had in
our hands a treasure of the pop art world — an original
"so bad it's good” Hollywood click—and we’re missing
a tremendous opportunity. We want Rocket Man.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Letters . . .
Anti-Intellectual?
To the Editor:
I would like to make one comment with l‘e<
card lo your editorial concerning the Executive
Council's report on the residence calls. You
are at course entitled to your opinion concerning the report, and I do not wish to argue with
you in this letter. I would like lo point but, however, that i see no evidence in the report {or
your comment that {he xepim assumes “Thai
antrinteileclualism runs company now on North
Campus.” In considering the matter of cash
dance calls and in writing if: report, the found
oil intended to consider possible construction
changes which would enhance the intellectual
climate of the campus, and not to recommend
positive measures or to pass judgment on the
present situation. 1 submit that a careful reading of the report would make our outlook Clear.
Andrew medical
(Spanish)
canal. Disruptive
To the Editor:
There is the unique. the numerous, and the
unusual. Then, there is the over‘played, unsapilislicaied, blair falling, hunlorless, dallas,
and discipline. The latter is characteristic [If
several longstanding traditions at Grinnell
that should have gone out wuh the Boar's
Head Dinner.
Case in print: Monday night’s mapping of
the new members of portal Board. As They
say in the Old Country: “Enough is we
much."
Women on lricycles, those paradise around
the dining hall simulation the ”family way"
or dedicated in overseas similar to those of
our extended aaa, singing cow cells throughout a 45 minute meal, just do not reflect me
high ideals in scholarship and character (he
portal Board is supposed to represent. Fun?
I! low exists, but so does density. Humor and
uniqueness have their density also.
anonymous
Life in 'Zoo'
To the Edltnr:
The “iron triangle" anatomy generated from
Mr. forward’s firewall address, and quoted in
the sun, was fascinating. South Pit, sun'run
basement, and movies Zoo. We’re pleased to
find that Mr. forward is so well aware of our
situation. His knowledge at least is not without an investigated basis. After all he does
deliver our paper at 7:00 each morning—how
better to find out what the Zen is really like?
respectively speaking, we also feel that we
got more Votes in the SGA Convention this
year than Mr. forward would have. Perhaps
this low says something.
The Zoo
Wh I '5'” B '7
o s I y oy
To the Editor:
mic is u you call "silly boy?” Who is if you
tell to be free? At our time in life, few are
corporate enough in be Stephen females. Can
you expect someone to be Bloom, when few
are yet Stephen? Are you the holly who will
he sufficient for Bloom?
You say talk to you of Sartre; Sartre who
says, “Values are down an my path as thousands of little, or real demands, like the signs
which order us [0 keep off the grass (L’Etre
et le meant)." IS it no wonder then that one
will aid: you in a movie, rather than to walk
on the grass? Sartre goes on m say, “Thus
the being or value que value is the being of
what does not have being." When you say to
he free, how do roll escape this?
Before you-call one “silly boy," remember
the words of Almustafu:
car you can only be free when even the
desire of seeking freedom becomes a has-
news to you, and when you lease m speak
of freedom as a goal and a sufficient.
Freedom thus becomes a better to a greater
freedom, and is no longer value que value.
when you say, “a day like this and days
Friday. April 3. lm
like it to come are zoo few to spend alone
. . .” it seems that you access “silly boy" of
not seeking you out. Yet why do you not seek
lllm out? is to remain anonymous to seek one
am? Are there not many to seek?
To be without another’s physical presence;
is [his to he alone as you intimate? I think
not. As the prophet says, to stand naked in
the soul against the wind, in walk the each
with bare feet to feel etc. . . . could one ever
thus be alone? Nor is to whether a hairy, l0
call u poem — these are new or many ways
to be with something beyond one's self.
Physical presence, too, is often needed and
very important. But to merely talk of field
cache, Blake, Sartre or spring is coming un<
less there is sharing. To merely talk of instruction requires no serve, serve that is so
important to live the life you seem to advoCate. Here i can only repeat what you have
said in another way.
printable. highway i believe, states that to
have knowledge, one must first have experience. Thus the degree of youth in a person
(in contradislincliun lo majority) is determined by the person's experience. Is it no
wonder then that at our age we are all not lo
some degree “silly boys"?
To made in a pool, to pick some flowers, to
drink some wine, to fly a site share done
these things many tunes. Yet, i am still a
“silly boy.” In the world I live in here at
Grinnell, I find the Values are down along my
path almost wherever I step to find experts
once and knowledge. I have found few to seek
and still fewer who seek. “Silly girl,” why
do you not seek me and the many like me
here? We have sites, bare feet, desired . . .
Joel A. Sabean
Another Response
To the Editor:
These two silly boys will be glad to go fly a
site with Miss Anonymous — ii there are no
strings attached.
bruce McConachie
Mu‘k Schon
Another Proposal
Ed. Nine: the following ls an excerpt min
I letter written by Craig plain to the Ad doc
Committee an “all hmgmlnuon uni President Glenn suggest. It is in response (a on
proposals of the Executive Council.
1. Setting Up Freshmen Hall! . . . Freslh
men integration to campus life requires primary group experience which includes members of the other Classes . . . Imagine a col»
legersupporfed system of psychological wrapping-hyrsegregation.
2, Assignment to Upperclass rules . . . the
Council has proposed a similar that man
surely n'val pushing In the magnitude of llc<
wanted results.
3. Structure of Upperclass calls . . . i! one
may assume that These (interest) “groups"
Will be assigned to balls as ireshrnen groups
are to be. it will result in small classes moving about together, never becoming fully integrated into any hall . , . The change in else.
tion procedure to an automotive balllehoarrltype system will produce no practical change
In rule enforcement or mail covering but will
serve 10 rob the students bi their right [0 else:
their leaders.
4, Provisions for Certain Uppercluss Students
. . i can only point out that “language
ﬂoops” have H1 the past constitutes some of
the most right classes Grinneii has witnesses.
5. Student Government. This proposal Seems
aimed at eiﬁhenry. evolution of the Student
Senate and the Primary Court system in favor 0f the soil-[P and the AWS Board is \‘Bl'y
efficient But what about the opportunities
for student participation on a campus where
every opportunity our matching responsible is
skilled?
6. Other Matters . . . advisors can be a
Valuable aid to the Student instead as they
help the Student make the decisions of MP
variance.
 
Friday. April 5. ms
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Ten happen for doctor Board in Good
' portal Board’s ten new meta
here were announced Monday evening in the Quadrangle dining
room by portal Board president,
Chris Peterson.
The junior women happen at dinner were finger Clark; Jamie seller, Kathy throw, Kathy Kelly,
Sue month, Anne Sprague, laura
stephen, Jan Thomas. and Beth
Whitlnore. Selected in her absence
was June plant, spending the see—
enter at Argonne.
portal Board is sponsoring a
movie on April 29 which will extend past hours. Only students attending the movie and staying until the end will have extended
hours. Admission Will be SO Ccnls.
The movie choice Will be “Tile
Rear Window" with James Stewart.
PHOTO DISPLAY
A unique art display will be
hung next Thursday in the
Forum bulletin board area.
Henry Wilhelm will display a
collection of his natural scene
and portrait photographs made
over the past few years in this
country and elsewhere. The
display is in both color and
black and white and as Wilhelm points out, contains no
“journalistic" photography.
 
You've Never Seen
So Much Fashion
, In One
little Store
styles
-y morris Del)
In
California
Featured in Grinnell
Al Poyntersi Only
See Our Van Raalte
8 Button Gloves
White —. at... _ Pink — Block
counter’s 4th Ave. sessions
GRINNELL. lOWA
"Something New everyday'"
8714 4th Ave.
Phone 236-4222
 
'class Menagerie' Brilliant;
’ cleaner's Cast Rates Praise
By BRUCE MCCONASHIE
”The Glass Menagerie" opened
Tuesday night to a toll house in
the Arena Theatre. The apartment at Tennessee Williams' mo-
dean classic fully derived the [re
vendors reception given it by the
Grinnell audience. l-henry - York
cleaner’s (English) direction or the
play was often subtle and imagination,
The play began at a last pace——
sun last, I fell, for the audience
to achieve an emphasis understanding of the action. The acting
throughout the (list part was good
but one was never really allowed
to become deeply involved in the
python of each character’: situation. Thus some parts of the play
seemed more comic than Williams probably intended them. Cab
mainly the scene between Tom and
Laura after porn comes home
from a night or drinking is funny.
But one caught, ithink, on the
wrong side of one's race. Amanda‘s “rise and Shine," is comedy
with a catholic note.
Pace closed
The pace showed down after in.
permission and we were given
either and more subtle characteris
nation. The action rose smoothly
to the ClimaXvihe scene between
Laura and the gentleman called—
and we experienced a tremendous
sense of loss at Laura's disillusionment. Tom's poetry ending left
its with a david impression of the
impressive narrow felt by all the
characters.
Certainly the most effective aspect of the production, besides the
acting, was the music. The nostalgic (one could almost say
“camp") jazz train the dance hall
and Laura's record player went
 
far toward establishing the dominant mood of the play.
Yet i was puzzles by other or
cleaner's technical effects. The
sign over the like escape seemed
gimmicky and supervisors. At
times, the illustration DI the picture ot the father restricted from
the play. The lights were a hit
too dim during some scenes but
the lighting of other scenes was
superb, particularly the scene between Laura and the gentleman
gallery
gathered by Set
i was gathered by the set.
While it may be argued that the
baseboards define the acting area
much more clearly than the lights
ever could. I see no reason to
elect wooden ross between the
floor Ind ceiling to define wall
space. In hisjirst narrative speech
Tom says that this play will give
us the “reality of solution." Both
the baseboards and the wooden
ross push the play toward the “solution or reality."
But this is quibbling, Such minor
defects become beautifully insigniticant when compared to the effectiveness of the acting. cleaner
must be explained for his excellence in casting. The physical
characteristics and voice qualities
at each actor seemed to match
perfectly the role that each portraits.
Ken picks gave us a suit-spoken,
sensitive Tom. I would have liked
to have seen more wilderness and
arbitration in his interpretation of
the role; however, Ken's quick,
nervous movements effectively displayed Tom‘s uncomfortable situation. On the Whole, an available
performance.
Mother important
Amanda, the mother, is the
most important character in the
 
Exchange Column
Roosevelt U. Newspaper small suits;
Administration Moves Cause selection
The Roosevelt north. newspaper
of Roosevelt University, Chicago,
illinois, has suspended operations
due to authorities between its
small and the administration.
The incident which touched off
the suspension was an "arbitrary"
decision by the University Controller to refuse the staff permission
to stay late in the building computing their issue on a Friday
night. The start was pushing itself to complete a twenty - eight
page paper by Friday night and
had already stayed in the building
until midnight and 1:00 am. on
previous nights.
However, on Friday night alter
the staff refused to leave at 10:30
and permission had not been
granted {or them to remain, a police escort was sent by the administration to evaluate them, The
staff was reported out and consequently the paper was not considered until Saturday night.
The north small became intended to such a degree that they
will not publish the paper unless
the administration meets these
demands: (1) The editor, business
manager, and production manager
selected by the staff; (2) a formal judicial system be established
for processes fragrances against
the Tamil; (3) the north be allowed access to all administrative
and faculty committees and all
University documents be opened
for paper's inspection; (4) that
the north eventually become completely autonomous from the anniversary through a corporation; and
(5) that only the student modern»
ment have the authority to approve north deficit and represent
plans.
 
REMINDER!
Call
Modernistic Beauty
Salon
Phone 236-3087
headquarters for your Beauty Needs
play. karen Zimmerman did an
outstanding job in this key role,
Her characterization, especially in
the second part, was nearly excellent. Every voice inspection, every
feature was right. I felt that her
action throughout was well motivated and thus, finally, increasingly
vulnerable. karen’s effectiveness
was added by excellent containing.
A heavy marion greater hanging
closely from her providers constantly classes with her southernbelle aids.
newbie Abbott, who portraits
Laura, gave an effective characterization of a terrible she person. Especially noteworthy, I
think. is her good sense or timing. Perhaps Laura's nervousness
was character in a few player,
but never to the extent that she
became unbelievable. _‘
The part of Jim, the gentleman
called, was played by Chuck
Bums. I agree with Chuck's intel
operation of this role: Jim is I
nice guy but he's also a jerk.
Chuck handled his part easily and,
with the exception of when he
missed Laura, his performance
was quite good.
I thank cleaner. his cast and his
hardworking crew for an- enjoy-/
able night at the theatre. A Broadway crisis might have called the
performance “brilliant and completing): So do i.
S&B ‘First Class
Says Press Rating
The charles. and Black for 1h.
first semester of this year has
been awarded the rating 0! First
Class by the American Collegiate
Press Service. The paper during
that time was edited by John Wait.
The press service in giving the
rating — their second highest —cited layout, photography, writing
skills and creative work by the
state as the paper's strong points.
The First Class rating represents an improved rating for the
5&3. The spring semester at last
year the paper was rated Second
Class.
John Wolf said, when told of ﬁll
award, “We reserved it."
The citation said that “creativity
is your stainless point." it went
on to say that “the issue on poverty in Chicago, Des points, and
Grinnell was very well done.”
Grinnellions Off to
Conference on City
Two Grinnell students will attend
a conference on “The Urban Chal<
large" at the Massachusetts substitute or Technology next Wednesday through Saturday. The two
are Dan Bucks and Rick Edwards.
Nearly zoo generates front at
colleges and drivers' es will take
part in the interdisciplinary conference that will feature such
speakers as us. Representative Fa
bradford horse (K, Mass),
M.I.T. President Julius A. Strata
ton and Robert C. Wood, under“
secretary of the newly turned
Department of Housing and Ur—
 
ban Development.
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. ’her B. I!“
S& B Interviews lectures leonard Meyer
ED. NOTE: The following is a
transcription of an interview be.
green S d: B staff writer linda
jefferson and Dr. leonard key-
“ or who visited and lectures on
campus this week.
s it oi What is your feeling as
to the legitimate of serial and
randomly or arbitration composed
music, and what kind of audience
is going to respond to these new
' event-guide art forms? 7
Meyer: First. of all, there’s a
big difference between serial mile
sic and random music. I don't
quite know what legitimate means.
I think that complex music is very
difficult for most addresses to
perceive and I would be included
to feel that there are two litigation circumstances. First, we must
give up our past expectations that
we have on past art, . that
everybody is going to like the
some art. 1 think that one must
no longer bemoan the fact that
the Washerwomen does not ride
the State Street car reading James
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
anything yotl wanted, in a sense
you content compare because you
can't compare when you have
complete freedom; you must have
some kind of limitation. And the
second problem is that if yoii are
going to write a non-total music,
you have to be consistent and it
would be affair 'writing a non»
total music to hit upon, as it were.
by chance, combinations which belong to the system of mobility but
which you have no infections of resulting in your system. So the
rules of serial music were revised
essentially to do two things: to
limit the composer's choices so that
he is able to choose and to try
instead as is possible to ensure
that the kind of syntatical sounds
which arise in total music do not
arise in this music, so that you
will not around false expectations
of certain kinds of resolutions.
More. extreme forms of permalink
create real problems for the au ‘
once. I don't think that it’s ellis
tomato. but I think it has Certain
interest limitations but‘.I to the limitations of the human mind and
Joyce, I don’t think she ever will i memory. The music is very lion-
. ride the State Street car reading
James Joyce. Therefore, it you
speak about serial music, I don’t
think that serial music is going
to in the forseeable future have
a very large audience.
llIIillllIIIillllIIillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIllllllillllllIIllllllllllllllllllllll
Serial Music
Is legitimate
llllllllllllllllllllIIlllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllIIlllllIlllllllllllll
To answer your question defects
)y, I’m saying that surely serial
music is legitimate. Serial music
is music which is carefully organizing, and I think that serial music
has synthetic problems, but in
que-serial music, all that the serIal composer is doing is establishment certain kinds of limitations for
the choices he makes.
There are two problems with
writing otonal music. The first
problem is t'nt itivou could write
 
defendant, it has holy little obvious patient. But this IS in a sense
complicated for by the existence
of technological redundancy, in the
form of tape recorders, recordings,
and so on. That is, it would be
impossible to learn the music oi
Boulez if you Could listen to the
piece only occasionally as was the
Case in the eighteenth century.
But given the fact that you have
recordings, it is possible to learn
this music.
I think that non-accountability.
total non . accountability “estimates" the spirit of man. 0n the
other hand, I think their view is
accessible, namely, that its purposes, predictions, goals, stockings, which, from their point oi
View, have gotten us into the
mess we’re in, that the english
that men feel is the result of the
kinds of expectations they have
about the world, and If you give
up all these things, as you must
if you’re. going to listen to
, historical
dom music, then you can live in
‘a kind of contamination bless. As
tar as the legitimate - illegitimacy
question goes, i don’t know why
it should be illegitimate, or on
what grounds one would say it
was illegitimate. ,
S 8; B: Traditionally, there have
been two aspects in musical creation. The one is composition and
the other is performance. In exec
erotic music, at least. in tapes
music, this second element is slim»
united. in your opinion how does
this affect the quality of the
achievement. it at all, and how
does it affect the musical experience of the listings?
MEYER: My own feeling is that
performance is very important.
There are at least two serious limitations to tapes music. One is
the fact that for most listening,
the visual experience of the motor
action of people in performing
music is an important part of their
musical experience, and this is
eliminated in tapes music.
lllIIillllIIIlllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillillllliilllllllIIlllliiiiillllliliillllllit
banned Music— ,
No Uncertainty
IlllllllliilllllllllllllIIIlllllllllllllllilllliliillllliittlllllilillllllllllllllIIilllllIIllli
The second thing is that the eye
ment or uncertainty, which is a de—
iighiiul and important element in
in listening to music is also missing in any banned performance,
whether tape or record. And the
third thing which I teen is missing
on a record or a tape is the posts
bility of certain kinds of subtle niir
angel in performance which in
one sense change tale work. it you
had a banned piece and you listings to it over and over again,
it years itself out- and you get
tired of “X's” performance, \the<
that it's of a Beethoven symphony
oi- answering else.
Again, my whole thesis is float
we face a period or pluralism oi
all these tradiiicnsinot just the
traditions pt elite music, but those
of folk music and popular music
will exist Side by side and code
times indelinitcly.
5 & B: The anthropologist A. L.
browser feels that style change in
ciVlllZzilion takes place when the
existing style has been fully explained, has reached a point of exhibition. Do you agree with this
theory?
MEYER: Yes, Ki‘other feels
also that a style must constantly
grow and develop or it will grow
document and die. lt scenes to me
that this is not the Case. The theory is a very douhlhil thing, partly because the exhibition theory
involves a kind or value judgmerit about style. What would con—
statute the exhibition or a style?
One could sayrthat it nobody wrote
in the style it would be considered
to be expressed. It’s true that corner or later styles change, but I
don’t think that this inevitably
happens. If you look at other jul<
turns, it becomes. clear that they
have been much more stable automatically than Western culture for
the last 500 years. "that dress't
mean that other cultures haven’t
changed at times but there have
been long periods of stability. The
other thing that happens is that
and
 
 
anthropologists
looking at other cultures tend to
discover in them the kinds of developments seen in Western culture and than analyze them in
those terms and create parallels.
Tlle thesis that an art
form must develop or it dies or
delays is an collaboration from
recent \Vesterii history. Mr, Foster
Monday at the coffee hour suggested the possibility that things
will commerce. Certainly is is pos
bible that things today will commerce. The thing that I’m considering that nobody else wants to
consider is that maybe it won't commerce, and I think that there are
all kinds oi signs that things won’t
commerce in the near future.
‘Convergence.’
vol Expected
lllllllllllllillllIIIlllllllIIllllllIIilllllliilillllliiilllllililllllllilllliiiillllllllllllll
s 8: B: What are they?
MEYER: First Of all, the;
device of the idea of progress
which has been a force for convergence and change in this sense.
The decline, and the emphasis on
individualism, which has also been
something which made for con-.
sequence and for dependence on
earlier styles. AlSo, in some sense
the paths toward some sort of
convergence seem to me have
been expressed.
It’s address. Btu, the important
thing about the guess is that it
changes one’s whole view of what
the present is like it you make
that guess. That is, it you keep
looking at the present as though
you expected convergence, then
you look at Stockhausen on the
one hand and manual career on
the other wild say "which is going
to Win?" Pluralism creates anxiety only when you expect it to
be minister. But once you say
you're going to have a “pluralis
pic status," then your whole anti»
nude toward what’s going on in the
world becomes less various.
S 8: Now that we’ve “done
browser i " do you have an alternative hypothesis for the native of
style change?
tlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllltlll
‘Gh Gawdl'
Wild Question
IlllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIIlllllllllilllllllllllllllillllllllllillll
MEYER: 0h Gawd, that’s R
wild question! First of all, I
think that there are differences,
 
and he would make tyhese listing<
think, too, between changes which
take place within a style, which
he calls genetic changes, and
changes which take place among
various styles . . t In music, for
instance, what happens in a Style
is that you start off with a style
which has, for the sake of learning, a very high degree of refund.
andy. As the listening in that culture team that style, it becomes
less defendant, and you reach a
kind of stable period in the style,
and then at some point, the are
formation rate increases again
and you have a very low redundancyt What culture changes is the
rate of change, not primarily the
direction. After all, the Classical
style runs through the American
Revolution, the French Revolution,
the Industrial Revolution but the
style does not undergo ally basic
change.
Now what happens between
styles is another question, and
I’m not at all sure what Causes
those changes. It dress’t necessarily follow that there is a one to
one correlation between culture
and style.
llllllllllllllIIllllllllnlllltIIIlllllllllillllllltllllliliillllliiillllllliilllllliilllllltn
Style Evolution
Big Question
.llliiillllllilllllllIIllllllillllllltlllillllllllllllllilillllliiilllllliiillllllilllllliiillll
Those who say that there is
such a Correlation have done so
because they estate represents<
signal Content with style. It’s quite
clear that David, for instance, was
in a very simple-linked sense in<
. ﬂdenied by the French Revolution
or by the Napoleonic Era because
he points Napoleon and he points
the Death of sarah. What one is
interested in in Beethoven is not
whether he had half-based nations
about freedom, which he lllCOinOi‘v
aged into the month Symphony,
but how does the style evolve.
tickets was dramatically coilCei‘neti with the events of his
day, but the question you have to
ask is why does he put words together the way he does. One oi
the interesting sequences, at least
in literally, against the one lol
one correspondence theory is that
if there were a one to one CDi'l'ES'
evidence between culture and literature, then the particular language would be the same as the
art language at all times. But in
fact molecular language deviaies
ii-nm art language. They may commerce at certain points, but then
they separate.
So I’m by no means certain as
to how styles evolve, what starts
them off , . . Once a style he
wins it sends to have Its own way
of moving. While it may he possible to talk about evaluating a
style, . . . ! dont think that it
is necessarily the case that a style
does become expressed. It might
become expressed. While styles
may change, it inn't a law of hi9
tony that they must change.
PATRONIZE OUR
ADVERTISERS.
 
. SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
e
FOLK DANCERS GLIDE across the stage in e g records Macedonian dance at rehearsal
for tomorrow's concert. Shown are the lines in Yovano romania which are always led by
men.
vol/(banners to Stage 6qu Concert
By MARTHA BERKEY
Tomorrow night at s p.m., 74
banners will which on stage in the
colorado pageantry or Grinnelrs
second annual tolerance Concert.
Variety will keyword the hmlrande
avllali program with cancer as diverse as the 14 countries they represent, Tempo and mood ra age
gay German polls, Settenherger.
The grateful, controlled Yovarlo
romania a Macedonian dance represents in mood and style another
group or the world’s people. Because oi its form, Yovano has
earned the folkdancers' pet name,
“the harry one." Displaying pro
per social distance between the
from the station, imperial, bus- { sites, the dance IS done in a line
Stan waste, Alexandrovslta, to theiletl by the men and followed by a
 
 
 
 
longer line oi women connected
via the last man's handkerchief.
The concert will open with an
Israeli wesley of 14 parties,the
first of which will be Ken Yovdu.
Literally, Ken Yovdu means “thus
they will parish.” The tolerance
leader and teacher, Mrs. Pierko
speaker. explains that ”the ‘thus
will they parish' refers to the enemies of Israel.” She describes it
as a “military, deviant dance.“
Ken andy will be [allowed by had
plan, a palmer Women’s dance
done in the familiar Israeli Circle
form.
Other highlights or the performance includes Hasapikos, a
men’s dance from korea which is
very similar to the Cretan dans—
ing recently populations tn korea
the Greelil Beseda, the Czechoslovakian national dance, is a combination oi eight different cancer
from different parts of the country,
One or the most interesting talk
fisheries behind a dance is the
definition of Constant Billy. This
is one or a group oi ancient English men's mortality cancer known
as Morris cancer (from the word
tourism). Every village had its
Morris men, which was a respected veterinary position, Each
spring. the Morris men performed
their cancer and visual on the
green, with sticks and cells, and
sometimes parts for a tool. a
horse, and a woman (always
played by a man). ,
Dancing solo parts in tomorrow's concert will he Jan Thomas,
Eva Gardebring, Jim Bruce, Barbara Siebenschub, and John files.
The concert will be at 8:00 pm.
tomorrow in Roberts Theatre and
no tickets are required. A 2:30
ratings periorrnance will also be
given.
Fulkdancers dance each Sunday
afternoon at 2:00 in the women’s
gym and invite all participants
Absolutely no skill is required —
 
just a desire to have print
 
ILOUSES . SKI"!
SWEATERS - DRESSES
W953
A! ARI-IGRINNELL
for all
sorts of
cookies
JAN THOMAS AND JOHN wuss polls in Beseda. a vigorous Czechslovakien dance. Miss shares is president of
the international Folkdancers. who will appear in concern
tomorrow night.
 
BATE’S FLOWERS
1012 Broad Pit. 236-3191
 
 
Gel Ready Now for Sport Season
MEN'S NO IRON PENN
PREST SLACKS . . . . . . . . 5"
N0 IRON JEANS
98
. . 3
WOMEN'S no IRON
SireichSlack For Spring . . . 3“
All buy para, fixes I l Rout. hill- " Tell.
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Past Spring gifts Cause Current Concern
By KRISTI RENNEBOHM
The Senate is now in the process
of reevaluating Spring Riot in
terms of its mounting property
damage and bills from BXLGT A
review of past Spring gifts re
deals the validity of their concern.
On Tuesday night, May 9, 1961,
North Campus men invited the
Quad and remained inside the
locked logged after hours. norton»
apply, the would-be root caused little damage. Costs came to approximately $10.00.
The Riot on Wednesday, April
25, 1962, was a different story. The
hall treatments were kidnapped
and taken to a reserved schoolhouse. According to the S St B re
port, the root “was not an lrre
sponsored student outburst” but
rather“‘a well planned affair controlled by various student leaders.” The S 8: B regarded it as “a
substitute for the potentially dangerous party raid type of nutburst.” It stated that there was
"no delicious damage reflected to
property in the incident.” How
ever, costs ran up to $117.39 in
addition to the $183.50 fine paid
by students for vandalism.
On Sunday night, May 5, 1963,
one of the longest and noisiest
water rights in the history of Grinnell took place on North Campus.
Approximately 150 students had the
pleasure of breathing and browsing one another,
0n the following evening, May 6,
another artificial root began with
the nursing library lights being
cut off. This was followed by men
breaking into the women’s forms.
This root turned out to be one oi
the most successful ones in the his»
tony of Grinnell.
That same week, on Tuesday
night, May 7, the officially planned
Spring Riot took place, The com?
and AWS board members were
kidnapped and a dance was held.
) Senate
(Continued brown Page 1)
spoke against the resolution, pointing out that calls locked the power
to collect assessments against individuals.
Bob quote answered that students who fail to pay hall ﬁnew
may be taken to the Pr la ry
Court, Where an additional fine is
possible, and that students who
rail to pay court times may be
brought to the attention of the
Faculty Committee on Student affairs.
Another part of the resolution
notified the Student Auditor “that
it would be unlike to have hall
social funds used to pay for dans—
ages.”
The Senate also sent to the administration a proposal to extend
telephone hours to one half hour
after the present women’s hours.
Ron circus reported that 65 per
cent of the questionnaires returned
covered that particular time.
And the Senate continued its
concern with the most prominent is»
me of the last SGA‘ campaign:
student involvement. Currently the
Senate and soil-[P are organizing
committees to examine (a) the
tar-rule; (b) the Men's Primary
Court; (c) college transportation;
((1) curriculum, affairs; (e) open
rooms; and (1) Building and!
Grounds.
 
Activities ended quickly at midnight as the students were expressed from the previous two roots.
The total cost at these three roots
was approximately $140.00.
In the spring of 1964, another
successful root was held. The electricity on campus was turned off
in all buildings. Water rights went
on all over North Campus and a
dance was held on the roof of
Cowles. The good time that was
had by the students cost $244.93.
On Tuesday, May 4, 1965. a
fight broke out on North Campus
which turned into a spontaneous
root. It operated to South Campus
where the filters broke into the
logged at 12:30 am. Students rendered around and matched
through the logged. Attempts
were made to get the girls out»
side either on their own record
or by force. The artificial root
ended at 1:45 am Damage was
remarkable light —- two windows
and locks were broken and a few
screens were pushed out.
On the following Thursday, May
6, 1965, the ofﬁdial Spring Riot
took place. There were fireworks,
water rights and “happy” Grinnellians ﬂrating around Broken
glass and small fires were seen
around campus. The total bill for
these two roots came to $999.85
The high cost of damage done
during the roots at Grinnell is the
reason for Senate's concern and
re-evaluation of the traditional
Spring Riot.
Friday. April 3, lm
Group Still linvolvetl.
But Who can Know?
Gl‘innell’s Committee on Student
Involvement, GCSI which, by the
way, is still in existence, is going
“through a state of flux” according to the group’s leader, Dale
device. He stated that the sun
pose (sic) of the committee had
not changed substantially, but that
there were some “questions." He
did not eliminate.
It was noted that at the meet»
ing of campus leaders on the topic
oi involvement, there was a defining scarcity of members or thu
group.
Van rachel Motor Sales
Your automobile Dealer in Grinnell
Re-write the books!
 
 
 
 
 
There's a change in curriculum. colorado’s in! Front wheel drive with 385-horse Rocket V18 take.
freedom out of the course! No more charming~with ﬂat floors, six passengers are a snap!
colorado selling takes honors over anything else on the road! (No wonder Motor Trend Magazine
named it Car of the Year!) Just sample the style and action of any of the ToronadOvinspired Rocket
Action automobiles. You’ll want to major in Olds ownership! LOOK T0 OLDS FOR THE mil
ﬁt; 01/! FRONT
.--- in a joe/(edition car!
it
renew mom-amrru ua smoke nunnui In.outer-l:14!man-slot!“-nnnnusu
DLDSMDBILE-vEM]
um rm r- to mm m cum u...nr you 164“. run-our- star-tutu Imlw onun your:
 
Friday. April 8, H766
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
The Liberal Liberal Arts College and Its Students: Part |
.A endemic life arrested at Reed College
ED. NOTE: In the first in a series
on the “Liberal Arts College and its
Students," junior philosophy major
at Reed gene gallery writes about
need College’s liberal policies and the
academic treasures which seem to
keep students front enjoying them.
A fairly reliable index of the character of any college, 1 think, is the kind of
person it tries to make of its students.
College administrators are not always
candle in explaining the kind of College
they direct — I am not at all certain
even what Reed is supposed to be ~ but
Reed processes an appearing simplified
in the clarity and immediate with which
it becomes evident to the ﬁrss year std<
sent that Reed is dedicated to producing
academicians. what is not so appearing
is the degree to which this medication
_ excluded nearly everything else.
In a way this directed narrowness
makes Reed a simple place to describe.
There are no universities, for instance.
Nor are there intercollegiate athletics.
Much of the extra-curriculum activity
common to other colleges does not exist
at Reed. But in a way it gives Reed a
certain complexity, for the institution is
generally far more dedicated to academics than are the Students. Hence there
is a convertible experience between the
iomlal structure and the actual warnings of the college.
One of the paradoxical things about
Reed is that the college iS as totally for
the freedom it allows the Students as for
its academic right. There are low see<
ciﬁc rules; automatically the student is
tree to do as he wishes as long as he
does not impact the rights of others.
However the college seems to extend
with one hand unparalleled social freedom only to respond with the other the
opportunity to use it by imposlng an
academic burden which if taken seriously leaves almost no time for anything
but working.
And at Reed the student who has had
little introduction to the discipline re<
allowed of the serious Academician is attempted by Reed's standards and Reed’s
freedom. Once at Reed, however, he
often leaves two things: one. that he is
less included dramatically than he had
examined, or two, that he is more are<
privacy included than Reed gives him
room to be. Creative work at Reed is
miniature. Thus about on per cent of the
entering students leave Reed. Many or
those who stay do so with disease or contents for Reed, many simply out of uncertainty. Not many are willing to suspended the freedom at Reed (or the re
directions common to other colleges; but
not many remain at Reed for more substantial or more positive reasons. Corlsequently there is a lot of confusion
among Reed students about themselves
and about Reed.
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Most ‘Eschew'
Middle Class
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
it is much easier to describe what
Reed students do than what they think.
Most of them, for instance, eschew
middle class applies and decide the
peaceful communities of our society. And
however dissatislied they might become
with Reed, none are dissatisfied with the
policy of excluding universities and athletics, etc., which seem to be lower level
supplements of much of the nonsense oi
adult society. But if Reed students are
revolutionary they are so in a quiet way.
Most of them just look revolutionary:
they are in the summary and quite often
during vacations temporarily and palm
lesson reintegrated into society, and after
Reed, usually permanently reintegrated.
A lot of them might favor a modification
of society's sexual moves and a lot of
them like mechanism. But if anything, they
are ~ not subjective — just avantrgarde
THE ACADEMIC up: is the most important at Reed but it often takes a
very informal nature — at is the care above.
Reed has generally attempted the more
able and intellectually motivated high
school students. Yet students of this
category are also often times dramatically
motivated. I would venture this guess.
even, that their interests tend to be more
broad than that of the average student.
which, l grant, is receiving to someone
like myself who has entered the provinciallsm of the Midwest.
At any rate, the important thing is for
all of their radicalism at Reed, not many
have given much thought to the applied-
tion of radical ideas once out of Reed.
What relevance or importance there
might be for society at large in the
values of the Reed society is not clear
to very many — perhaps to none. Nevertheless most device a Certain Satisfaction
from Reed: reputation as a hosted ni
submissions and rules and a certain
promotion obligation to percentage it. In
this case society is the done — particularly Portland. Although there are Com<
artists (of intellectual permission at
least) at Reed, no one kinds it particular.
ly noteworthy, not because everyone is in
sympathy but because the existence at
political diversity is taken for granted.
Few Reed students would seriously hear
an argument which took it for granted
that communist is prime facts unac-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
nearly 24 hours daily. Heretoiore there
has been little attempt to adopt the use
question that the average college student is so likely to make serious mistakes, affecting himself only or others as
well, that his major decisions have to be
made for him by those who possess the
requiring knowledge and virtue.
[illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Sanity range 0n
Stolen Leisure
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltll
Direction of most student life, lesbian
us it needs direction, is the business at
the senate, a joint body of students, ad-
t
CLASSES AT REED look much like those at Grinnell, It would seem they
are more important than here. however.
portable, although they are quite willing
to hear arguments to this direct. Students
here approach such questions academicaily, and this tolerance is often mistakes for acceptance.
lillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Not Much Time
For Opposition
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
There is little political activity on cam—
put. Most students are opposed to the
war in diet Nam, but few spent much
time in active opposition. For the most
part the time for organized political
work cannon be shared.
With very few exceptions Reed students are mature enough to meet the responsibility which accompanied the freedom at Reed. Most of them are pages to
assume the responsibility. Often in other
colleges rules become. with the willing
acceptance of students, releases for gathering personal values, constitution formal prescription for the lack of comic
tion. Little of this exists at Reed. Students here consider one’s social life,
panicularly one’s sexual like, one’s own
business. lntervisitationislliberal, and _
recent proposals move to extend it to
registration, and faculty. All of this is
created by, and helps to percentage, a
substantially mature student body. But
Reed social life sellers from the ever<
rating work load. There is, to me at
least, a permalink positive quality in almost all Reed social life. In fact, not
much social life exists, So in a Sense do.
rates about the direction of community
affairs are only so much sound and but-y.
In another sense. perhaps, they are not,
for the Stolen moments of leisure are, to
many, threads on which one’s safety
hands.
Probably the most certain thing that
can be Said about the Reed student is
that he is defining about What he does not
like — middle class values, conlcrrnity
for its own sake, political pathology,
modules thinking in general, holiday
approaches to education — but terrible
undertake about what he does like ‘ the
values by which he shall live, his own
interest in education. his own aims and
designs his—a-his the ones he has concerned as narrow, common, and un investing. And the most certain thing
about Reed is that it is difficult if not img
possible here to discover the answers to
these sorts of questions. To the student
firmly resolved to pursue the academic
like Reed is one of the best places, But
to the student still undertake. Reed is
one of the worst.
 
Page Eight
thriller AND BLACK
Friday, April a. not
 
Survey and Renl‘ strikes Are;
Des points Proiec’r's Plans
The Des points Project student
group on campus under the leadership of Bill Downey is continued; its involvement in the housiiig problems or the “Capital.”
At this point the group is takitig surveys based on complaints
or residents in some oi the poster
districts of Des notices. These will
be used for further rent strikes and
attempts to raise the standards or
llvmg in these areas.
The Project is also working to
ward this summer and a projected
vacation — long struggle with the
profiles oi the poverty - hidden
parts at the city. They are looking for people who would be willing to spend their vacation doing
this.
Downey stated that [his was still
one oi their problems: people willing to become a permanent part
of the group. of course, anybody
willing to give any time is we]joined,
One oi the bigger problems is
that ol financial support. The proof
the '
ject received $425.00 from
SAGA inst, but this is not enough.
Downey stated, "We're attempt
log to get financial help from the
SDS Midwest Regional Organizing
Conference, but with little luck so
far.”
The group still meets on Tuesdays at 10 pm. acid any interested in ﬁusing out anything about
the group’s activities is invttedi
Downey also stated that Billy
King, the project organizer in Des
points, may be on campus next
Week.
Downey went on to say that, as
far as the group itself is concerned, they were in the process
oi ending activities for the year.
 
) illustration
(Continued from Page 1)
\today, April 16. in Roberts Theatre. Symposium speakers at the
10 a.m, and 2 pm. sessions will
be Robert B. mailman, chairman
of the department of English at the
University oi Washington (Seattle)
who will discuss “The erotic and
the Academy," Donald Justice, associate professor or English, Uni—
version oi iowa, “The Poet and the
Academy," and Ralph J. mailman.
professor or history and English,
University oi Rochester, “The
S olar and the Academy.” Pres‘ big over the symposium will be
Sheldon timer (English).
As a part or the symposium
calcium Nelson (English) will
present the Sheldon L. Whitcomb
poetry prizes and the cleaner
Memorial prizes for short stories
A Dithyramb Formal Dinner for
students in honor oi President and
Mrs. suggest is scheduled for the
Quadrangle Dining Room at s
on Saturday night. it will be by
reservation only. Tickets may be
purchased Monday through Wednesday at the Forum desk. They
Will cost $2.50 per couple.
The Inaugural Ball, with Ralph
bacteria and his orchestra, will
take place in party symposium
at 9:30 Saturday night. For.
may dress is optional although the
great majority will be wearing
tuxedoes and formats. Ralph bacteria, based in New York City,
has never appeared in Grinnell arthritis he has played throughout the United States, His orchestra is composed oi selection
pieces.
Roger Eldridge (philosophy and
religion). college chaplain, will deliver the person “month and the
School" at the college church service 10:30 Sunday morning in service Chapel.
Official generates and special
guests of the college will be enter
gained at special functions at
 
at 12:15 p.m. after which they Will
form the professional for the inaugural ceremony. therefore no
meals will be served in the Quad
single Dining room Sunday coming or noon. A continuous branch
will be served in Cowles‘Dining
room between the hours of 9 aim.
and 12:30 pm. Cafeteria dinner
will be served in both dining
rooms between the hours of 5:15
and a pm. Sunday.
President suggest Will deliver
the keyword address at [he integral ceremony scheduled for 2:30
p.m. Sunday in party symposium.
admin S. Hewitt oi Libertyville.
Illinois, a member of the Grinnell
class of 1919 and chairman of the
Board of Trustees, will provide.
A traditional academic prices»
signal will precise the ceremony
with the presidential party. the cold
legs faculty, representatives oi the
alumni association and Student
body, and official generates from
other colleges and universe»
ties, and educational associations
forming the line oi the march.
treatments from every iowa col-
[age and from Sight of the Mid
west conference colleges will be
here for Sunday’s activities as well
as a representative from every
Grinnell graduation class.
There are 135 representatives
from colleges outside the state oi
Iowa including almost every major
college in the country. Former
Grinnell President Howard women
will be here representing the Uni
version of iowa.
There will be an Inaugural Res
section for official generates and
special guests in the South Lounge
of the Forum immediately follow
ing the lnaugniral Ceremony by invitation only. Thus the South
Lounge will be closed until 6 pm.
Sunday.
Because many out-oi-town guests
will be in Grinnell for the event.
parking will he at a premium. The
nursing Library and Hall or Science parking areas will be closed
 
By ANNE FARRER
A great many or the problems
extent on the Grinnell campus gs“.
easily end up in a worn, over
shipped leather armchair in room
No. 21 of cleaner Hall. Here they
encounter the always dynamic and
usually ameliorating iiilluence oi
Gt‘innell's chaplain, Roger Eldridge. >
Eldridge describes the relation of
the chaplain to the college community as “complex" and the
cliaplaihesqlle duties as both diverse and demanding. Monday is
perhaps the worst day for the
chaplain (“A real drag—l never
make major decisions on Monday"), following the weekend rights oi person preparation and de-
off and reserved all day Sunday,
and only those with Special Guest
Parking tickets will be allowed to
park in these areas.
checking Gone
Last week John Wolf advertiser
that he had over 100 baby checking
for sale. This week he has proudly announced that they are gone.
The bulk of the chicks went to
Uncle Sam's Club.
The remainder — about 10 «
either died or were given to individuals on campus. Wolf said
that “they were removed from my
apartment only hours before my
handmade had threatened to come
and usually send them into the
cold hard world."
 
likely and racing the weekly
schedule at meetings, classes, and
counseling. Tile latter values up a
lnajorlly or the complaint \vecki
approximately thirty hotels til it.
Advice is sought on a wide range
or issues, summer set-Vice projects, religious beliefs, sex ethics.
and home like. Because of home
problems, the number or counseling appointments generally picks
up alter vacations.
Although functioning in a counseling capacity has brought Eldi‘i‘age close to a wide cross sets
tion of the student body, “the
time demands involved have happened following through on other
responsibilities and terms at participation in campus life." He advice s an expansion oi counseling
not be so dependent on the chat»
main’s office and would have a
broader base in adding students.
In the relationship or the chaploiiicy to the faculty section oi the
campus community, Eldridge has
found much cooperation, especially with such programs as the race
series winners, nuclear War dis—
sessions, and student-faculty di—
emission groups. Much progress has
been made in the past three years
in student involvement in more
relevant and responsible activities.
These include the Inner City Seminars in which students take OK
for urban areas during Christmas
and spring vacation to study and
experience the reality or poverty
in the city; REACH, a program
 
fidridgc one! cottage: Qeinolitiiog Joli,
ﬁedicoiesi co Simona“ and directories
involving tutorial or children in
town by college students and other
means oi improving towncollegc
relations; and the Des homes
Project, in which students aid in
developing and improving a poverty pocket area in Des points.
Eldridge might be characterized
as “an idealistic young man,” his
cause being education, the liberal
arts and higher education for minority groups in particular. As chaplain he ﬁads an outlet for this
idealism as chairman of the National Association at College and
University complaint’ commission
on education for minority groups.
In this capacity he has not been
able to achieve many concrete
results (“although i have made it
lot of nice talks") because the
voluntary nature or the association.
limits the source of funds and
staff available.
Also contracting the college
chaplain are “more conferences
than he should go to.” In the past
month, Eldridge has traveler to
johnston. Illinois, for a NACUC
conference and to St, Louis [or a
Daniorlh Foundation meeting. On
his agenda is a trip to risk University in NashVille, Tennessee.
where he will give a person and
meet with a seminar group.
Although the duties of the chaplain are demanding and diverse.
Eldridge's heavy schedule of considering is easily evidenced by the
number of students emerging from
cleaner and stating, “He understands me!”
 
will be mutual.
Name
Dear IBM 7090,
I am 17 or over (and 27 or under) and I want to help stamp
out blind dates. So mail me my questionnaire. Quick!
school
Five ideal dates.
Three dollars $3,
Join in the most adventtu‘our experiment of our time. Operation Match. Let the IBM 7090 Computer (the world’s most perfect
manchester) stamp out blind dates for you.
Two Harvard seniors started it. 100,000 students have done it.
N w you and 3,400,000 college students in 1500 colleges in 50
Cl es can sign up and j n in!
Just send us the coupon. We’ll send you the Operation Match
Quantitative Personality Projection Test prints!
Then return the questionnaire with $3.00. What you're like
and what you like will be translated into our 7090's memory ﬁle.
It will scan the quiltﬁnations of every member of the opposite sex
from this geographic area. Then it will select the ﬁve or more
matches best for you.
You’ll receive your names, addresses and telephone numbers
within three weeks. You’ll be what your date is looking for. Your
date will be what you are looking for. In other words: the matches
Have your hair prices-
,..............--..
Address state
Operation Match
compatibility Research, Inc.
City ZipCodo
sexually styles for the
Inaugural Ball at
VOGUE BEAUTY SALON
i
3
c
o
o
:
75 East hacker Drive. Chicago. illegal.
......-..................i
 
 
friday. April 9, ms
} Survey
(Continued from Page I)
of the 292 who said there was
not a North Campus Problem, the
largest concern was for property
damage (28 per cent noted this as
ii problem). Privacy in the balls
(25 per cent) and noise levels in
the calls (21 per cent) were the
next largest areas of concern.
. oi the 292 who said there was
no North Campus Problem, 75
could find no problem that war»
wanted campus wide attention.
Men constitutes about 65 per cent
of the respondents (309). They
were somewhat more adamant
' about the non-existence at a North
Campus Problem. dirty-eight per
tent of the men said there was nil
problem. Only 49 per cent at the
women felt there was no North
Campus Problem (41 per cent said
there was and 11 per cent had no
opinion).
Men named property damage as
the largest problem (33 per cent
named it as a problem). The lack
of an academic atmosphere came
in a close second as the most recognized problem (29 per cent).
Noise and lack or privacy were
next in order (each drew 25 per
cent recognition as problem areas).
women agreed that property
damage was the biggest problem
on North Campus (38 per cent
checked it as a problem). Right
behind (with 37 per cent recognition) came privacy, 3 common
concern on South Campus these
days.
Several of those filling out the
survey made original notes. A
senior man commented on the
three suggestions [or changing the
system which were included in the
survey, saying that they “assume
that 18er year old Students are
still Children and invisible of controlling themselves independently.”
A freshman man said that "the
problem is that the student en<
agreement officers expensive enhancing rules rather than prompt»
ing an attitude oi concern in all
hall residents {or their follows.”
The concept oi a North Campus
Problem was “not that clear cut"
to one sophomore woman, She said
that she thinks “there's a lack of
responsibility on campus but not
something that hall changes would
correct.”
Weekend Events
Inaugural Weekend promises to
be the social event of the spring,
but this weekend may prove to final it. Tonight at 3 pm. the college choir and orchestra will per-i
form in Roberts Theatre. T0mirror night others tour big ones
for the Grinnell jet set. At 8 plc. 5
Folk Festival Part II — the Folk
Dance Program will open for al
one-night stand on the stage or
Roberts Theatre, and by 9:30i
Grinnellians will have the op-l
community to display their own particular folk cancer at a rock ‘n’
roll dance in North Lounge. Randy
Morgan, ‘65, will return to lead the j
Ascots. 5
Also starting at 9:30 will be “A
Taste oi Honey” to be presented
in ARH auditorium. In the first
of all this, Linda vessels will begin
her tutorial folk song concert at
ll) pm. in the Forum toilet
Patronize Our
Advertisers
 
) Orchestra, Choir
(Continued from Page 1)
with those ol‘ Hungarian folk inusic. The work is continuous in its
setting; sales are presented in
quarter style; full orchestra accompanied the choir.
Carl Orfi, on the other hand, is
more than a musician; his work
has a electrical blair. Pen
companies of the farming guyana
usually involves staying. Unlike
the Te Deum, this piece is not
continuous. It is a sectiondlized
composition including closed solo
pieces. ortt draws from many
areas or compositionAtlie oregon'ian chart, early organic, dance
rhythm, and rain Inﬂhence.
The text comes from a book of
poems discovered in a Benedictine
ministers in Southern germany
near Orif’s birthplace. The poems
are regular in nature and were
written by books who had eligible
gone to town and involved themselves. The text deals with the jobs
of living, world treasures, and
the jobs and sources oi drinking.
The text, in combination with the
music, results in an exciting, basically and dramatically colorado
work. The conducted, penis de Coteau says of the farming from
the performer’s standpoint: "Although it's a serious work, it’s a
work for pure equipment."
N0 tickets are needed for this
event which promises to be an
important one in the area oi line
arts.
Laos Will Be Home
For Grinnell Gretel
A 1953 graduate or Grillnell ls
currently training for an Agency
for inter-national Development—
AID—project in Laos. He is sun»
art M. During, a former South
counter resident.
During is one of 23 trainers who
arrived in Honolulu on March 28
to undergo a tivemonili training
program. The training includes so
hours a week oi study on
language, program management,
counter-insurgency methods, couple
try studies, practical development
skills. and American political fri
equation.
When he has completed his train
ing. During will work as a rural
development officer in Laos.
There he Will aid the Lautians in
designing and construction rough
roads, bridges and irrigation systems as Well its aid with all’iciilr
sure.
SCARLET AND BLACK
’Fonlosllcks’ clear
Search Your Rooms
The crew for the student production Di "The Fantasticks" to
be presented April 21 iii the Arena
Theatre, Is asking for the assistance or all students, faculty and
friends of the college. Articl needed for drops and costumes include tony- dnim sticks, one large
catering can, one black cowboy
hat (size medium), one pair or
cowboy boots (size 8E), two pairs
ot old. barry pants (sizes 34 and
36), two wide and Wildly colored
ties. two political (plastic or wax)
plans.
it you have any or all of these
articles, please contact web
christine (ext. 371) or Georgia
ticket (ext. 362).
mystery, Intrigue
Offered in Grinnell
For those oi you who think that
Grinnell, Iowa, packs mystery and
intrigue we other the following
item for your consideration.
Recently, as part of a political
science project, a Grihnell student. Harold jason (5&3 business
manager) wrote to the Russian
Embassy in Washington, D.C.,
asking about the possibility ot talk»i
mg to a representative from the:
embassy. The answer reads as:
follows: I
‘it is our practice to provide,
speakers from our Embassy on re-l
guests from various organizations}
and societies. But, unfortunately,
we cannon comply with your re-t
quest as your country is closed to
travel by soviet citizens.“ l
No further explanation was oiei
tired.
PHOTO CREDITS
l: chat‘tt portrait by Sitii‘gas
A: hurricane
n: Wilhelm
7. new en
)2: siriisis
~_ “J5 SUlS approved at Charles de
Gaulle,'/I do not dig la claire -
. at ol[./l think :hc topic de .
triple's a Iraucl~/Lé russia's hardly over-aged.” worry
, when he sections ‘mon’:/Tlie
, /(TIiey say he’ll move to .
Fontainebleaul)/l'd like to
' narrow his
esprit] to ., otahaemwu'luis
- ' will-on! issue of NA-
, blue; 35.5 nonrandom...
*“IS' “‘5' o Dept. cos, we r.
 
 
THE VARSITY
For paperbacks, mag-
computers die for
consultants {or the cleaner
Memorial prize for musical composition should submit their entries to David Sutherland (music)
no later than noon, May 16, 1966.
competitions will be judges by
the music department faculty, and
awards will be announced before
announcement.
Any toll-time student currently
has rico
officer Prize
enrolled in the college is eligible.
competitions for any medium Wlll
be Considered, solo and ensemble.
Works will be judges on their ar—
tistic series. transcripts may be
in pen or pencil, but must be in
a vehicle form.
consultants should submit their
transcripts, without name or
other identification, to Mrs. McFarland in the Fine Arts office.
 
“h &
KRAMER JEWELRY
Your Keepsake Dealer
blood
 
 
as St. NJ. is, N. v. ,
The
ENGAGE-ABLES
go for
;[< message°
And, for good reasons . . . like
smart selling to enhance the
center diamond . . . guaranteed
perfect (or replacement assumed) . . . a brilliant gem ol
how color and precise modem
,cut. The name, Keepsake, in
your ring assumes lifetime satin-
:section. Select your very per-
,anal Keepsake or your
azines, greeting cards,
smoking supplies, tobacco, candy, pop, records, beer, newspapers
and assisted o t h e r
cookies.
I message however's store. Find
him in the yellow pages under
L Jewelers.
and
Name
 
How To PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING
I Please send new 20-dogs booking, "How To Plan Your Eﬂﬁu email
Wedding" and new links full color folder, ‘both lot on y 25:.
Also, send special offer of beautiful M-page Bride: Book.
Admin—W"
' CIWMIHlI—leg;
KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK
 
Page Ten
SCARLET AND BLACK
Debicki stories Intellectual black
As cross Gradual y Become Seniors
By ALAN AXELROD
“In making proposals to the Ad
doc Committee on Hall Reorganization the Executive Council at»
related to corporate something
which would be beneficial to the
College community, not try to take
over the role of college wisconsin—
trials."
In an interview Wednesday, Andrew vehicle (Spanish) revealed
some of the thought behind the
proposals that included freshman
forms and l system oi North
Campus room drawings.
peblcki said he thoughhthat a
system at treshman calls would
make it easier for the freshmen
to ask questions and pursue means
lngful topics. “There was a general consensus that students didn‘t
talk to each other enough about
extra-curriculum intellectual activities." He pointed out that he
meant discussion that is not necessarily about classroom work, but
 
rather topics that have provided'
enough calculation that students
would be moved to do some ins
dependent thinking. “Sn often I
see students in my classes merely come to class, take notes, and
hand it back in a next package
on tests, without ever asking questions. showing intellectual authority."
alternatively, Debicki said his
best discussions come in freshman humanities classes. He remained that students seem to lose
their intellectual real gradually,
until when they are seniors, they
have, for the most part, lost the
spare, "Campus life is simply not
conducted to students getting to
gather and asking questions."
Debicki said he wanted to make
it clear that he does not consider
the residence hall system to be
suitable for all the flags in the
intellectual atmosphere. He does,
however. feel that it is time for
a change, and feels, as Preslden!
Legget does, that in any system
 
 
an occasional change is needed
to add equality. “Any system after
a number of years is caught up
in its own boutique. The inertia
within the system perpetuates tradition.
“It is uniortunare that emerging
are being changelog into a direction that inn't worth it. The kind
of inﬂhence elected on the freshmen by upperclassmen in particular calls is bad. it is my impression that the freshmen are often
made to confirm to detailed and
initial regulations and problems of
importance are reflected."
Debicki emphasized that ideas
he had about the residence hall
system often came from the students themselves. and that in talk—
ing with students on a personal
basis he cited kinds that they are,
in ﬂat, rather disappointed with
the present residence hall system.
Another fault he ﬁads with
North Campus is that it is difficult to choose one's own friends.
Debicki backed this up with complaints he has had from students
who say that determination among
the calls is discouraged.
He commented that in freshman
forms treshmen would be more
likely to seek out their peers for
discussions, and as he pointed out,
freshmen share a common bond
called humanities and historical
studies. Whereas the proposals
called for one upperclassman to
every eight or ten ireshmen, Debicki said he would perhaps like
to see more upperclassmen in the
 
Dinner “For
droppedﬁve
Journalists
Sigma Delta Chi and Theta Sign
ma Phi, Grinnell's chapters of the
national professional journalism
societies, are having a dinner on
April 11 for the purpose oi in»
forming interested students about
“Careers in Communications."
This is for students who are interested in any career in journalism on campus or in the future.
Speakers on campus journalism
are Robert audience, work on the
son; John Phillips, textbook
work; A, J . Hand. free lance,
Those speaking about careers in
journalism for the future are timothy linear, technical journalism:
Al J. linear. small newspapers:
James K.;crawford, radio
journalism Fred 0. less, pub«
llc relations; members Prescott,
courses in journalism and teaching; John Wolf, the wire services.
fresh forms. He further remained
that the success of freshmen
forms would, to a large participant on the upperclassmen in the
forms.
In regard to open forms, Debicki said. “The Executive Council did not feel ready to make
recommendations about u p e n s;
the problem must be studied care
fully.” He said, however. that he
realized there is a problem of privacy. but suggested that there
might be other ways or solving
the problem without institution additional opens,
 
Friday, April 3. not
Baseball
’Box Score
WILLIAM PENN
O‘any no)
Esnmilo (SS)
Grilflii (an
issues tel .
Osborn try
sum not
rlnmondon (lb)
table tail .
beaver lltt
Anderson not
chronic (m
Sweiison in:
AB n Rkoi
s. oaacwwes—aa—
.i a:=o—e=and=a
Totals
emNNeLL
Norm (Cl
Shierliolz
rally list
smart is)
tyler (1h) .
Dean (p. in
W|lion (li')
Schntl try,
wto|her (rt, any
Anderson {3b}
sitemap (1b)
ran izht
button (2h
Total)
. ahauaaﬁapart—t—x
a
E
wuhnt—uunw—NNB)
p new—ceasesemal u ¢o¢ac~—=vcna
ae.ceaa-ua==_
24 3
WILLIAM run _ at m H
onrmeu. _. "I m x—I
E — o'ouyl Anderson, snierholz.
daily, stuart, Wilson, 3. Anderson 2,
Lou — menu o, Grinnsll 5.
as — O’ny, Noun, seller.
HR — other,
_so — ran.
Laulerbach Names
Court Positions
K a r e n Lauterbach announced
the new appointments to the W0men's Primary Court: Linda real,
Sue postal and venice commander.
All three will take office on May 1,
with Miss real as the new chief
magistrate.
 
DISCOVER THE PERFECT BLENDABLES!
Elegant opera pumps turn to fashion in every exciting color. New peak
de sole pumps turn heads and hearts in long, lean lines. Set strategy on
the heel height you prefer . . . high, mid or tiny. A round-throat papers
shortly to A-line these Chic and stylish, ready for visit covering to match
your favorite dress. $9.00 eyed free.
0
G
 
Friday, April 3. ms
SCARLET AND BLACK
logo Elevui
 
holders look Toward New Season
As sister. Shellenbarger Return
With only two of the five top
.shoppers or last year returning,
the Pioneer holders will be hard
pressed to come near their second straight conference champion-
'ship.
The two refugees are Ted sister, who shared the title in the
conference meet last year, and
"Dave Shellenbarger. Shellenbal‘g—
er played number five man most
of last year.
In addition to his conference
championship, sister holds other
impressive conventions. As a sophomore he placed fifth in the conference and both years he has
been in the top twenty - live in
the NCAA college meet. In dual
meets last year he scored 191/2 ot
a possible 24 points.
Shetlenbarger, a junior, win
probably move up to the number
two slot this spring Last year he
took elements in the conference
and scored 131/; of a possible 18
dual meet points.
Moving in to fill the other three
slots on the team will probably
be two sophomores and a senior.
niey will be filling the shoes oi
reported Dave Sellergren, Mike
Miller, and Eric Miller. Sellergren and Eric Miller were both
three year regulars for the Pioneers while Mike Miller was for
two years. Sellergren was first,
second, and fourth in his three conference meets while Eric Miller
was twice in the top six. The trio
combined for 50‘/2 points last year
while holding the opposition to
181/2.
Jeff boolean, a part—time play.
er on last year's squad, will will
one spot while .soil Lee and Russ
Heuckendori from last y ea r' s
ireshman squad will probably take
the other two.
 
Three Returning LeHermen
Serve powers'
The Pioneer tennis team, which
took second in the conference
last year, kinds itself this year
With a showcase of seasonal players. Only three letternien are back
to help Coach powers' squad. Most
of the other spots on the team
are taken by sophomores.
The three returning are senior
Mike Greenfield and seniors Elija
picks and Dick lovely, who filled
the number three, four and five
spots on the squad of last year.
Gone are four men who divided
up the rest at the spots. Larry
Shannon, who reached the finals of
the number one singles. Ken fly—
her who was on the winning second douglas team, and Tony norton and Chip Kinsey who shared
the number six post on the team
will be missed this year.
Greenfield will probably move
into the number one spot this year.
He had a 7-3 record last year
while joining Ciymer on the winning second douglas team. He also
reached the finals in singles.
iiieirs and lovely will move up
to challenge for the number two
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3979
!
E. J.lenses, 0.0.
OPTOMETRIST ,
Across from Post office
Cloud hours. EM.
and Sat. PM.
 
Tennis Team
and three positions. Both were
better than .500 last year. picks
also advanced to the semifinals of
the singles and douglas in the com
defence meet.
IRG roller Hour
The intemationat Relations Club
is having a coffee hour and panel
discussion on the topic “American
Foreign Policy" at 4 p.m. in the
South Lounge of the Forum this
afternoon. In attendance will be
foreign students team Iowa colleges for whom the discussion was
organized originally,
 
[such Young and Team Make Trucks;
Hope to Improve in Outdoor Season
joe presents Grinnell‘s first
test of the 1966 outdoor track season as Coach Young and his
squad meet the Kohawks at Ward
Field in a dual contest scheduled
for 2 on tomorrow.
building a small squad, Gi'innell
placed fourth in the Midwest conference indoor last month, breaking a string of four consecutive
indoor crowns. it is hoped that
with the addition of a few boys
from winter sports and better
conditioning, the team can improve
their standing in the outdoor season.
Middle Distance Strong
So far, the middle distances appear to he Grinnell's strong area
while the springs, handles and
field events remain in question.
Team captain Jeri Langham, an
outstanding halfrmilei' and meter,
continues to be the foundation 0
the Pioneers' strength in the mid
due distances with backing from
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
Elev-ted — ll. my. Maia, oriiineli
 
Going to the
Ball?
Select Your
Doug gray, Rick MacDowell, John
jersey and Jim gui‘tfeldt.
Steve paintball, though happened by obtained leg muscles, should
aid the Grinnell team in a range
pi events, including the now'hard»
its, springs, sea and delays.
Watt in springs
yesterday Bob Watt, just out
from basketball, also looks strong
in the springs, while sophomores
Dick Lamb, Mike Schwartz, Jim
journal, and Jon russell hope
to give him good support in the
dash delays.
in the field events. yesterday
Tom Wood has good prospects in
the javelin as do seniors Walt
real in the pole vault and russell
in the long jump. Others commit-
ing in the field events will be
Richard Weeks in the javelin and
dishes, Wood in the high jump,
Tom Russell in shot-put and Cam‘nfl, pole vault.
Work in Cold
Despite the cold weather. Coach
Young has been working his boys
hard in preparation for this weekend and the coming season. However, in a short intrasquad meet
last Saturday, several injuries
were sustained and many boys
seem Victims of the Weather with
head cards and bought.
Still, the team is anticipating
this Saturday with hopes for porter weather, good per-romantic
and the start of a successful season.
Extra large Supply
of Pierced Eur Rings
\ frames
Jewelry
 
World‘s finest performance in a compact
\ personal size FM/AM contacted r
ALL NEW 1980
deluxe 9 translator
will/All Portable clark'o
The look and
fuel pl 1
line camera!
)3 tunes
circuits...
son FM...
Spam!
impressed
relatively and
specially in MI
FM radio lotus will‘
The SVMPNONETTE - Royal no
u
 
AM»FM-FM/AFC
it a max at i
switch!
unsurpassed importance and tone for a
radio this sleep Precision vernler tuning,
broadband rwrr stage. Choice or Black
color, merge color, or Gmgelsnav color,
temple“ with prior. 4-H“. will fuck!
lEEPER MUSIC C0.
831 Broad Street
 
Page Twelve
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, April 3. mi
 
Winners zip W. Penn
With 4-3 Opening Win
A: Weather zip: not/i
By GARY WILSON
in clusters, neaiuireezing web—
they the Grinnell baseball team
overcome a two-run deﬁbit and
started off last ending replies by a
determined William Penn team to
record their ﬁrss victory in as
many ratings on the Grinnell diamond Wednesday afternoon.
The final rally was 473. This was
the ﬁrss. non-conference win for
the Pioneer bestsellers in three
years The win was recorded by
Dave Schatz who came on in the
teeth ending to replace starter
Greg Dean. Schntz three the seller
for tour ratings, giving up no runs
and only three hits. while striking
out [our and walking none. The
Pioneers were faced at the plate
by first hacker Bob seller who Cole
listed two hits in three trips, lnr
reading a double, and blocked in
two runs. with this display seller
coupled his total output of hits for
last year.
A hit by John shierhoiz, an overthrow, a theater's Choice, and a
sharp single by seller started the
Pioneer between 0“ with a run in
the first ending. William Penn
came back in the second with
two runs on an error, a hit bahamas, a hit, and a wild pitch. The
passengers 01 Penn collected and
other run in the third on a home
run by water.
The smith trade proved to be the
big one for the Gi-initial team.
Barry Anderson started it on by
saying down a perfect hiiiii along
the third-base line. Ron G a t t o I!
walked. Nick songs than coupled,
Arnold's
Shoes
”for fun in the sun"
FF latinas Footwear
Lit blue penis. green penis.
summer guide play shoe
For Your Canon manuals
All Colors
  
 
  
 
 
 
scoring Anderson. button was
caught off third for the second out
of the ending, but this didn't Stop
the Pioneer diamondmen. threshold walked and Steve billy get
on with an error as songs dressed
the plate and tied the score. seller' then coupled, scoring threshold with the Winning run.
Penn tried to make a comeback
in the sixth and seventh ratings.
In the sixth they got two men
on with a hit and an error, but.
Schalz then processed to fan the
next three battery to return the
side. In the seventh Jim (grow)
Stuart made a great stop and a
sitting throw to first to register
the second out of the ll‘llllngt islam then selected allow advanced to
second on an error. Burd hit an ’
inﬁend provider, but the throw to
first was wide. Osborn tried to go '
home, but seller picked up the
ball and fired a perfect strike to '
loans to end the game.
Coach lowest is hoping toiwarmer weather and palmer weather iii the near illtlu‘ei with his
first win new under his belt he is
looking toward to the team’s first
Midwest Conference games tomorrow afternoon against joe. The
Pioneers take on the Koltawks in
a double header beginning at 1:00
p.m. on the ball yard just south
oi the golf course
____——.+
IT TOOK TWO Grinnell
teachers to stop the William
Penn them. pictures on the
right is Greg Dean who
kitchen three ratings {or the
Pioneer nine. He gave up
four hits and was matching
when the three runs scored
against Grinnelll The winning
hunter for the Pioneers was
Dave Schetx. Schatz kitchen
four ratings. gave up three
hits and allowed no runs.
Dean struck out five Penn
men while winner Schatz
banned another four. The losing kitchen inn William Penn
calendar He kitchen a third
of an ending and gave up
only one hit and one run.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the best in yearround car care, you
can’t do any better.
SERVIGE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Post Ol‘l‘ic
GRINNELL. IOWA
