interim Program Announced
“Had we but world enough and time .
largely’s ancient
complaint will receive an intellectual answer in the form or Grin-
well's registered interim Program, ”an opportunity to pairsile academic studies outside
the semester framework.” As
approved by the faculty, in<
terms is scheduled to run from
Monday, January 9, through
Friday, January 13.
On the agenda for participants are three kinds of intellectual activity. Students may
choose independent personal
study (probably granted to students involved in second SEmester independent projects);
primarily organized study
groups, planned informal seminars, or B combination of
these activities.
Interim will offer called
hours on premarital sex, combination and automation,
crime in the USA and trim
Hell‘s PE requirement. Discussions of an art movie and
at Charles Ives’ music are
planned; movies, square
dancing, open swimming and
gym will be available for participants, (or whom carol
will open Sunday, January 3.
Four planned seminars will
be open to returning students:
1) The ‘God is Dead’ centre<
verse — discussing the views oi
Hamilton, Van queen, and citizen; 2) Population Problems
relating to the Ruseniield lectures, to be given by Phillip
caused from the University of
Chicago; a) The Philosophy at
Kennedy, thunder
Debate diet Stand
 
 
 
 
Kennedy thunder
This Tuesday, Nov. 22, at 4:15
p.m. intel South Lounge, senior
Steve thunder and sophomore
Joseph F. Kennedy will debate
the question: “Shall We Stand
in diet Nam?" Kennedy will
take the informative and thunder the negative. Charles Ran.
com, editorial writer for the
Des points Register and Tribune, will be the moderator.
“The reason i organized this
debate,” said Kennedy, "is that
I feel only one side of the diet
Nam question has been accurately presented on this can'lpus. While 1 sympathize with
those who impose our diet Nam
policy and while some of their
reasons are legitimate, on the
Whole l think their Views are
shortsighted. Generally I don't
think the coming theory has
been displayed and what is at
stake ill Asia is the fate of 325
million people."
thunder declined to make any
comment on the topic before
the debate Tuesday.
The debate will consist of two
fifteen minute speeches by
thunder and Kennedy and then
a short talk by random, who
will analyze both the debate and
the general topic, A question
and answer session will follow.
Science; and 4) a literature
seminar on one or all oi the
following A William Faulkner,
John Updike, D. H Lawrence.
Joseph Conrad.
9mm m
Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXlV
Grinnell. Iowa. Friday, November l8. l9“
No. II
 
Senate Passes Hours Change; Faculty Acts Next
 
Grinnell Hosts Goldovsky Opera
Giuseppe mardi’s “Rigolelto” gui be performed at Grlnnell
college tomorrow by the Goldovsky Opera Theater, with Ed-
ward allen conducting.
There will be two performs.
angel oi the opera, at 3:00 and
3:30 pm, in Roberts Theater.
Edward allen
Admission will be by advance
reservation with college activity ticket only.
lung in English, the opera
will have different fingers in
the major roles for the matches. and evening presentations. Al the ratings, Alexander Gray will sing the Iltls
role, Lucille secret will ap<
year as his daughter dildo,
Kenneth diesel as the pulse oi
Mantua, i. B. Davis as Spamtuciie, and Laura wilson as
Maddalena. in the evening the
same roles will be song by
france Iglesias, Enzo Citaroili, Teresa granted, Robert
sale, and monetary modules.
The current “cigarette” was
mardi's 14th opera and has become one or his most popular
since its premier in Venice in
lost. it was the first oi his
operas to indicate the range or
his ly'pic genius and also the
first in which he began torcetuiiy to reveal his dramatic
gifts.
 
Trustees Approve Changes .
Board Charges To Increase will
‘ James H. Stauss, protest
and dean of the college, was
elected secretary of the Board
of Trustees, at the board's call
meeting on campus over the
weekend Donald W. Lamhie,
college business manager, was
elected treasurer and assistant
secretary, Charles L. Kaulmanr
who retired as treasurer on
Sept. 1, l966, under the college's
retirement plan, will continue
as property manager, a post he
has held since 1948‘
New trustee chairman named
are: Mrs. Fred Maytag ii of
Newton, buildings and grounds;
Lawrence W. corner of Chi<
cage, educational policy; admin 5. Hewitt, Libertyville, 111.,
trustees; and Joseph F, Rosenileld, Des points, finance.
corner is director or the
Newberry Library in Chicago;
Hewitt is a partner in Hewitt
Associates, an actuarial company; and essentials is chair
man of the board of computers
Department Store,
In other actions at their Saturday~Sunday sessions, the trustees:
1. Approved u 310 increase
in the board charge for students for the second semester.
2. Approved publication of
an alumni directory and
authorized planning or u Grinnell College alumni magazine.
3. Considered long - range
building plans, improving lmr
message preliminary planning
for construction or a new
physical education and recreation complex, and for both I
central dining facility and 1
women’s residence hall.
By SUZANNE GELBER
An AWS Board-CofHP proposal elimination women's hours
passed the Student Senate Wednesday night. The Faculty Commit-
tee on Student affairs, to re
drive the resolution Tuesday,
will have 30 days In which to
recommend and refer it to
President suggest, who will
present the measure to the
trustees.
The following remarks prepared the hours‘ elimination proposal;
”Reassessment oi the student role in the college community has resulted in a real<
million or basic philosophic ins
consistencies regarding expectations of students and a further replication oi the need
to overcome these inconsistencies by changes in the
rules governing student conduct. . .
“Emphasis in discussion has been placed on the
individual, his needs and his
potentialities and the importance or submitting him to
express and develop them. Al<
losing students to exercise
freedom or choice and personal judgment becomes is necessary, calculated risk, dependent upon trust and conﬁdance
in the student, and the understanding and cooperation oi
the other members of the col<
legs community. . .
“The demands for uncriticoi acceptance oi general
standards investigated by n
right social system are lacunslstent with the critical anal-
ysis detailed in academic
areas or the community.”
Both the AWS Board and the
soil-lP passed resolutions asking that the change in hours be
institutes at the beginning of
second semester. Although the
Faculty Committee on Student
Affairs has met with the AWS
Board and the CofHP, and the
trustees are aware that the proposal is under consideration,
President suggest has not yet
been involved in discussions of
the measure.
The principle recommendations of the Student Senate pro
posts read as follows:
“In line with the elimination of Women’s hours, the
following suggestions regarding closing hours for the Quad
are proposed:
The logged will be locked at
midnight during the week and
It 1:00 AM. on Friday and
Saturday nights. Women leaving or returning after conditioning hours will do so at
Maln door. Men must be out
oi the logged by closing hours,
and are not permitted in women’s residence calls after 10:30
during the week and 1:01] A.M.
on Friday on it Saturday
nights.” ,
Freshmen women will be
subject to logged closing hours,
SENATE—
(Continued on Page a)
 
Heating Plant Underway . . .
Students Memo vendors.
balance Vendor Horn and
Henry Wilhelm survey construction oi the new heating
plant east of the Science
Building.
The poverty Construction
Co. of Der Mother has been
awarded a contract for
building ih. facility.
Ground breaking prepare
Hans began Nov. II for the
building which is expected
to be in operation before
the winter ends.
sellers for its new plant
will arrive in Grinnell about
Dec. IS. and work on looking: for the complete structure will begin immediately.
The borders will be laid in
place and the building constructed around them,
Construction at the heat.
ing plant is the first phase
in a program which will
eventually eliminate the old
heating plant-service building which has occupied a
position on the central campus wins. lqio. A new service building is being planned
for a location on an outer
edge at the campus.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Two
refused Asks fast Support
The Sudan, the largest country in Africa (one million
square miles), became independent in January, 1956, as a
result or a unilateral declaration of independence, which was
quickly recognized by the two codomini, britain and Egypt,
each for its own reasons. History has accidentally and additionally out the Northern and Southern Sudan into one country
—- the Sudan. The result Ill this is now one of the broadcast
Ind most delicious civil wars in the world.
The outside world knows very little about what is going
on in the Southern Sudan, because, for obvious reasons, the
Khartoum government does not allow foreigners to travel
freely in the Southern Sudan. Nevertheless, a persian from
the Daily Mail whose cycle appeared in the Washington
Post (Feb. 20, 1966) managed to go to the Southern Sudan —
generally, oi course. He observed:
“For mile alter mile in this wordpress, the check ot
civilization meets the eye: the turned-out skills of Mrlcan
villages out to the touch by Arab troops oi the Sudunese army.
Where now then worked Ind children played and cattle
grades there Is now no sound except the coaching or nations
and the wind matching the danger suites oi there trees. . . .
The people or the Southern Sudan are dying in thousands For
some death Wines via the Arab bullet, as happened in the
tub: Massacre (July less) when either 400 (government
sources) or not) people (refused sources) were killed in one
bloody night."
The result of this mankilling has been a collapse of
trade, administration, and agriculture. Communications have
been destroyed, and the lat commercial enterprise of any
significance, that was run by a subsidiary 01 British American Tobacco, has been abandoned, leaving behind a crop
worth about 8 million (U.S.) dollars. A state of emergency has
been in force since I was in grade school.
From such n wild state of calls, refugees (l url one 0!
them) have feed into nelghborhg countries: Kenya, Uganda,
Ethiopia, The Central African Republic, the condos, and
Chad. There are estimates that over I million Southern japanese have either feed the country or died. Some or these
refugees m in camps under journal UtN. inspection, but the
majority of them are claimed, sometimes do to a but, in
border villages. Others are students pages to learn with no
body to support them potentially. My present interest lies in
these young men. Some of my friends in Tracy, Minnesota
and San Francisco are now sponsoring eight at these rehrgee
student in African high schools. It costs between 100 and 2M
U.S. dollars to execute a student for one year in high school:
Some of these students will be quiltﬁed for U.S. college
studies by next month, and I hope to be able to find enough
funds from sympathetic sources to bring them over to study
in the U.S. The printer’l College Student Senate has already
endorsed a proposal to have a fast on campus. The money
will go toward this cause.
if you would like to help, please send your contribution,
which will be deeply appreciated and deadly received, to
Dean Richard H. centers, Grinnell College, Grinnell, town
50112. i will deadly answer any questions to the best ot my
present knowledge of the situation in Southern Sudan.
—John (38ng de Mabior, Box 667, Grinnell College,
Grinnell, Iowa 50112‘
Dunn Tells D.M. clubs'l
Needs. Accomplishments
By DAVID DlLLON
The most urgent response to the poverty of Des points' Southeast doctors is to communicate to the residents that they are human beings, according to Jim
Dunn, director or the Southeast
Side Project which has added
the citizens in forming a com-
parks and pool calls. Their parents have been reduced by the
same treasures in the Mk-
munich organization. Once they
have been led to recover the
sense of worth the power structure has denied them, they will
press for improvements in
streets, traffic control, housing.
and plumbing as a natural con—
sequence.
Dunn led a meeting in the
Forum and a later dinner discussion with interested students
Tuesday evening. He said that
his experience in community
organization of Chicago’s West
Side had revealed to him the
extent 0! selection sustained by
youth in poverty areas. Racial
discrimination shoppers this
despite, leading the youth to
term a society of its own in the
ways at subservience, verbalizing institutes to the white employers and handhelds on whom
their consistency depends.
The living conditions on the
Southeast doctors were purchased as until on human occupation, mighty per cent or
the homes are distributed; an
equal proportion have outdoor
topless. in one area, forty to
kitty families obtain water train
a large though, to which the
City only recently saved an access route. A woman householder is becoming ill because
her outdoor toilet is too close to
the well. Several fatal accidents
DUNN—
(continued on Page 3)
SCARLET AND BLACK
PM
Friday. November )8, I?“
Valid congratulations
When is this school going to
get out oi the neural ages? It is
time the administration ended
the existence of the Grinnell {let
and gave the vessels some responsibility lot their own actions. it is a truly neural or turtle, cry and certainly respective,
but it is one which bears reporting.
This college is not living up
to its ideals as a liberal arts
college. These ideals should include e willingness to change,
to evolve, with respect to the
forms which exist and pass
away every moment. But what
do we have? We have a group
of men cast in a mold of Victorian consciousness who take
upon themselves the responsibili»
ty ot determining what the ab
volume trucks of college life are.
it does make life rather easy,
though. We don't have to worry
about what we’re going to do
after midnight. it is all decided
for us. We go home and say
“hi” to our friends, study diligently, and go to bed at decent
hours. And, of course, we will
all leave here as decent, installing, well-tested, and uninteresting members of our eventual and respective communities.
We will build a bigger and
better America, Think of its
Fields of golden wheat and
stouthearted men . . . If I
stand in the middle of a ﬁend of
golden wheat as a stouthearted
man, I will because I choose to
do it, not because i was ﬁlmed
into it by exterior circumstances and standards. Learning and education are not the
nursing or taste into minds but
the mind's conscious and tree
choice to look at these facts.
judge them, and act upon that
judgment with the full response—
bility (of the consequences of
that action.
The christopher John newly
said, . . progress is not in
the successful of studies but in
the development oi new attitudes towards, and new interests in, experience,“ I keep
asking myself, “Why, at this
college do I have to ﬁnd myself sharing those utlsllakable
bars in the courtyards of the
Quad after hours in a deep
need to be close to a person?
Why can't we be allowed to
experience? Give us the key to
that intense quantity belt surrounding this campus. Don’t
try to turn us into Puritans:
they would rather go to Hell
than experience lite.
 
Speaks at SDX Convention
Gallup Calls Vlel Nam Leading Election factor
By HENRY WlLHELM
Dr. George Gallup, speaking
at the Sigma Delta Chi National
Journalism Convention, said a
"protest role" over diet Nam
was the most important underlying factor in the nationwide
shift to the Republican Party in
the recent election.
Gallup, Director of The american Institute of Public Opinion,
and well known for his “Gallup
Polls”, said this vote was not
an expression or disapproval of
the administration's handling of
the war; rather, it was a symptum of the desire. on the part of
the average American, that
some new leadership can be
found which will be able (O associate an renewable withdrawal from diet Nam. Gallup
claimed that this “diet Nam
protest vote" was a much more
important factor than “whitebacklash" in most facilities. He
said, however, that “whitebacklash” was a signsﬁcant law—
for in some cities such as Chicago and in some of the sources states.
Former Editor
Dr, Gallup, who attended The
University of iowa and was editor of the campus paper. made
a sleeping attack on the American political system and on
politicians in general. While not
referring to any statistics, Gallup said, “The public is ted up
with the way we conduct campaigns in this country; they are
fed up with the length ol campaigns, the amount of money
spent. the nameacaliing, and
the available of serious discussion of issues." Gallup suggested that a limit be put on
the amount of money a candidate can spend, pointing out
that Rockerieller spent nearly
5 million dollars of his personal
funds in the New York election.
district of Politics
rating the current “flexibility.
gap," Gallup commented, “our
polls ﬁnd a great deal 01 disc
trust about people in political
life.” He noted that in Eng.
land, where the amount of
money that a candidate can
spend and the length of a cam-
DR. GEORGE GALLUP. Director of the American In-
statute of Public Opinion. speaks to persian at the
Sigma Delta Chi convention in Pittsburgh Nov. II.
paint is regulated, people generally have a great deal more
earth in politics. In a sleeping
statement Gallup said, “American politicians will never, ever
write an issue on a ballot that
makes any sense. They are always up to their old tricks.
Take the case of the New York
Civilian Review Board: it was
worked in such a way that the
"No” meant “Yes” and the
“Yes” mean! “No". it took a
concerned campaign by the
newspaper's to strengthen this
out."
Faith in Public
Gallup said that in his 31 years
at rolling tile American public
has made him an “evangelist
of democracy.” He went on to
say “The Public’s opinion is
generally extraordinarily sound
and is generally ahead or
elected leaders in bemg pre-
charles and Blue
based to make changes in the
political system." lie said the
public is not influenced to any
great extent by billboards, spot
television ads, public hands
sharing, and kissing babies.
Again not giving any statistics,
Gallup said, “we have evidence,
tons of evidence, that bumper
stickers do not generally have
any inﬂhence on the voting pub<
llc." He said that people want
to hear what a politician has to
say on specific issues and “all
of these ancient promotion ritu815, such as the national conventions, are a lot a! nonsense
Gallup called for an open primary to replace the convention
system pointing out that had
there been on open primary in
the 1964 presidential election.
GALLUP—
(Continued on Page 5)
common. centre;
Grinnell, town
A weekly newspaper published Friday or the college year by Grin»
new committee on Student Publications, Rcvtcsentcd for national advertising by Natlallzll Advertising service. inc,, College Publisher: years
sensitive, is E451 50th Strrer, New York, 22, N.Y. Second class postage
paid or Griuuell, large. Subscription rate 35,00 per school year. iron Dﬂld
subscriptions.
EDITOR .
nusmnss
untold canon
Susan jul
 
I' dry. November in. not
SCARLET AND ILACK
Page Thu.
 
Letters . . .
Anonymous Fear
To the Editor!
Alter computing an entire
opening of prime study time in
discussing the recently proposed
Women’s hours changes, 1 find
K cannon let go of the subject,
dnil so must put in a few last
words to the 5&5. Unless I
come from the most conservative floor on North Campus
(which admittedly may be
true) the opinions expressed
here tonight would tend to Indicate that the men of Grinnell
are more concerned about their
well~being (dramatically, annually, or otherwise) than are the
Women. We don't want you, the
zvomen of South Campus, {0 be
times loose upon us! The
limitations are too great. You
right to feel it a complement
to your console ways, if nothing else, that we feel there is
a need for some form of wo—
men's hourly. This may be I
form of graduated restrictions
ending to no regulations for
union women, or some such
thing, but that is beside the
point.
The point is that some of
III are invisible of handling unlimited freedom. Human nature
simply does not corporate, This
yes not necessarily reply the
angels oi deficit moral behavior.
although these rangers surely
exist. If only because we may
be too related to pricing the
leasantries of an evening when
here is need for rest or study,
please protect us. while there
are those among us who may
lack the necessary majority to
recent some actions or be-
prior which we may later red
get, we do feel that we can
aturely accept women’s hours
as a needed regulation
As one of several — I would
hope many — let me urge you
women to appreciate the fact
that somebody sees fit, in a
society such as Gi‘innell. to
block you up at night" for the
benefit of us all“ Wouldn't it
seem more responsible, from
both student and administration
points of View, to offer a solution which automatically meet!
human needs? Nobody should
have to mature overnight. There
will remain identifies in any
system, but listening restrictions gradually as the individual (hopefully) matches in college would seem most intelligent. To segment this system.
a means which‘special permit
sign may be obtained to (occasionally) stay out beyond hours
would be considered.
should women be completely
anticipated, however, t 2 social pressure: may prove inc
Omrlblo for students with illdetined social and moral standards. The college has no obligation to water to the demands
1 student: who seek an environment when they can price‘ce their brand of freedom
without bag-rss lo the need or
students who are not prepared
for such I step.
Verstehen sie idclit'l
_nnonyorour Male
am am mil; pmunni (or
immediate overseas assignment.
Varied skills IIBMBII. long hours.
Lou pay. Contact: black moral,
Washington. 0.0.. 20525.
ILousEs . SKIRTS
IWEAIEM - DRESSES
9
‘RINNELL NEWTON
} Dunn
(Continued from Page 1)
have occurred at a busy inter<
section where the City has so
far refused to place a slopligbtl
Despite these conditions, the
people have not completely lost
hope. A 9cycarcld woman re—
seats to Dunn each time she
sees him that she plans to move
away lifetime. A resident who
called Dunn a “fool” two years
ago for attempting organized address now says, “I think we’ro
going to make It." What are the
causes {or this renewal of
spirit? Repeated attempts at
group protest seem to have
brought fourth a rekindled
awareness or personal density.
A delegation controlled a greatly chagnncd traffic engineer
with a demand for a spotlight;
it this is not met, the generates
told the official they would go
into the street as human beings
and half traffic until the light
was installed.
In another demonstration of
neighborhood seltcxpression, a
group from the Southeast side
attended a City Council meeting which was considering pro<
totals for the construction or
mostly apartments in the area.
The neighborhood group pre
seemed an alternative plan, approved by an architectural consultant, for badly needed low.
cost housing in the facility.
Dunn believed that the attitude or the municipal authorities is well illustrated by a conversation b e t w e e n Mayor
George whether and the Rev.
Frank grill, a supported oi the
Southeast Side Project. The
minister was told: “I think you
should get your rabbit-routers
the hell out of here!"
Although Dunn is an advu<
date oi non - violent social
change, he fears that continued
reflect could bring severe roots
in this area of Des games; the
sight of the golden Capitol dome
from all parts or the region
symbolizes the arbitration or
} Senate
(Continued from page 1)
under the conditions oi the pro
postal. They will be required
to enter the logged by nursing
hours; freshmen women m
timing anti- hours will face
court action. However, fresh.
man hours are not to extend
beyond the end or first games<
her and may be designated
by the Aws Board in consultation with the Dean of comm.
The Student Senate proposal
also recommended the introduction or a regular program or
discussion, to be held in El
residence calls, to “introduce
ircshmen to upperclassmen,
faculty, and state, and allow
them the opportunity to raise
questions and express opinions
regarding campus life."
Still another topic of discussion ln the proposal was the
consideration of open house
regulations. nhs Board press—
sent cal‘en LauLerbach stated
“with a change in hours,
there must be serious consider-
huge Law Effect
Is 5 undertake
There Is a “high probability" that the new federal
minimum wage law will or.
iect college employees, both
student and consistent, ace
working to Dead or the College James Sinuss.
Stauss said no federal directions have been received
by the college. The new wage
law takes effect February 1,
1967, and Stauss Said directions should be positioning
shortly if Grinnell Is to be
affected,
The new wage law calls
for a $1.25 minimum wage
for all covered employees
with periodic raises to an
eventual minimum of $1.00.
 
 
poverty in an affluent society.
union oi open house regulations "
This phase at the proposal is
presently in the form or Buggek
tions, which will be fully forms»
later when the hours policy
has been determined
The following topics were com
signed to further considerations
permanent staff members mentioned at Main door after clos<
log hours:
changed in library and forum
hours;
provision oi additional places
{or cold study;
lounge hours in the hallsi
effects on admissions;
need for improved counseling
small:
protection on campus.
with recent! to these suites-
umtbeSenAtom ,“. .
those problems do not appear
inseparable, nor does it seem
necessary that they all be solved
before a change in comm'l
hours Is indicated."
Ediiorship Open
Applications are being no»
copied for the sail Editorship. The new term will run
1mm second semester turn
first semester, m1. Applied
[10115, which should include 1
statement or purpose and
suggestions (or changes In
the 55.8, are to be sent to
H. v. cleaner, English. Ap—
operations are due Tuesday,
November 22.
 
 
For All Your
SMOKING
SUPPLIES
muscle Down To The
ARSITY
'17 Blood
1. Um.. .uh . . .now that we know
each other it little. 1 ms wondering if, uh, you think rm the
type of guy you could go (or?
I mid go for a
real iwingu.
a. iknow some during chess
openings
I want a man who's
making it happen.
5.]spend allow oi time in
this library.
My month is fun today
and fun tomorrwwr
2. l have an exciting pipe
collection,
1 want to be when
the action is,
4 1 road all about it in The
New York Times.
1 want to do 'in' things
with ‘ln' people
in ‘in' places,
mm
d. Then I guess you worlds't be
interested in someone like me
who has handed a good- aymg
oh that will let his inmi
eva well and who, in ad iﬂon,
has taken out a substantial
Living Insurance lucy from
available that wiiiouovide
handsomely for his family if,
heaven forced, anything should
happen to him.
How's about showing
me that pipe
collection, printer?
For information about Living insurance, see The Man from E simple.
For career opportunities at available, see your Placement 0 root, or
write. Patrick scotland, Manpower development Division.
The [Qummul Life Assurance Society of the United States
Hotn- 00km ”55 eva. oi the Amcxlcu, New York. NY, “will OE‘enable 1986
An Equal opponents Employer, iii/ii
 
 
Page Four -
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November ll. I9“
Gates lectures Relates Religion um! Science
By MARTHA BERKEY
The Rev. urban McMullin,
head of the department of phil«
osophy at the University of
Notre Dame, delivered the fiftySecond annual Gates Lectures
Novi 13-15 in a presentation
which cut broader across curriculum lines, and seemed to appeal to the Grinnell pride in the
true liberal arts tradition. Subjects ranging iron-i the history
of philosophy to the genetic basis of life, from mathematics to
the United Nations, and from
the Dead Sea schools to the big
bang theory of the origin oi the
universe, were combined with
subtle amounts of Roman Catholic theology under the general
theme of “Some Historical Aspects oi the Relation oi Science
and Religion.”
in his opening iectum, “Christianity and the Origin of Natural
Science." Father McMullin emphasized the historical develop
ment of the functioning thought
process. From th e ancient
Greek idea of “mind" Came the
turn to the theoretical which introduced a belief in the power
of man's minds Man. through
use of his mind, could understand things about his world.
This searching attitude, an important part of the Judaeo—
Christian tradition, had an im‘
ponunt influence on the development of the scientific method.
Concept of Man
He also explorer the historical context of a related concept
of man. “The idea of man l‘coming himself has always been in
Christianity. Now it is being
emphasized by existentialism,"
This theme of the functioning,
Searching, rational mind led
Father MCMullin to his conclu-
sign. “It was no accident that
science developed in the Christian West and even today finds
only an uneasy home in the
East.”
Father McMullin's second ad»
dress focused on the class of
the scientific and religious
world views. Men rendered the
question of where man fitted
into the natural order. Was man
a spirit and therefore disorder
from nature; or was man a part
or nature? The attempt to look
at things effectively directed
man's thinking in the 16th, 17th,
and 18th centuries. This movement led man away from the
religious view and the authority
of the new science grew.
‘The Christian religious faith
has tender upon the notion of
a revelation. The triumph of
biological and technological
science has opened up a full,"
explained Father McMullin,
Faith and Reason
The final lecture examined
the topic of “The Contribution
of Science to Theology: A Look
to the Future.” He showed how
science has changed our picture
of ourselves and our universe.
”Christian theology today ones
a great deal to efforts ot SCientists oi all kinds.” He presented
technology as "simply an extension of ourselves. We can destroy it or ennoble it. The limitations now are those in man
.— his will to use the powers he
has, and to use them for the
good."
scientific interests and religious beliefs are both striking toWard the same relationships:
man with the universe, and man
with God “We can’t cut apart
those two domains of man’s in.
forest, faith and reason, because man is a part or God. All
the fields oi science, theology,
and philosophy come to a point
in man for they all have something to say to him,
water Speaks
at Seattle
Charles F. water, psychology,
will speak on the topic “The ,
Driver” at a seminar on “The
Driver, the Automobile, and
the Law" at the University of
Washington (Seattle) tomorrow.
 
m
NDARD
 
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIJSE
"the low"
restaurant -cocktail lounge
seed ks
Next to the theater ,
 
_‘ Are Country, tel
l.oy Krathong
By LIVIA DENAVS
Thul Festival of Lights .
The evening of the hill moon in November
Is set aside for the presentation ol the guardian spirits of the rivers, bonds, and materials. As darkness falls and the moon comes
. up, the chris follow the ancient Brahmanic
custom of setting afloat (low) little river rates
or boats (krathong) bearing lighter candles.
intense sticks, and other gifts as thank-offerings and as a feature of consultation to ensure protection during the following year for
All those who baths in the water or travel on
it. boy Krathong is one of the most popular
or on Thai customs, enjoyed yearly by young
and old alike,
The candle on the pink paper float flickered as
if to go out A small brown hand shoulder it from
the wind, and as the flame began to glow,
placed the host on ﬁle dark sluggish water. With
a joyful brandon, the ﬂare turned brighton and
brighton, ready to console itself and the float.
The intense called towards in tight ringleLs,
then, started by the freeze, designated in the
spotlight like lists of angel hair. The light will
captured and reﬂenter in the small copper coin
which had been placed on the float as an offering to the spirits. Next to it, paper flowers of
mainly posted pink, create white, and pale yellow
lay sprinkled with country concern and pearllike trains of rice. Laden with these offering!
and the burden of a small boys' wins, the float
slowly began to move — first to the left, then to
the right, past the needs and glasses trying to
ensnare it, then past the enabled root, dark and
limited in the spotlight, until finally, tree from
recordings, it began to spin, this way and that,
faster and faster, further and further from the
shore, until finally, it became lost among the
thousands of other lights — a new star in the
waters billy Way.
Suchat, still standing knee-deep in water, his
young legs firmly placed against the current,
obtained his eyes to keep the tiny pinpoint of
light in View Then, with a brown, he gave up.
He scampered up the buddy bank, wanted through
h group or lighting school-girls, and nearly
blocked me down in his enthusiasm to join his
brother and sisters in the further pursuit oi
santa or fun.
My float had been launched successfully an
hour ago, with all due and proper ceremony, and
i had watched it disappear under the gaming
iron jan of the Old Bridge. 1, too, was willing
to pursue santa a little partners (And, in Thai—
land, sanulr and eating are almost synonymous.)
As the fragrance of spice Thai food wanted
through the air, Jungiut, the science teacher, his
friend, and I made our way across the created
street to the campus of the para branch school.
The grounds of the school, normally created
With children at access or quiet and busty on
weekends, had been transliormed through the
wild fantasy of color, sounds, and skills into a
carnival kaleidoscope, The open-air restaurant occupied the prominent central position on campus.
Low tables and chairs squatted on the dirt
“floor'ﬁ para students in their colorado red and
white performs husband back and forth with salary dishes of speaking rice, carry, tried modules,
and various meat dishes, as well as “foreign"
foods such as hot dogs, sterling packages. vanilla .
and chocolate ice cream, and the ever-popular ‘
joke, 7-Up, and Bairley's orange juice.
Christmas tree lights closed in the dark tree-
tend illustrated the months and entrance with
their powerful Colors of red. green. blue, and
yellow. Here and there. young students passed .
through the holiday clouds setting 33ny colored
millions for a new ratings apiece. Ping long
calls classes in steady rhythm across white news,
The sound of popular music—"Tennessee malta", ,
“Sound of Music”, “Hang on sleeps", the
Beatles — placed through the loudspeakers, only
to be pleased occasionally by the still longer
servers and daughter ot kids having a good time.
@
three’lawrence college spring} Schools In: it w w
Girls Really Spoiled?
Yes —
Who stopped them?
We Did
POYNTER'S
Ml A“. Fashion:
 
FRANCE
From June 16 to July all in runs at 4 run de Chevreuse. Two
com late programs in an llistoly. literature and Dhllowvhy
ocean France and Classical l7tl| Century France will be
entered along with an intensive longitude program. Advanced
literature will be tax ht in trend : other cl-uses will he
taught in English. or N TO UNDERGRADUATE WOMEN.
full. not. tuition and he- exclusion ,. $700
From June 16 to July 27 in Florence It force do hellosguiu.
do. 16th Century Villa. Centered on the tuition Renaissance.
courses in art history, literature, music, Florence from
name to the Medici, and humanity and philosophy will he
tax hr in En list, All levels or italian language are offered.
01> N To U DERGRADUATE WOMEN. 7"
a, $
loud, room, tuition and two extensions ..
ENGLAND From June so tOvAugust ii in London at College Hall. asset
Street in Bloomsbury. late Ind lsrh Century refresh literature. art history, iltealre and society will be‘taught. OPEN
To UNDERGRADUATE MEN AND WOMEN
here. room. tuition and the exclusion . ., S700
Classes in all schools are taught by Sarah Lawrence faculty and otherlnclude lectures by distinguished writers. :ullsrs and political lenders.
A two-week tour of Greece and the Greek islands will take place arraithe Florence and Paris summer sessions. A sum Lawrence quality
member accompanied the group, and the itinerary includes the most important historical and psychological runs.
Sulalt Lnrvrencc College also accepts students entering their iiinlor year
brown other colleges for its motion YEAR ABROAD program in Paris;
Geneva and Rollie instruction is given in the language or the country.
therefore, a knowledge or French or italian is required.
for Inlorntlllon and
applications write:
Foreign Studios. Sarah Lawrence College
Ironxvillt. New Your Io7oa
 
The above piece will be
continued in next week’s 5&3.
Miss Denavs, Grimell, '65,
spent last year teaching in
thailand on the Grinnell Fifth
Year Abroad Program.
Shah-pure. Vlllllaln,
I'selling oi the three.
better-l tdq
Shslrolpur- chapter. y. 4)
it anyone lines the when.
about. or thin library boulder. return ll and contact:
c. charity- sun—In. In
 
Friday. november ID. I?“
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
on Dnhi‘
As minoré ,
wt to viewed m
an usﬁsn‘da’iéguﬁmd
I taxiﬁ'sﬁiii as Msrvzh
F‘NECE K two’kill 2"-
. ea ease-its of as
Um no um oi:
sets shot, as
EEMAN
 
 
 
”at . n
my“ mil ,
a . o... e
y‘ m ammvﬁw‘
Name Class Committee
A special committee or seniors was appointed by SGAPresident Steve Kent this weeks
to coordinate activities of the
Class of 1967.
Heading the new Senior Class
Committee as chairman is Jon
those. Other members in.
oluile Chip Kinsey, body our-
, _ debt, wiki reading and Steve
‘ ' ' - Eberhardt.
" Committee members will attempt to poll the senior class as
to its reactions to the changes
seen during tour years at Grin.
well life It will also strike m
units the class in rss u! later
financial response city to the
college.
The primary purpose of the
committee, a c for king to
Shows. is “to give seniors a
determining voice In planning
 
plate Idaho Governor's Visit
Robert E. Smylie, a native
woman who has been Republican
governor of Idaho since 1955,
will visit Grinnell Friday and
Saturday, Nov. 25 and 26, under
the sponsorship of the college's
pmgram in Practical Political
Education,
The senior US. governor in
term of service, he will headline his Grinnell Visit by featuring on “The Role of the States,
in the New federation” at 8
pm. Friday in the South Lounge
of the College Forum. The lecture is open to the public, as
is a reception which will [01low.
nov. Smylie will be a politician~in-residence while at Grinnell, with the emphasis on inter- .
mat, in depth contact with students, In addition to delivering
the lecture. he will attend two
political science classes: have
lunch. dinner, and breakfast with
student groups; participate in
two coffee hour discussions; and
center with the Poweshiek County Republican Central Committee.
’ “The theme of nov. Smylie’s
visit, ‘The Role of the States in
the New federation,’ is most
timely in light of the apparent
votes selection at an activity national administration It last
Patronize Our
Advertisers
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Anon train the Post open
GRINNELL. IOWA
 
week's general election," said
C. admin Gilmour, associate
professor of political science and
director of the Program in Prac-
and a member at the Advisory
Commission on Intergoverm
mental Relations
Elected to a four-year term
as governor in 1954, Smylie took
oiiiee the next year and was
re-elected to a second term in
1958 and to an unprecedented
local Political Education, “No
one is better qualified tﬂ spears
third term in 1962.
@
graduation. We want to select
graduation speakers and cam
updates for contrary degrees."
9—? 7
Just Arrived!
DuBARRY
wallace samples
LOST An Appreciation
A Library or other. book. It
you know it. what-about: of
this book. plea r-turn ii to
it. library ibm-d say. or all
Mr. Ry... .t sin.
 
about this persistent question in
American politics — the relationship between the federal
government and the states.”
One at the original members
of the Federal-State Relations
Committee established by President weight D. Eisenhower,
nov, Smylie once served as cochairman with then Treasury
Secretary Robert Anderson.
He is Chairman or the Federal:
State Relations Committee of the
National investors' Association
Bloom Dust-on
Always
the latest
at
HANSEN’S
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
THARP
Pharmacy
Fast-talking your parents
is the hard. way
to get to Britain.
Fact-talk instead.
Tell them exactly what your trip will cost. Our free book-A
lets help you calculate it.
One lists prices of organized student tours. They start‘
around $650, If you want to travel on your own and take
patrick on meeting people—which may be the most fun,
of all—add things up for yourself.
Start with a charter ﬂight if your school has one. Or see"
our booking on group ﬂights, student ships, and the bargain airline.
Add low costs for getting around Britain Our bookings
tell you about 3¢-per»mile buses and the rail-and»boat
pass that takes you tip to 1,000 miles for $80. Consider
hiking not). portsmouth did.
multiple the number of your nights in Britain by cost
of bed and breakfast or a room in a college residence ball,
If you're hiking or bikini, count on about 70¢ for youth
hostels, At this rate you may be able to stay all summer.
Allow about $1 a meal in London, less in the country.
The bookings say which restaurants and pubs are popular
with condition British students.
And the bookings mention the automatically low cost of
'concerts and plays in Britain. You can sit in “the gods"—
galleries up near Heaven—for 75¢. A lot of outdoor entertainment, like concerts and folk-singing, is free.
Clip the coupon Add everything up And tell your
‘parents you can spend this summer in Britain for about
what it costs to hang around the house.
r _________ __...._____
British Travel
Box 923, New York, NY. 10019
Name
W
College
Address
City
 
Page will
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
} Gallup
(Continued mm Page 2)
William Scranton, not Barry
ﬂaidwater, would have run
against Kennedy.
Gallup deferred polls against
~much of their current criticism,
but acknowledged that many
olitlcians are visiting posts to
{hair own political advantage.
lie said “some at the supposed
ipolis' you hear about are not
really polls at all; they are
‘use inaccurate samples taken
y politicians' campaign managers." Gallup suggested that
the only way to control this
fraudulent use of polls Is for
newspapers to print the name
of the rolling organization along
with any reference to a poll.
Referring to polls of his, and
othe r “responsible organizations" Gallup said that polls
can be a great asset to the
democratic process “A modern
poll can conduct a national election at any time and it can conduct is national references on
any issue at any time. Poll
ﬁthings can help government
leaders to make better decisions.” Gallup said that good
polls are Ii much better Indication of public opinion to a politiclan than is “any amount at
advice by campaign managers,
wardheeiers, and political henchmen.
Gallup said he does not
think that there is an excess
or polls being taken currently.
He said his organization
has studies that indicate the
general public is little lnfiu<
ended by reading the results or
dollar Gallup commented that
the “band-wagon effect” had
little basis in fact He concluded by saying that white
 
SPECIAL
College Nylon note Bags
with Drawstring
Beautiful Red and Elacli
Parachute Cloth Bags
Wltli Grinnell College unsigned
Suitable for Storage. Laundry, or Gym Clothes
sun regular SPECICA Prices] .25
See your college agent at both North and South
Campus cleaning Agencies or our downtown office.
seeker Laundry & Cleaners
IOIVVI proud St.
Grinnell. Iowa
DISCOUNT CENTER
RIGHT GUARD
DEODORANT
SLOO leue 53¢
PEPSODENT
ToothpastPainlly Stu
EXDEDRIN
PACQII
Extra Dry Hand motion
43¢
60's
95c main. 63¢ 98: Vdut 58¢
GIBSON FILLER PAPER
300 Count
44"
KAMA
Knit Gloves for Men and Women
77¢ ...
Jet spread use oi polls by political
organizations and newspapers
would shed a great deal at light
on the discrepancy between the
“will oi the people“ and what
is actually done by politicians
and governmental bodies.
WV! HRS!
 
Friday. november ll. I966
Schae‘tier Gallery Features
Maximilian-former Exhibit
Selected works {mm the Maximilian - former collection, one
of the most authentic victorian
records ever made of the Western plains and its Indian Inhabitants, will he on exhibition in
Scheaifer Gallery Nov. 1148,
The collection is named after
Prince Alexander Philip Maximilian, a German naturalist
and scientist, and Karl former.
a Swissrbum artist. They your<
never with but readers up the
missouri River from St. Louis,
M0,, to Great Falls, Mann, in
1833-34,
Prince Maximilian recorded
REHHQVI
QUALITV
MEN'S JACKETS AT SPECIAL PRICE
WOMEN'S JACKETS in man rncr
Prices Reduced thru cal. Only
50 Shop Fri. and Sat. for that
extra winter Jacket
his ﬁthings in writing, while
former switched and painted
the Indian culture and the hand<
scale in minute detail. After
his return, the prince published
a book, “Travels in the Interior
of North America," with illustrations based on former'l
field switches
In the 1840's, Prince MaximilIan placed all of his documents
{mm the trip, along with former’s 427 original paintings and
the reproductions, in the law'try
archives in Germany.
The 31 published prints from
“Travels in the Interim DI North
America” have been collectors‘
Items for more than a century,
and the rediscovery or the or
iginai switches and document:
was a major event (or students
of history oi the American
west.
“No other collection so accurately devices the Plains 1ndinns as they lived in the years
before they were influenced by
the invasion of White settings,"
says Robert W. McMillan (art),
director or scheduled Gallery,
The entire collection, including Prince Maximilian's gun,
knapshack, and powder touch,
was obtained by Northern Natu<
ray Gas Co. of Omaha, web.. in
1962 and assigned to the Joslyn
Art Museum in Omaha for
study and exhibit.
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
INS
13V: 0!. Sin
69‘
CHRISTMAS CARDS
$1.50 Value 47‘
52.00 VuluI 71¢
53.50 Value $1 21
5151
53.95 Value
816 5th Ave.
Crinnell. Iona
STORE
HOURS:
proof And Clean
HAIR DRESSING
47¢
PLANTERS MIXED NUTS
CH
9 cm. to 9 pan. friday
9 sun. to 3 pm. josh. I'm.
Wed.l album. Sat.
MICRIN
20 Ox. Econmy Sin
SI.” Value 77‘
CHOCOLATE COVERED
ERRIES
39¢ -
45 r.
LATEST HITS
pm. Records
79"
LARGE SIZE
BATH TOWELS
33¢ in...
 
Friday. November I3. I965
Class of '70
In Profile
The class or on shapes up
as another promising addition to the Grimell community according to figures
recently released by Director
0! Admissions Dale Terry.
Three hundred fifty-one students ﬁrally enrolled out of
a total or 1,045 applicants.
These 351 bidding young statistics can be classes as follows:
Rank in
Secondary-School Class
Upper quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter ..
Fourth quarter
Not ranked
CEEB Scholastic pt use
Test Scores
Above 700 16.4%
. 26.0%
559599 .. .16.4%
Below 50 . r 14.3%
No Scores 3% .
Secondary-School Activities
Men W‘mn
Class officer 23% 18%
Student council ,. 31% 31%
Athletics , 41% —
Publications . 60% 67%
Music 54% 72%
Art . 7% 13%
Drama 30% 50%
Speech 19% 19%
Debate 27% 16%
Financial assistance
to Entering Class
392 candidates applied for
msislanca
293 or these were accepted
for admission.
216 of these were offered
assistance.
in; (32% of the class)
113 (32% or the class) enrolled with financial aid from
Grinnell College. 29 enrolled
without aid, thought having
applied for it.
Type
of Assistance
Scholarships
Grants-in-aid
Loans
Ave.
Awards Val.
..... 95 3 939
. 16 $1294
. 81 s 51::
China Institute
All international panel of experts will explore "The Prolr
let or China" during iowa
State University’s first public Institute of World Affairs to be
held NW. 30 to Dec. 3.
The Institute, sponsored country by the Iowa State VIM-YWCA,
the university Lectures Committee, and the departments 0!
history, government. and philosophy, will employ documentary films, lectures, and dishes
signs in its program.
Step Up To
JD‘S RESTAURANIl
llnvaMd—qt 722% Main.
Grinnell
News Briefs
Thanksgiving Day
FORUM found
Open: :00 p.m.
Clo _ 12 midnight
Grill in Forum:
Open 5:00 p.m.
Close 11:30 p.m.
MEAL HOURS
dream-ibm Cowles and
Quad
8:30 turn. to 9 an
Served Dinner: 1:00 pm.
No cafeteria or evening
meals.
ICARLET AND ILACK
eastern to ACM Meet
George eastern (education
and philosophy). director at
teacher education at Grinnell,
will attend an Associated Colleges of the Midwest conference
on teacher education at Knox
College, Gnlesburg, in, today
and tomorrow Discussion Will
center on the use of video tapes
in the training or teachers.
Field Hockey Group
defects brake, 10-0
The Grinnell Girls Field Hockey interest group selected
brake, 1M), in a match held
here last Saturday. The interest
group, presently composed of
about 15 girls, is sponsored by
the WRA and is Open to any
Grinnell girl interested in play—
ing field hockey.
The team will meet persons
college at 1:30 o’clock water-
P-go hull
day notebook on the Grinnoll
girls’ hockey field.
Jones nudity Festival
Don Jones, music, served al
auditor of the iowa Farm bureau music festival in Des
points Novr 14.
The festival, which drew
Farm Bureau women’s churches
from throughout the state, was
held in conjunction with the organization's annual state convention.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEAR Kill
I'm a big football "or, and We found a girl who wit: me to aT. But
l‘ve been blocked out title play by a both ma[or. He knows math
from A n: P] R2 to E = M0. Now she says he's found the formula
for success with her. All he has to do is matter "journal R/T," and
list thrown for a loss. Believe me, this is no equilateral triangle
that I'm in. Outside of telling me lo bench myself, have you any
advice?
 
 
 
DEAR FALLEN STAR?
FALLEN "AR
Now's the lime to lounge. toronto R/T msn‘t his exclusive lOlmUlCl. your nearby Dodge Dealer has it,
look And it comes almost as easily as the cube root of
27p Then how can ills girl of your dreams resist two
supporters . . . you and your toronto R/T? From
there on out, your math motor will be the vlcilin of
diminishing returns, middle with your Dodge Dealer
now, and get your signals ”might
guruﬂl‘l ”29"
 
And why not? Look what you'll have going for you in your Dodge toronto R/T, convertible
or two»floor hampton. All standard, low. 440~cubloinch Magnum V8 engine, fuel expansys.
Heavy-july brakes and suspension. Highperlormonce Red stream blues. And exclusive R/T
triple and hood scoop design, full length paint stripes, and nomeplales, from, rear and sides.
80 gel with your Dodge Dealer, and your problem will solve itself.
was Division
CHRYSLER
motors DﬂRPuRAYIWI
u all'listing‘lllt"’il
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
printers package Seasonal single, 17-14
Second Victory
Nels rights Place
The Pioneer football team
made a great comeback last
weekend to beat Carleton but,
unfortunately. started their season comeback too late. The 1714 win over Carleton was their
second straight and shared the
Pioneers the entertainment or
a last-place finish, but still left
them tied for rights with sons
mouth with a 26 record.
The printers got on to a bad
start in the irigld weather at
Northiield as the girls bumper
10 a 144) lead. The first tin-la
they got the ball Carleton drove
into Pioneer territory but gave
up the ball on towns, The Pioneers then picked up a quick
first down but had to pants Then
the Carleton quarterback. practice Gray, posted a 73-yard scoring pass to and Mark Weshinsky.
Later after Dick sussex had
posted 66 yards to the Carleton
seniors Take Football Honors
Three seniors have carried away post season football honors.
Ken christine and Jon russell were named most valuable sitemap and back, respectively, with answers and Dick
Lamb being elected contains for 1967.
A two-year regular at tackle, christine was a standard
on the Pioneer defensive unit that limited opponents to an
average or 123 pushing yards per game this (all,
Also two-year regulars, russell and Lamb have both
gained more than 500 yards on the ground as Pioneers.
russell, a leo—founder who combines speed with power,
saw action at both feedback and halfback this fall, leading the
pushing attack with as yards in 101 carries, pulling down this
losses for is yards, returning three kickoifs for 45 yards, and
scoring two touchdowns.
Lamb, a 205-pound powerpoint at iullback who is also a
springer in track, was Grlnnell's top ground gained in loss,
checking 441 yards in 91 carries. He also led the team in
scoring with as points
But he injured a knee in the second game of this campaign and never remained porno. He finished with 130 yards
In 45 tries.
8, the girls started a drive for
their second score. A regard
ﬂ run by Gray, was the highlight
"run-r upon wnrcn [out wisdom
common non-a, and philosophic-i
d-consumption hm ,niwm agreed
ran-list the service of reality: man
on unusual—unequaun inieiuoenco,
in .blliiy, in clear, in moral staying.
So now w- pm to n ns min
of llnlﬂlrllnlsm. to tire
meeting or opportunity, inequality
1111! micro- irs rally wto-d, thin
tit-r is nothing‘ to be done our
to d iron in.
sun url that
at am steam"
M u in. copy or history-iii iii- ei NAa
rlDNAL REVIEW, wants ospt CP-l too I.
u u. N. V. I6, N. it.
or the match which put harley
ton ahead 14-01
On this day of several long
pants, the Pioneers got the ball
on their three alter a 57-yard
hunt with 214 minutes left in
the half. Then they started
probably their best drive 01 the
year, With Kent Thomson and
Rich Weeks passing, and Thomson, Weeks, Dick Lamb, .7011
russell, and Don Kraitsiit run<
king, the Pioneers reached the
Carleton 22 with one second
left. Then Weeks hit Bob Watt
With a touchdown pass. Tom
Lower then added a two~posing
conversion on a take kick play.
The Pioneers posted little
time in the third quarter
taking tale lead. With about 11
minutes let: in the third quarter
Bob Watt recovered a female
on the Carleton 191 Rich Weeks
ran for the touchdown on the
next play. John potential
picked the point and the PiD<
needs led 1514.
The Pioneers got their ﬁnfl
two points late in the game, A
Dick sussex hunt rolled dead
 
Having Laundry Problems?
See Swede's
Specialists in third Laundry
Swede's Laundry
815 Commercial
Or North Campus Cleaning Agency
 
Whom the moon hiNI
your eye like u hiqu
pine pie.
that's nirvana .
on wall . . . w. tried .nyiaw.
"”1""
nirvana’s Pizza
Free Delivery
236-5222
{don the Carleton 3. Two plays
later practice Gray was packard
in the end zone for a safety.
The first one came when the
girls drove to the Pioneer 12,
but Don Kraitsik picked 0“ a
pass and returned it to the 44yard line,
Season Statistics
A junior who saw action at
both quarterback and halfback.
Weeks SCC under for a
season’s for of 608 yards
total offense — 358 on the
ground and 252 through the air.
russell, a junior who coupled
as a halfback and feedback,
nested 383 yards to pace the run
king attack. After Weeks’ 356
came halfback Bob Watt, senior. 242; feedback Dick Lamb, a
junior, 133; and quarterback»
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 235-3919
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRlST
Across from Post Offic-
Closed rhun. PM.
and Sat. PM.
 
halfback Kent. Thomson, a junior, ill. .
Thompson also passed for 206
yards to rank second to Weeks
in that department.
The 248 yards Watt gained an
the ground located his career
total to 890 and updated him
among Grinnell's all-time lead»
are.
T0111 Hill, a senior end,
gained recognition as one of the
Pioneers top all-time pass receivers. He led the team with
18 exceptions for 166 yards this
year and finished his career
with 29 watches for Z72 yards.
Watt was second in pass re«
having, pulling down 11 for 103
yards. Mike Schwartz, a jun<
for end, picked up 126 yards on
six catalyst
The Pioneers outdowned their
eight does 95-94 and published
them 12817930, but came out on
the short end of the passing
statistics. While Grinnell was
managing only 564 yards on 53
collections in 131 attempts, opponents were completing B7 or
186 patches for 1,199 yards.
II t?“
charge, gray Named
Thin glad Co-explains
Junior charge has been named
most Valuable member of the
Grinnell cross country team {or
1966 and has been elected co<
captain for 1967 with Junior
Doug gray.
charge, who co-contained this
fall’s crew with Steve paintball,
was number one man on the
squad all season and placed
sixth in the Midwest conference
meet as the Pioneers took second in the team standings.
gray filled the number two
spot all fall and came In 15th
at the league meets
Selected as most valuable
member of the freshman team
was Glenn browsing. He was
Grinmll‘s top player in all dual
meets and placed north individually as the charles and Black
won the league treshman demographic meet.
Pationlxe Our Advertiser!
 
 
 
WEAR THE SHOES THAT
:
CONVERSE
All Star Basketball Shoes
“CANT BE BEAT ”.I
'ASSII
 
ADDRESS HEREi
eﬁanco 113011de
suoncIeE ouqnd
 
