Inaugural Events Will Honor President
suggest Address Will Concern Role
Of Individuals in College Community
Weekend Feature:
A hills Original
By JUDY SCOTT
BBtG has had to stretch its intensity for the Inaugural Weekend. At first it seemed a small
request: find a 400 foot canopy,
needed to run [mm the science
building to party for Sunday‘s
profession as protection against
possible rain.
According to Physical Plant Director Evan garden, there was no
canopy to be found ill Waterloo,
Des points, or anywhere else in
Iowa or its neighboring states.
After the stainless search, B&G
constructed one using wood supports and a polyethylene covering
Despite garden's iii-st content to
get a “candy - stripes, or some
such nancy one,” B&G's own creation ivas originally designated to
be painted black. Then black was
rejected as too ”inner'flash”;
white was the next possibility but
was also thrown out as being too
bear' g The ﬁnfl decision was a
precious, light olive green which
should blend in likely with the
general completion color of the
inaugural participants it the weather does turns tour. Then again,
since the canopy is one of the
biggest expenses for the weekend
it would almost be a shame if
it did not, at least, lighter springer.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DR. GLENN LEGGETT. who
is to be illustrated as the
rights president or Grinnell College at 2:30 on Sunday in
Derby symposium relating a weekend of events handling
him. seen in his eiiiciel portrait.
After leading Grinnell for sevenandra-half months, Dr. Glenn suggest will officially become the col<
legs’s rights president Sunday.
The ceremony, scheduled for2130
pm. in party Gym, is expected
to draw more than 2,000 persons,
including all but one of the treatments ill the Mitlwest Conference
and representatives from 150 other
colleges and universities.
in his inaugural address, “The
importance ol Being largest,"
suggest will explore the meaning
or the term community as it applies to the residential college. He
will put emphasis on the preservation of individual identity while
increasing and improving methods
of communication between educators and students.
This communication will retail
the continuing involvement or the
faculty in the total community
suggest observed that the students
have become separated from the
community, and that while this
has served its own purpose, it is
now time for a new understanding hetweeli the students and educators.
ln suggest’s view, Grinnell is “a
college that takes the risk or doing only one thing and doing it
well.” This thing is an undergraduate, liberal arts education
He has set himself the task this
year oi understanding the Hunt
 
success of the college" and team<
ing “the right questions to aslc"
The inaugural ceremony will be
provided by an academic profession of 375 persons ranging from
members oi the Grinnell Board of
Trustees to representatives ol the
student body. The illustration will
be conducted by admin S. Hewitt,
chairman ol the Board of Trustees. Tile new president Will then
be created by canyon A, adopt,
chairman of the faculty; Steve
Kent, president or the Student
Government Association; Frank
R. Furbtlsh, president of the Altimni Association; Dr. Floyd E.
Beaver, mayor or the city or skills
hell; and island F. ChristrJaner,
president or Cornell College and
chairman of the Associated Col<
pages ot the Midwest
The innovation and restriction
will be gi n by the Rev. Dr. hudson E. Fei get of Des movies. The
college orchestra and college choir
will provide the professional rousic under the direction of penis
M. de Coteau (music).
Aside ircm the illustration itself, there are other events to till
the week-end’s social calendar.
These include a college orchestra
concert and student reception for
the suggests Friday evening; a
INAUGURATIDN—
(Continued on Page 7)
 
Alarm About Faculty Departures
Unwarranted while Grinnell cross
By PAUL R. JONES
oil campus lately there have
been growing concerns about the
rate at which members or the faculty have been making plans to
leave the campus. The main questions are: what is the cause of
departure, and is the current rate
charming?
One of the universal observations made by several department
heads and administration members was that what many call a
New musicians Set
For South Campus
Karen Lauteibach announced
the productions and dependent for
the new court last week. Joan
Ehrenreich and Sue cash, re
relatively, are the new protection
and assistant protection. New deferred‘s are Sue device and Mimi
Anderson. while l-leleii Belshelm is
returning to that position,
Also announced last week were
the Baillehoartls for next years
Loose; Boiiiiie Brown, Sue, battlefield, Susan Raab, blend Sat-ant,
Barbara Kalliilnan. Kit order.
Ami Kirschner, Elizabeth Palelke,
study jason, alone banking. Read:
Anne Laughliii, Betty Btaitdis, Julie Ward, ricky Wei-nick, Evclyii
s u g aw a, dance Moi-so, J a ri e
Stl'acre, release strange barnes:
Nancy Liudiier, Cindy pages, Susan
Allen, Susan Lee, Kathy sullivan,
K i Reilnehohm, newbie Feir,
BAFFLEBOARD—
(Continued on Page 5)
 
problem in high faculty mmover
is not a problem at all. One professor said that perhaps the issue
is not that too many processors
are leaving, but that too few
are leaving. The reasoning behind
this is that a moderate moreover
or faculty members indicates the
willingness of the college to seek
new ideas. One professor went on
to say that this does not necessarily
mean that there is dissatisfaction
with the existing staff, as can be
seen by the consistently high quilt
its of the faculty
Another observation made was
that there was not a problem oi
faculty mon-are involved in the prev
sent moreover. it was, of course,
admitted that a person would not
leave a position if he were pet:
gently satisfied with the position
and wanted nothing more. Howard
D to (philosophy and religion)
said that it would be far less than
candle to say that there are not
shine personal reasons for depth»
sure. However, it was noted that
the reasons behind the changes tied
not come down to personal diff
services or conflicts between the
specific faculty member and his
staff, the administration, or Sludeiltsi The issue also does not. involve salary dissatisractioit; the
salary scale at Grinnell is defining
ly on a competitive scale with any
other liberal arts college or com
payable size. it was automatically
stated by several pi-otessoi-s treat
financial problems were not a part
TURNOVER—
(Continued on Page 7)
 
cancer, tBLACK-i‘
Oldest College Newspaper were or the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXlll
Grinnell. laws. Friday. April is, 1966
No. {5
 
Katz to Teach at U. oi Mass,Saw Little Sell-Motivation Here
Seymour Katz (English) leaves
Grinnell at the end of May to
teach at the University or Massachusetts’ new Boston camping
As a member oi the college’s
division of humanities, Katz will
teach three courses in humanities.
He also hopes to teach American
Literature when such courses are
turned.
“I have two reasons for leaving,” Katz said. “I want to try
a different kind of institution and
gain a different sort or experience
in my career. Grinnell, alter all,
has been my only teaching experience thus far.”
Katz’s second reason for leaving
Grinnell is his desire to be closer
t0 the Eastern research libraries.
He plans to continue work on Save
oral l-iawthoi-ne papers which
will eventually trim part ot
a book. He has been doing research
on Hawthorne for the past tour
years.
“I think the students are very
available, capable. and interested,
 
and they perform well — when
you ask them. But," said Katz,
“I see very little self-motivation
ma
Seymour Kai:
and reaching out. Occasionally
students ‘catch like,‘ but never a
whole class."
Katz stated that in his eight
years at Grinnell he has found
the challenge “a continuously exciting one, tale courses interesting
and of a great variety, and a
wonderful freedom to experiment
in those courses.”
Next year's English department
at Grinnell is Viewed by Katz as
very challenging. He referred
particularly to the new courses in
American Studies,
KATZ—
(Continued on Page 7)
ADDRESS HERE:
333110;, yellow!)
sun‘r‘less‘d Mimi
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April IS, ”A!
 
charles and Black
GRINNELI. COLLEGE
Grinuell. lawn
A weekly newspaper published each Friday or the college year by the cornell columns: on student sublime
nous represented low imunnul adventure by National Ad»
focusing service, inc., Codes: publishers neprcsuumuve.
lb East sum Street. New York 22, NY. Second class postage paid at Grinncll, (mm. Subscription its $5.90 Del
school ymr. lEW mid subscriptions,
low Hodlema
Hnmh‘l rusou
.Alan Axelmd
Mmhi lurIuy
Slevz pussy
time l‘lmr
Paul bradley
bobby Plunwlil
suzy Wlll
nusmzss M En
ASSOCIATE EDH‘OK
CDPY EDITOR .
SPORTS minor
nation: :error .
EXCHANGE EDITOR
EDITOIIAL may]
CIRCULATION MANAGE!
Student Ideas
Sunday afternoon we will inaugurate a new leader
for Grinnell. In his inaugural address President Glenn
suggest will tell the college that it is time for a ”read»
formation" of the sense of community and that any
break-down in communications that may have modified
Grinnell and other computer in past years should now
come to an end. suggest will say it is time for the std—
cents, faculty, and administration to get together and
solve these problems.
In recent weeks we’ve had several occasions to talk
with President suggest about the college community.
Most recently it has been with regard to our editorial
policy. suggest seeks a more construction policy from
the 58:3; he wants to see us making policy suggestions
for the college.
We’ve been resistant to do this. We‘ve been more
willing to limit ourselves to a critical picture, offering
our opinions as particular cases arise. The reason we
have chosen this stand is that it has seemed to be more
effective for past editors. The record of willingness on
the part of the administration to reach to student crit»
irish has been far better than their willingness to re—
act to new plan It is easier to discuss as “impractical
at this time" a construction proposal than it is to answer a criticism of an existing but hourly working
policy,
It is our opinion that in recent years at Grinnell
the effect of any student-promoted proposal has been
little. The conflict that suggest will speak of Sunday
has driven a judge between students and administration that created on the part of the students a suspiCious, paper-critical attitude toward the administration.
We hope that when suggest speaks of more and closer
work with students he means that the students’ open—
sons will not only be sought more but considered more
than they have in the past.
If this proven to be the case, if President suggest
can bring about a better working relationship with
the students then he will have accomplished a great
deal. But even with better working relations. the primary responsibility for creative leadership tests with
him. And while it is good to know that any construction
and thoughtful proposals that students may present
are going to get fair attention, we think that it is likely
that students will continue to look toward the president’s office for the new ideas that Grinnell needs.
And Student Praise
It’s not often that we take this space to applied
an act by the administration. But this week I think
we’ve witnesses an unparalleled act of broad-mistress
on their part.
Thursday morning an art exhibit was hung in the
Forum. The exhibit was created by photographer Henry Wilhelm, co—editor of the cycling. A few of the photographs accused a question of propriety in some circles. Some went so far as to have portions of the exhibit
removed. When controlled with this conflict, however,
the administration took a bold, strong, liberal, and high
ly encountered position. They had the removed photo—
graphs replaced. It is a promising sign to see this attitude on the part of the administration.
Doug McCormac
The bridge Pot
i was quite enjoying my dinner last Friday,
having saved the plumpest Shrimp fur last.
when as I based my luck into the lender horses a rated stream isolated the conviviality
of the, Quad. without of some, as-yet-angry‘
moms girl being frightened from he: meal, and
angeles by the french who would have dated
to do such a need, I looked obviously, but with
sympathy ready in my deepvblue eyes. about
the table for that pale, tearrstn'chen, nauseous
grotesquely that — only seconds before — had
been the lace or a pure and Charming miss,
Much to my disney, alan, I perceived only
empty chairs and slave smoke arising from
cigarette butts, for my lifetime, meal-time
conditions had not shared my sensitivity to
the delivery and complexity or pictures, nor
ever had known the necessity of slow gunmandizing.
mirrors! Behold - it must have been the
shrimp who had called out. Guiltily, secret
likely charming that daleclable little mainly
into my shirt pocket —- please states spreading
like obvious blogs of sin — I happened to the
privacy of my apartment, pulled the contains,
and laid the gathered crustacean upon my
desk. What universe, animal documentation
was this?
"Let it be known in the world," I heard the
shrimp say, solemnly, puiulully, “that l was
filed in deep fat — mere lesson Oil — as a
living Sacrifice lo artificiality and spam, The
breast equations and violin pics that decrease
your months’ faces are the hideous signs or
the declaration to follow."
“What can i do?" i asked, falling, lying
prostores, travelling, flashing my links in lulilc brandon over my carpet (which is of a
miller expensive sort that cannon stand ma
much of such wear). “ls this the end? A img»
less to nonexistence, a twelve-line socket, a
race where the, horses ballot off into availability, non-nuclear destination and installation.
a meaningless hollow silent stream — is this
civilization?"
“Tell the world," said the shrimp.
“Tell them what? What?"
But my roommate, proud, naughty. disdainlul and free, stroke past the wrestling
picture of my body and filled that plump
shrimp in his lips and in two sites featured
it.
I awarded the chronicles and books to keep
from his ports like dirt from the end of a
worm, but he only failed and asked me why
1 was sleeping nu me hard floor. 0h, better disillusionment! False tale! What a permissions
whore you are. Before the mirror, I saw the
small red head at a simple assets itself upon
the thickness or my face,
 
 
Letters . . .
S. C. Problem
To the L Im‘:
“We've given up the thought as doing any
lhlhg about the South Campus Problem,” advised President Glenn suggest last January
(5&3 Jan. 21). Holy intellectualism, Batman,
there is a South Campus Problem! And i:
would seem by application that it must be
worse than the North Campus Problem, be
impossible lo define. and more company if the
President, the student means, the Ad doc
Committee, the Executive Council. the Faculv
iy Committee on Student Affairs, the AWS
Board, the Cofl-IP, and the Senate have joining thrown in the tower. Never let it be said.
though, that the men of North Campus
can 0int~pl0l>lEm the women or would Campus
because we have the right lu have just as
many problems at the same magnitude_as the
other end of the campus does. in the light of
unusual publicity, South Campus has been
closely overlooked when we indeed have our
own problems.
We feel that the SCP does not primarily
stem from the present hall System. but rather
largely as a result hi the bases of many female relallollslllpsnThese bases consist mainly of unwrilten reliability agreements among
women to promote each otliei"s boyfriends
and strongly, a guarantee oi companionship
because few of us enjoy Sitting alone on a
(lawyers Saturday night. Consequently. a
group of girls contribute following in Communal celebrity instead of attempting lo explore the mean' gtul possibilities of interactive related s, Women don’t seek Out
other women expressed im- these ends. but
what good are “cool" boyfriends and other
such status Symbols without other women
around? This type of relationship prices (mm
the sustainability or resistance of |hose
jersey in other topics of conversation to encourage intellectual enthusiasm.
These statements, we believe, generally reflect |he attitudes oi the less mature — regardless Df age or classification. Freshmen
can benefit ibm living experiences derived
mm a heterogeneous group or uppeuclass
women; conversion, upperclnss women can
benefit from the genuine intellectual real exhibitcd by some freshmen which can as st
us in defining our goals, separation fresh.
men women with access only to selected up»
pcs‘class women would deny them accessory
a \lidcl', nlﬂl'e river tried group — assuming
that lliere is diversification in numbers at
Grinnell. room olll' experience, freshmen women’s calls have started most forms of in
uivulual growth and have failed to produce
anything beyond supervision trivia which most
of us remember as freshlne msn'l him a
more realistic picture bl anti- lclleclualism
on souls Campus? We have youthful interventions, and we breed trivia and anlirlnlel»
i l
lectunlism by submitting these forces to replace informal exchanges of ideas. optimize
calls, the mature college woman allows herself I healthy amount of trivia and escapism
but also realized that the importance of at
warning Ind ﬁcontaining outlets for outside
of class intellectual calculation. Some freshman women can achieve this without living
experiences with upperclass women, but who
compound the already president by isolation
ireshmen women geographically? Why isolate upperclass women from the many cunsti‘active freshmen influences?
Anti-intellectualism on South Campus, as
we have defined it, is more than a reaction
against academic pressure. It flourishes and
proliferales in an environment which efforts
consistent facilities. Amidnlellectua 5m,
then, is the absence of much of the potential
meaning accessible to intelligent persons. lilstead of entering the hall system, each one
should decide Whether we want to continue
supporting trivia, which can discounted freshmen, or be of some Value to them.
’l‘romonveutm
La selecting
B. All):
Mother's Advice
ED. NOTE: The following is a Letter
sent to a Gi'illness cold by her Mother.
Tile daughter asked to have it re-pl‘illtcd.
That powerful edition you described as
“feeling horny" is the dark, patent, whirlwind
force of the unconscious. And your whole like
depends on what you do with it. It must be
used. ll will not be compressed. It can be
trained on somewhat by placement satisfaclions — sex. “picks," physically evaluating
exercise 7 the whole range that the breaks
provided [or in the Dionysian sites — but u 13
hot itself a need for any of these things. It
is the creative energy of the universe. our
drive, even, is importantly. It has no mobility
of its own—only . power lo express, a mistress
seeking to fulfill. it we feel it strongly, dear
heart, we must find something big enough to
work at, that is worthy of his power. For ii
We do not give il meaning and three
title u will turn on us and destroy us, or
we will spend a picirul life merely trying lo
drain it off. You have this creative energy and
power very strongly, dear Daughter, usd you
will iiud a work lo du that witnesses it, Ind
turns it to creation, to beauty, to love.
But it is more universal than the kind of
love you can express for one person 7 lo
pmli‘ all that energy villa one person would
overwhelm and destroy the poor guy!
N0 — it is something far second that,
Something we share with God — or at least,
something fundamental to the universe which
we can use with God’s help lo share in Ills
cl'ealivo like.
 
Friday. April l5, l9“
Des points Project at Year's End
The Des points Project is wrapping up its operations for the year
in order to “lake stock of the
situation and begin advanced plannillg [or next year,” according to
Bill Downey, head of the project.
COUNTERFEIT TRAITOR
Sunday at 9 pm you can see
William golden blackmailed by
the British into spring on the
basis during WW II in [he
maple the “Counterleit tractor." The New York Times
called ll. a "good old spy meiodrama " What better record}condition could you seek?
“We hope to have something more
concrete for next year,“
One oi the main problems has
been the difficulty in financing the
project. from the college. Downey
hopes to drum up support in Des
points next year, The $425 from
the fast last month will gt) for
back deals such as rent and maintenance oi the house Billy King,
the community worker the project
has been supporting, has been us;
ing for- Des points headquarters.
Part or the reason for ending
the year's work is that Billy King
has taken a cartridge job. How
ever, he is staying on with the
project until he has finished writing reports and contacting people
who have been involved over the
 
1,1: it [me you're planning
to get engaged?
l’nr on the bring
at giving lane any
Beethoven sweatshirt.
a, What about money for your
children's education?
My Uncle Henry in
very find army.
He owns n steel mill.
3. 1 know something that can
help you meet rlrnosc all
your ﬁspecial needs.
And be independent, too.
Nothing can do all that,
z. you’ are you going to gunmnteo
security to your lnmrly when
you're married?
I have a rich hunt,
you know.
4. “iron pay or ycnr short a o
if you should die? g 3
You never can tell.
Every topic 1 help
on old man across flu
street] give him
my name and andrew
in case he dress’t
have anyone to leather money to,
a, Living Insurance from
available can. It can even
give you a liictirnc income
when you return.
i wonder if Uncle Henry
has it?
For information about Living Insurance, are The Man from E disabled
For career opportunities at available, See your Plncémint 0 car, or
write: patrick scotland, Manpower Development Division.
The [qumuus life Assurance Society of the united state-
hours oﬂicrr ms Avl. or to. Amelie”, New York. NJ. loan amount-bl. 1956
’ An Equal Dppmluvllly Employer
 
SCARLET ‘ ND ILACK
past year: He will then go to New
York and continue working in the
community service field.
A similar community development project will be taking place
this summer in the southeast doctors section of Des points,
FORUM HOURS
The Forum will be the center
for the Inaugural Reception Sunday
afternoon following the illustration itself. The upper level or the
Fnrunl -— the North and South
younger and the Grill —- will be
in use for the reception and
therefore will not be open for general use. The Reception will be
over and the Forum in operation
logo Til?-
female approved New courts:
Phones Will play Open water
my men CHADY
in an initially short meeting
Monday night the Senate heard
officers' reports, conﬁreed nominations to the primary court, and
established three new committees, bringing the (Dial oi new
SGA committees to nine.
Steve oem reported that la st
week’s recommendation has been
accepted—campus headphones will
be on until anerhali hour past women's hours.
Karen Lauierbach announced
that Baffleboard selections had
been made (see Page 1) and that
AWS Board had established penalr
ties for an unexcused absence
from the Quadrangle (see Page 5).
The Senate approved the for-
 
as usual by 6:15 pm. Sunday.
losing appointments to the Wo-
 
TRAVEI. F
WHEN YOU THINK OF T
FUN
or The Lucky Few
and an addition to your
educationi
RAVEL —— THINK OF US
GRINNELL TRAVEL CENTER
308 FIFTH AVENUE Count
GRINNELL. lawn
men's Primary Court: Linda real
—chief Magistrate, range commander, and Sue postal. CofHP apr
apartments to the Men's Primary
Court were also approved: Tim
Daileyichief magistrate, Jon button, Doug Pearson, and Ralph
prayer.
Three Committees—dealing with
counseling, a radio station, and
admissions ~ were established.
For the geneﬁt nl those lost in
the bureaucratic make, here is a
breakdown of the existing Committees:
There are now {our committees
exclusively under lite Senate:
transportation. changed by pic
MacDowell, curriculum a l f a i r 5
(Sam mothers), counseling (bank
balloon), and admissions (Eric
discussed).
There are two committees ex‘
cluslvely under [lie CoiHP: open
moms (Jay Williams) and car
rule (Rick Jacob).
Finally, there are three communities set up by the Executive
iCabinet, where membership con<
l lists oi two house treatments, two
senators, two students A at A large.
and the Chairman. These commit-
‘less are concerned with a radio
station, subsidiary reform, and B
‘8: G. Applications are still being
‘ taken for most oi the committees.
 
 
lllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllilllllllillllllli‘i!llllllllllllllllllllllillillllililllliillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllilllllilllllliillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll'
PROVIDE
your money with
WIWWIMWIH
a good home!
GRlNNELL FEDERAL
Savings and Loan Association
When you've . lime to stars. open an account of Grinnell Federal. You‘ll like
doing banner; in isa modern. new building.
0 Your money cards or the planned rule a! 4 l/ll°/a par year.
0 Your money is
readily available i! needed.
0 Your money is insured safe . . . each account ls insured up in $10.00,
by F.S.L.I.C.
Special min in organization i‘resources: If you have a surplus in your Treasury
[however small]. open an account and let your money work instead of re-
mailing idle.
Grinnell Federal W Savings
I025 Main Sireel I Grinnell, Iowa I Phone 5l5 236-3l2'
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
and loan
Association
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll‘llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllﬁ
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paid advertisement
 
cycling '66
By JOHN WOLF
Last year’s cycling editor said.
"it you’re really going to do the
textbook the way you plan to, you
won't, have time for anything
sister"
She was right about the “any«
thing else," but this year’s editors
ARE doing the cycling the way
they planned to,
John Phillips, co-editor of the ’66
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PHILLIPS
cycling, feels that “it is our overall purpose to give the concept oi
'textbook’ a new vitamins and review it as a meaningful institution,
It has so much potential; t's time
to take advantage at it.”
Among the major additions to
this year's book are senior por»
trails taken in real-life situations.
Managing editor Susan Barquist,
who has been organizing the taking of senior portraits, says, "Seniors have been photographer in an
Economics seminar, in the new
greenhouse, at the skating link, as
well as playing in a Wednesday
,‘night jam session, packaging at
the sex. watching a basketball
game. working in the library and
in the art department, displaying
rats in lab, sharing on into space
in their rooms—8nd this is only
the beginning."
"Faculty pictures are being taken in more or less the same manner as senior pictures, very often
in classroom situations." notes com
editor Henry Wilhelm. “We want to
portion faculty members in the
way that students are likely to
remember them. We photographer
Mr. eastern in his home talking
with the Ethics«M0raiity Stu d y
BAROUIST
 
Group, and Mrs Kurtz wants his
picture taken with his family riding their bicycles down Park
Street. We think this will be a
much more rneaninghrl type of pic.
sure than the usual started studio
type portrait. The studenttaeulty
portraits will, by the way of their
varied situations, also show a
great deal of the ‘Grinneli excel
hence.' ”
 
 
 
 
 
 
WILHELM
In commentary on sales, bush»
news manager Tim Ablett notes:
“Things are going pretty well;
however we are trying to sell more
books this year than were sold in
past years There are still many
faculty members and seniors who
haven’t ordered a book. We think
that most seniors will want a hook,
especially because ot the g read
space that will be devoted to senior
portraits, Therefore, we are ex
sending sales another week until
April 25.
“When the 1965 cycling came
out there were a surprising number of people who, wanted to buy
a book but who hadn’t ordered
one the year before. Next October
we won't have any extra ‘66
Cyclones, and I would hate to see
anyone disappointed. beautifully
everyone in Grinneli Will be pic—
tired in one activity or another,
but many people won't realize this
until the book is already out . s .
and by then it will be too late
to do anything about it.”
Phillips and Wilhelm explain:
"An example of how we will cover
an event is the story of SGA—
the convention and the election.
We have been taking pictures at
 
SGA activities for some time—to
the consideration of some of the ,
ofﬁcars~and these Will be the
background of the story of the
election. What SGA was and was
not doing were important issues
with the various candidates, so all
these things will tie in, We followed the candidates during their
c a m p a i g n s and [allowed their
forces during the convention and
then photographer Steve Kent as
he was told that he had Want To
this we added some of the things
that the Kent administration has
been involved in during the rest
ot the year. With appropriate copy,
this method or doing a story
should give some or the feeling of
what is to be “involved" in SGA.
“This is What. we’re trying to do
with this hook-that is, trying to
view student life as a related
whole. Most students don't lead a
compartmentalized life; people are
always doing things and relating
to other people, We’re trying to
go ln depth and get at the essence at Grinnell.
“This will be a book about real
people, not just faces and events."
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Void Advertisomnt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Friday. April I5. rm
 
Off-Campus Woman units generally;
‘ Punishment To Be Conduct promotion
Last week the Women’s Primary
Court sentences a woman to twenty nights of hall continental with
ten nights suspended, and recommended relocation oi ntfrcampus
housing privileges and transfer to
r the Quadrangle as soon as possible.
G
In addition, the Court's recommendation of conduct promotion
until the end of the current semester has been accepted by the
Dean’s Committee
The woman involved was
charged with illegal exit and later
news in excess at one-and-a-half
hours. The woman pleased guilty
to the illegal exit but pleased innocent to the charge of darkness in
excess of oiie-alto-a-half hours. She
was found guilty of both charges.
The Woman left her residence at
about 1:15 a.m. and returned at
2:30 a.m. The Court said that the
term darkness “is something or a
\customer in this case," but went
on to say that “there is no other
charge presently in the hand hook
which Covers the violation.” darkness is counted from hours, in this
instance, 12:30 am.
The Court stated that. at the time
of the case there was not a “truly
appropriate charge“ but that now
that the administration has approved a charge of "unauthorized
absence from the Quadrangle" this
problem will not arise again.
The penalty for an unauthorized
absence between final closing
hours and 6 am. will range
 
 
 
 
 
RABBI ISSAC NEUMAN oi
cedar Rapids. Iowa. will
speak here next Wednesday
at 4 pm in the south lounge
oi the Forum. His topic will
he ”The Civil Rights Movemo A Rabbi's Point oi
View. Rabbi Ncuman martin.
ipatod in the March on font.
comedy last spring.
} Baffleboard
(Continued from Page 1)
Susan nice. Mary bring. Ruthie
Sternbergr James: Nancy panama,
Judy Johnson, betty James, leg
StiCE, Edie Peterson. Judy Scott,
rally priest, Amy russian. Cleveland: Najwa Adra, honda sherman, Kathy jackson. early human,
kathy norman, Jane Kreissman,
Barbara leisure Main: party
horizon. Louise Robertson, Margaret teachers, Lynne russian, Susan corner, Byrdie wish. years:
newbie DuNann, Diana B r n w n,
Sandy rates. Kathy Kimak, Linda
lunch, kathy simpson. Pine Tree:
senate Reichs. Carol middle. dev
Dority. 1127 and White House:
Helen Klein, dinner madison, Nancvy Beardsley. Helen l-lolsclew,
Conference House: Mary vatican, Nancy Gromko.
 
from ﬁve nights of hall continental to conduct promotion. Any
unauthorized absence designated
later than onesandrarhnlf hours
alter closing time will result in
conduct promotion.
An additional change states that
failure to sign out, or signing out
without a Colinlei'signature‘e or against regulations will be considered an unauthorized absence.
The suggestion to move the woman back to the Quadrangle sets
a president. The Court said this
was done in order to “stress the
need for responsibility and majority wuhin out-campus living query
term." In the words of the Court,
“The delendaiit’s actions constitute an abuse of these (oilcampus) privileges.”
Visual Arts Entries
Due by Next Friday
Entries for the annual awards
for excellence in the visual arts
are due at the line arts justice
April ‘22, Winners will he an
founded April 24 at 3 pm. in
the Schaetfer Art Gallery.
Awards to be presented are the
Inez merely Memorial Prizes for
Painting, which Carry $125 in
prizes, and the Henry York
cleaner M e m o real Prize for
Creative Art. which boards a $100
prize.
Any Grinnell student may sub»
mit up to three pieces oi original
work produced in the last year for
the contests.
These prizes are being given in
conjunction with the annual student exhibition in Schaetter Gallery April 22 through May 17, but
entries do not need to be displayed
for consideration.
Judge of this year’s competition
will be richard Sheets. prominent
West Coast printer, designer and
educated. He is the former chairman of the art department at
scripts College, placement, bali
bosnia.
Further information for entrance
may be obtained at the line arts
office.
Exhibit Assembled
To Honor suggest
In addition to the unusual flurry
of social activities this weekend,
a special art exhibit has been assumes'ed in Schaetter Art Gallery
in honor or President suggest's in»
regulation. ' ‘
The works mail from Various
Iowa collections — the Des points
Art Center, American Republic Insurance, Mr. and Mrs. James S,
Schrantm (Burlington), the Fish
er Foundation (Marshalltown),
State College at iowa, University
oi iowa, and the planned memorial Art Gallery (rt. Dodge).
Among the artists featured are
Jackson follows, henry M o u re.
casino marine, Edgar vegas, and
Albert Giacometti.
Richard service (art) says of
those works represented: “These
are significant works by m ago r
artists , . r giants . . . God. it
inn’t every day‘you see guys like
these."
The exhibition will run through
next Wednesday.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
H \r
THE LENOX QUARTET. Grinnell's string quarter in residence. will return to the campus to—
mirror to present a concert for the occasion of President Leggsti's illustration. The pro—
gray. at B p.m. in Roberts Theatre. will include Mozart's "quarter in c Major. K. 465."
Beethoven's "quarter in F Minor, opus 95." and Bartok's "quarter No. 5." Th. quarter,
whose members are Peter Marsh, first violin; Delmar pettys, second violin; Paul perth, villa;
and Donald McCall, violinccilo; has spent this semester touring such distinguished colleges
and universities as New York University. Carleton college. opetlin college, Princeton uni.
version. and Yale university. Following the concert tomorrow night, the only appearance
to be mad. at Grinnell this semester, the quarter will tour the west Coast to present a
series of concerts at the University oi california and stanford university. The consistently
high praise from critics has won the quarter national acclaim.
 
 
Our Co-eds
Marilyn Gray '68 Photo by warehouse
Méet
Are . Our Best Advertisement
counter’s 4th Ave. sessions
GRINNELL. IOWA
"so-nothing New Everyday--
Coordinates by
824 4th Ave. Phone 236-4222
 
Page Slx SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. April l5. l9“
Congratulations President largest .
 
The city of Grinnell minutes
you and looks forward to
a long and pleasant association with you and your
family.
We feel confident of a
bright future for Grinnell
College.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GLENN LEGGETT
EIGHTH misroewr or GRINNELL COLLEGE
\This Page Sponsored by the Following Grinnell Merchants and Businessmen:
bringﬁgpgmce Joseph's Jewelry 1. C. Penney Co. Harry's Sport Shop
birmingham Drug sharp Pharmacy A Bang’s Apparel
frames Jewelry Arnold's Shoes, Inc.
4th & blood class 5‘ '29
Brown's Shoe Fit
Restaurant
deeper MllSiC C0. Preston's Clothing Virginia's Ben franklin
counter’s 5th Ave.
_ Zimm's Coast to Coast R. M. Harrison Co. Iowa Cleaners
sessions
 
Friday. April is, was
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Save»
 
Exchange Column
Berkeley Faculty Committee davis s
Institution of Freshman Seminars
Three weeks ago a Berkeley
facility committee released a two
hundred page report suggesting
possible changes to improve the
quality of education at that university. Tile “Muscatine” report
represents a positive response to
3 need for change which was so
well demonstrated in the roots of
last year. A few or the forty»two
recommendations of the report included:
The institution of ireshman seminars to consist of no more than
twelve students and one faculty
member who would work without
restriction as to subject matter
“as long as the orientation is one
of dialogue and in the spirit of
tree inquiry.”
The institution oi Id how courses:
courses which might arise “to supply the relevant similarly and intellectual background to subjects
of active student concern." (e.g.,
“diet Nam." and “Literary membership").
The proposals that recommends»
tions for centre be accompanied
by a formal monster on the candidate’s teaching performance.
The elimination of grades from
a student’s cumulative average
for courses sites in his first term
of residence,
simon Rejected
“We, the underground members
) illustration
(Continued from huge l)
symposium on “Literature and the
Academy,” a formal student dinner handling the suggests, a xerox
quarter concert. and the Inaugur81 Ball, on Saturday; and on Sunday, college church and a function and reception for generates and
special guests.
suggest was educated at Mid»
dietary College and Ohio State
University, and has taught at
Massachusetts institute of Tech
nobody, Ohio State University, and
the University of Washingto
though he served in the admr
archive capacity as protest at
Washington, his main interest is
that of a teacher-scholar. He is
concerned with the “student jul»
sure,” which he has defined as
the intellectual development, per
local growth, and attachment at
majority of the young adult.
Thornton To Assess
Peace Corps Group
rivers L, thomson (psychology)
will serve as ﬁend assessment officer at a Peace Corps training
center at Hilo. Hawaii. this summer,
He will be responsible for the
psychological assessment and
evaluation of Peace Corps volunteers who will be underlying training prior [0 assignment in Southeast Asia.
The Hilo center, which is operated by the University of Hawaii.
is one of the Peace Corps' largest
with a summer enrollment of
more than 300.
Thornton will be accompanied by
his will, Barbara, who is an as
distant in biology at Grinnell College, Ind their three children.
 
of the graduation class of 1966, protest the extending of an invitation to Richard M. simon to speak
at our announcement Exercises
June 5, 1966, and the learning to
him of an contrary degree."
Thus the seniors at the University of Rochester have calculated
a protest petition within their
class objective to the placing of a
“seal of approval” on his ideas
concerning academic freedom,
(in October 25, 1965, simon, in
a speech in New Jersey detailed that numbers University of New
Jersey discuss Professor Gencvese
for giving his personal viewpoints
on the diet Nam war at to teacher. Genovese is reported to have
said that he would welcome a diet
long victory in diet Nam.
When Drew University did not
renew the contract at one of their
processors who participated in the
teach-in, because of “academic
reasons," simon stated that he advised the subtlety of the Drew
officials, thus giving support to the
idea of using academic pressure
 
to supplies political opinion.
"If I were governor I would not
sit on the sometimes, but i would
remind the Board of investors of
their responsibility to put the security of the nation above the right
of the individual." simon said the
same day in supporting the Re—
publicly candidate for the New
Jersey sponsorship.
The Rochester seniors are not
opposed to the appearance of simon campus in some other capacity.
And the solutions of the petition
deny any political mobile in their
actions.
STOP NSA
Students to impose Participation
in NSA STOP NSA) buttons, floors,
and battle active will be out in
force nmrt week to indicate a natinnewide attack on the National
Student Association.
The Conservative Club and the
Young Americans for Freedom
are searching a three-printed ass
fault on many university computer including St, John's University.
 
Faniasiick Fairy Tale
Produced for Arena
Thursday night at a pm. the
musical The Fantasticks goes on
stage in arena theater. Directed
as an independent project by Deborah gui-listing, the show combines free verse dialogue and
songs in an adaptation of the
French story The logistics
The Fantasllcks begins with a
fairy tale act in which boy (sun
ray Nelson) meets girl (Stephanie
Lewis), and subsequently they fall
in love and harry. Their fathers
(Milt google and Tom Pope) have
successfully signed the romance,
including a feed to further the love
affair. To bring about a recommendation between the “feeding” fathers. a stated reduction is
planned. El calls, operator ot the
musical (pic MacDowell) is hired
to effect a phone rape.
At the beginning of the second
act the characters are mistress and
quarrelsome. As El calls presents
the bill for the rape, the masquerade is exposed. the lovers
part and the fathers large into a
real send, Significantly enough,
the wall is porn down before it
is elected again. Enter the hero,
as the boy return from his worldly adventures to find the girl has
been received by El calls. Enter
the theme, as the boy and girl
fail in love again, this time know»
ing what it is to be hurt, and thus
tracking better what love means.
Meanwhile, back at the wall, the
fathers have found a common
bond in their mutual infection for
vegetables — because they’re so
predictions, so dependence, unlike
children. They suggest hearing down the wall. but El calls
interviews and assists that the wall
must stay and can never be porn
down.
Characters and others insert»
mental to the production include
 
Keith King, musical director;
Anne robinson and Janet Hamilton, pianists; Max l-leligott, second actor; Ruthie Sternberg,
who portrait various drops. Must
cal numbers in the Show include
“Try to Remember." “Much
More,” and “Soon It‘s mozilla
Rain,”
Previous workshops have been
finances by drama department
funds; however, Miss christine
is breaking president by receiving financial support from SGA.
Miss christine also broke price—
sent last year when her production of The American Dream
went on the road and was the
first Grinnell play to do so in five
years. The American Dream helped
have the way for the performance
of The Bourgeoisie at Cornell this
year.
) Kaiz
(Continued from Page 1)
According to Katz there have
been no abrupt changes in the
academic attitude of the student
body during the eight years he
has taught here. He described the
students as provide “fairly homogeneolls.”
Kafz lovers forward to two special challenges in his new position. He will he working with a
different type or student body,
since it is an urban community
and most students will be computers.
“1 will be working with the student that coupon't go away to
school," stated Kati, “And of
course, part of the excitement and
challenge is going lo those Boswnian libraries!"
PHOTO CREDlTS
Wcllnou
cycling mi
garden 7 p. R, office
concern
Page i
Page nl'
page 5:
cute s
 
College ‘spirit' Would Shock J. 3.;
Evolves lo Unforeseen Extremes
By ANNE FARRER
There are several approaches
that may be taken when considering Grinnell. There is the perspective's “area't’the squirting next, what do you do during
open forms anyway?“ approach.
There's the hang a eastern in
Goodnow tower, the trustees are
coming approach. And there's the
historical approach, for whatever
Grinnell is, it is the oldest one
of it west of the Mississippi.
Although one now receives the
impression that Giinnell s p r a n 3
fully armed and con-ivfed from the
blow of I. B. Grinnell, it was by
process that Grinnell arrived at its
present state. An example and integral part oi this process is the
evolution of the present status of
liquid at Grinnell.
In the beginning I. B. Grinnell
created the college and liquid was
immediately placed at a disadvantage; for the original plan
was as follows: a board was closely and it was provided that the
net proceeds from the lots in the
northwest quarter oi Section is be
given to Grinnell University, “with
the express provision that the lots
should report to Mr. Grinnell ii
absent spirits for a beverage
should ever be sold thereof without his consent or that of his legal
representatives.”
Later this compilation was eur
iecilvely removed by court action,
p moreover
(Continued [mm Page l)
or the decisions made by report—
ing faculty, though higherrsalaried
positions were usually accepted,
it was generally felt that at
Grinneli, centre, a traditional proc.
bacon in some colleges and universities, was not an issue at all.
Most processors produce enough
material at G inoell to gain na»
signal recognition and this was
cited as one of the big factors
in the drawing away of faculty
members; several department
heads said that the places where
the processors were going or had
gone should be used as an index
of the availability of the faculty
and that the departure should not
be counted as a total loss iﬂl' the
college but as a gain in the practice oi the iaclllly.
The major factor m llle debate
z - oi any professor. was clay5 ed as one of market. Most oi
the people interpreted emphasized tlie lack that opportunities
in education were increasing at
such a rate that the availability
of a position, especially for a professor coming from Grinnell, was
almost stainless. The mat et. in
other words, is a seller’s market.
James message (English) noted
that the departments that were in
the best shape were the ones to
lose the best men. He cited processors Fox, Springer, Cole, and
festival in previous years. He
went on to say that not many
people leave without an offer.
Joseph Wall (history) said that
state members usually leave because of oppoi-runiiies for specialization and more time for research
and publication, He said that this
was particularly true at the hilton'y department.
One of the largest reasons cited
for the fact that more processors
did not leave was that the college
 
 
but the intent was carried on in
November. 1904, with the establishment of a local chapter of the
American proposition C olderﬂ
League. In true Grinnell fashion,
the chapter was to attack the social manage or alcohol by “but.
living courses of study on variouii
lines dealing with the liquid
problem and to produce as a result of study themes and opinions
which shall help the cause of pro
position."
The machinery of Grinnell ran
smoothly, though with somewhat oi
a lack of publication, until December, 1931, when the council oi
house chairman began an investigation of the use of liquid on campus. This el item a traditional
S lo 3 editorial:
The. started and Black. despite opposition, is today publishing a story on the liquid in<
destination now in progress here.
Thls is carried because the his
destination ls news, and action
taken either by studio governing
organizations or by the administrative committee is of vital
interest to the student body.
Whispered rumors Is to meetings and commons may IS well
be made public it they are true.
Grinnell does not maintenance
drinking by students here, and
letting both the students and
public know that such is the
case can do no harm.
As a result of the investigation
eight Clark men were placed on
social promotion, which in 1931
was no dating, day or night, until
the end of the year. home of
these Clark men were subject to
discussed at the end of the year
(it they reached in true, red»blocked
Grinnell spirit, they probably left
right then).
The Climax in Grinnell's his
cholic history came in 1964 when
at the institution of SGA. liquid
was organized on campus for students over 21.
At present, the college is struggling with the rather fabulous
“North Campus Problem" and in
regard to this, one can best admonish: God grant me the security
lo accept the things l can’t change,
the courage to change the things
I can, and the wisdom to liniJW
the difference (the mechanics Anonymctls prayer).
tiles, in large measure, to meet
the competition in salary and pi)sitlon offered by other institutions.
According to message, the college,
in several Crucial instances, has
done a great deal to keep people
here."
As lat as the specific departments are concerned, all of llia
processors interpreted felt that
their departments are stable; with
some expansion most of their academic small problems would be
solved; and that they are completely satisfied with the rlcpui
mental policy and the carrier oi
the faculty and students.
Dean James clause issued a Written statement to the ski! which
said that hardcover was at “the
normal level" from 1964-65 to 195566. srnuss cited .. Tlpl'over professional opportunity.” “desire to
teach ill a larger department in
to live iii an urban area," and
“more promising personal or professional notifications our other
grounds” as three reasons why
facility leave Grinnell.
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 15. I966
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AS THE ANCHOR LEG or
the mile relay in last Saturday‘s dual with Cornell began, Grinnall flash Jeri Langharn took the bacon horn
Bob Watt and had a slim lead
over Ray airport (above).
TENNIS MATCH
The Pioneer tennis team will
open their season Saturday with
a name meet against St, Olaf
and depending conference champion Carleton.
Coach buyers’ largely inexperienced squad will be led by
three leuermen with the other
spots probably going to sophomores. The batteries are senior
Mike Greenfield, who was on
the conference champion second
douglas team last year. and
seniors Elija picks and Dick
lovely.
GLASSES '
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3979
. J.lenses, OD.
orromemsr
Across from Post Office
Closed I'huvs. PM.
and Sat. P.M.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
airport. who had already
won both the [00 and 220.
yd. events, overcome Langharn in the backstretch, and
at one point held a lead or
eight yards, Langharn, how.
ever, due in and edges past
airport at the air. (below).
turning in a quarter-mile time
of 50.1, while helping his
templates to a 3z3l.l finish.
The Grinnell variety started
Cornell sol/2.39, while who
Pioneer rrashrnan triumphed
79-42.
 
GRINNELL CATCHER NICK NONAS puts the tag on a joe baserunner in the second game of
a doubleheader played on the Grinnell ball yard last Saturday. The Pioneers split for the day,
winning the first one on the fourrhit. shuttle matching of Steve billy. I-0. and losing the night.
cap l9-3. billy was just as tough with the shillelagh in his hand as he was with the seller
and his soupbone. He found the converter two out of three times at bat and won his own
game in the third by handling in Jim Stuart who had walked and advanced to second and
third on an error and a passed ball. The Grinnellians suffered their first and only loss thus
far in the season in the second game to the Kohawlrs, last year's Southern Division champions. In the thick of this garbage right builder Greg Dean collected three hits
in three trips including a triple. on Tuesday Coach robert's “group" traveler to lndianola
to take on the Simpson Redmen. After a little blood and pull, robert's “hand" finished in
the winning beat for their third win of this young season. The team really found the converter as Dean. Bob Seller, and Gary Wilson each founded out two hits. Dean's output included a bloody cameron (two Simpson players consider and were haspitalixedl and he was
also the winning kitchen. Captain John threshold was caught trying to lead off home plate
twice (stopped over plate while attempting to butt] and ‘l’lee second time the urnp explained. "You're out AGAIN!"
 
 
