Speakers dominant Senate Session
suggest, Thompson
Address Senators
By DICK CHADY
Student government ended a “bureauoratic but necessary" phase Wednesday
night by hearing final committee reports and special talks by President
suggest and Dean Thompson. About so
other students attended the session,
held Ill ARH auditorium, to hear the
two addresses.
After committee and cabinet reports,
President suggest told the group that he
was ending the year “wider but not
ladder.” Speaking inrormally and without notes, he discussed the live proc-
[sms faced by college treatments in geneva! and himself in particular.
The first problem is that of support.
suggest said that because students pay
billy 64.5 per cent of the total costs,
the remaining amount must come front
other sources. He said that what motivated persons to support the college
ls an interest in Grinnell as an bit-going
institution, not whether or not it suits
their notion of mobility Quality, not
cleaning conservative interests, is what
’ draws support in the long run.
The second problem he mentioned
PROBLEM— .
(Continued on Page 4)
'66 trade Will Hear
President at Pomona
Dr. E. Wilson Lynn, president of P0<
mono (valid) College, will deliver the
address Friday, May 27, at Grinnell's
ﬁrss outdoor announcement in history.
228 seniors will be candidates for
bachelor ct arts degrees at the traditional announcement Ceremonies,
which will be held at 2:30 p.m. on the
central campus green, The college
Forum and the Hall of Science will
provide the backdrop for the program.
In case of rain, the categories will
be moved indians to party symposium.
Baccalaureate services will be at 8
p.m. Thursday, May 25, in service
chapel with women Norton (history)
speaking
Lyon. who has headed Pomona for
the past 25 years, is a victorian who
COMMENCEMENTA
(Continued on Page 8)
THE SENATE Wednesday night heard President Glenn suggest give an "oil-the-cuif" state of the college dd- ,
dress. The talk was followed by a question and answer period. '
 
printer College
9mm
Oldest College Newspaper West or the Mississippi
 
Vol LXXll
élincoln, Iowa, Friday, May 13, me
No. 17
 
New Faculty Appointments
Made. Public
President suggest has announced the
appointment of eight new faculty members for next year, They are Marion G.
Vanfossen, associate professor of sociology; Robert H. salary, assistant
professor of English; Thomas H, Charlton, assistant professor of anthropology;
Karl T. belong, assistant professor of
biology; w. 9. Alexander, in, instead<
for in political science; and Ezra Men-
Tlre Year In Retrospect, 0r:
'Involvement v
it was a year or breaking in a new
president at Grinnell, a year that saw
government spend most of its year
proudly depending the status que in order to give the new president a chance
to get both root on the ground.
It was a year that saw the word “involvement" assume almost sacred pm
portions and nearly everyone wanted
nearly everyone else to get involved, A
group of helpful lreshmen even started
a committee based on involvement (The
Grinnell Committee for Student Involvement). Presumably they became so involved in other things that this committee quickly finished from the Grinnell
scene.
Anyway, in keeping with the theme of
involvement, another group of printer~
. Status duo'
loans (the specified Des points Project)
started work in the sluts section of Des
points. forward signs or progress were
few and whereas work over the summer
had been one of the early plans that idea
was dropped several weeks ago.
Meanwhile, back on campus, North
Campus, its problem and what or what
not to do about it nominated the local
scene.
With the spring came the new birth in
student government. Everyone wanted
change and no candidate ran on a platform at depending the status que. A consideration of committees were formed to
discuss everything from radio stations
to bookstores.
A complete wrap-up of student agreement, music, and theatre at Grinnell
this year as well as many pictures are
on pages 6 and 7.
By President
jelsoft, hazard M. merger, and Terry
M. Parssinen, instructors in history.
suggest said the college expects to an
nuunce the appointment of a new col
legs chaplain, instructors in Russian
and French, and an addition to the
men’s physical education staff in the
near future.
want‘often, who has a PhD. degree
from story University, has taught at
Pennsylvania State, Bucknell, and german Universities. He has a BA. from
Blackburn College and an MA. from
Pennsylvania State.
A member of the San Diego State College faculty the last three years, salary
holds a on. from Denisnn University
and an M.Ar and PhD. from the University of Chicago. He was a National
Merit Scholar and is a member of Phi
Beta happy.
Charlton has a BA. from the driver»
site of Toronto and a PhD. from Tulane
University. A Woodrow Wilson Fellow,
he has taught at Toronto the last two
years.
Also :1 Wilson Fellow, belong holds a
BA. from Oberlin College and a PhD.
from the University of California (Bern
kelly). Now on the simon faculty, he has
also taught on the Berkeley campus.
Alexander has a B.A. from Davidson
College and an MA. from Vanderbilt
University, and is a Ph.D. candidate at
the University of Rochester. He has
taught at Marshall University, the State
‘ NEW FACULTY—
(Continued on Page 4)
'Ad doc' Report
Given to Leggeti'
By BOB HODIERNE ‘1
The Ad doc Committee on Hall Reorganization this morning gave President Glenn suggest their recommendattiuns on the much mounted, much talked-about “North Campus Problem."
The proposals, which Steve Kent, SGK»
president and member ot the committee,
said are “relatively models structural
innovations and improvements.” suggest that the college adopt a system
thereby freshmen on North Campus
draw {or rooms at the end of their
freshmen year in much the same way
all women do on South Campus.
Alter drawing a room for their sophomore year, the male student would be
allowed to remain in that hall for the
rest ni his stay at Grinnell provided he
wanted to. The proposals suggest liberal- _
izmg the process by which a student can
move from one hall to another.
The proposals to suggest say this
new system would “have an effect upon
the closed-society aspects of some of the
men's calls without describing their
traditional integration and seltegoverning independence."
Kent, in commentary on this part or
the proposal, said that it “will not dis«
rupt in any appreciated way the living
patterns developed by present men std:
cents." .
suggest will now consider these proposals — for they are no more than pmposals — and then make the final decision as to what action, it any, should be
‘AD HOC’— 1
(Continued on Page 5)
.—__4
ADDRESS HEREl
log 653110;)
women‘d 9! iqnd
 
charles and Black
GRIMNELL COLlEGE
trim-ll. low-
a weekly newspaper published mil Friday or the col.
lose ml by the oriuueu Cbmmllee on Student Public.umuReprﬁenter for napalm udvenising by national Adveruslu Service. run, college hihlisnus u resolution,
)3 2.53m: Street, am; ymkszzgsgx. Sewn cpu: posingsp : trim. own. u ricinnnu 5.00 1
normal yea. um mid iuuscdpriom. P W
has nudist:
Humid run
...__.A!u| mind
ill-nil- cams
Save (259,
[Um MANAGR
ASSOCIATE :nnoa
can EDITOR
man. cum"
may‘non human
Ahml‘lsml; ASSIS'KANI‘ V m
moms-Arm Scot: Inn-Inn, mu on u. no. wait
mu, hub rt mu. um,
, Nlﬂl, up“ humor, JI-e mm,
1W soon. und- socks Jun monica. 13ny wow.
Editorial . . .
The Draft
F Tomorrow morning many Grinnell men —- like so
many college men around the country - will take a
test to determine Whether or not they are valuable
enough to the country not to be granted. The Selective
‘Service determine of students is a wonderful thing. If
you’re smart enough, healthy enough, and just plain
lucky enough to be in school, you get deferred. if
you’re too stupid, too poor or too unlucky, you get
granted.
,l When the Selective Service system runs out of
hon-college people the next step is to line everyone
up, look them over, and refer those with blond hair
and blue eyes.
[North Campus
'l After a year of talk the discussion of the North
Campus problem moved into its final stage this morning. The Ad doc Committee on Hall Reorganization
submitted its proposals to President suggest. press—
sent suggest is now faced wto the task of making the
final decision with regard to the structure of hall life
at GrinneLl.
When President suggest came to Grinnell in the
fall he had heard in advance from administrators that
the style of life on North Campus left much to be- desired. One of his first experiences here was engagement. The students there skilled on the problems at
Grinnell (after all, that was the idea, to find solutions
to problems). Anyway, President suggest came away
from all of this with the feeling that there was something really wrong with North Campus and that strip—
rural changes could remedy this situation.
Early in the year, then, he started action to participate change in hell life. Committees were formed,
discussions held and letters written. With each passing
committee meeting the administration became more
committed to a change of some kind.
As the year more on, however, President suggest
became more convinced that perhaps the extent of the
problem on North Campus had been somewhat exaggerated. Perhaps, it was felt, the problems at Grinnell
'women’t the result of any structural flat and perhaps
everyone was looking in the wrong place for the answer. Wednesday night when the President spoke to
the Senate this feeling was made clear and his tone
was almost apologetic with regard to the North bangbus problem.
We worlds't be a bit surprised — or diseases ~—
lf the final decision on the North Campus Problem detailed even less change than suggested by the ‘Ad doc‘
Committee. Perhaps then we can look for the more
Subtle causes of the problems at Grinnell.
SCARLET'AND BLACK
Letters . ..
Chaplain Answers
To the Editor:
Reporting about the many complex issues
discussed at the recent ACM complaint and
counseling Conference was a didﬁcult job and
kathy Jones did well at it (Ed Note: Last
week's 511.3, Page i), but a shortening of the
context of some at the Views expressed, particles—ly about faculty immaturity, has led
to serious misunderstanding.
The reactions of [equity to students questions about sex was one of the main topics of
the Conference, and the viewpoint that faculty
responded immaturely was strongly expressed,
The issue is discussed in may )humans and
columns, and the consensus is that faculty do take Ii rather aneslded, academic viewpoint up the problem. My observations pi
{equity behavior It Grinnell and elsewhere
lead me to believe that college teachers and
administrators generally she away from dealing with the problem, are embarrassed by it,
and are more easily accused to extreme available reactions when the problem is pressed
upon them than corresponding professional
groups I have known, These are classic ex—
questions of what we call immaturity, and the
behavior can be detected in men in their 50‘s
as well as among assessments. But please resolve me of the View that a faculty is "the
most creature segment oi society."
Some faculty do face me questions: mo
many prefer to avoid them, recreation into
“my specialty” or across the “necessary distance between professor and puppy.” When
something as fundamental and universal as
human sexuality is involved, I regard such
available reactions as signs of immaturity,
no matter how old the persons are. But the
point is not to lake pot-shots at processors: in
keep this whole issue balanced we must notice
that many students are south to admit that
they have sex problems. The point is lo develop an intelligent strategy by which students
can gain willing and knowledgeable adult
leadership towards better understanding of
the Whole range of the physical and emotional
aspects of human sexuality.
Such leadership should not be expected
from college processors (during avoiding sessions on course registration, nor should processors be forced into Conversations which
make them academy embarrassed, but there
should be some time and leadership all me
College for such conversations. My impression is that faculty who are personally embarrassed by such questions are the very
ones who lake the position that the College as
a whole has no business becoming involved
with students' sex problems. I certainly grant
an individual professor the right not to be ex—
based to threatening embamssmeuis, but i
believe the general position just described lo
be unrealistic, irresponsible, and educationally
selirdefeallng . , , The residential on go
should lake advantage of HS in logo on
a level higher than parenting When flu»
cents see processors she away from sex questions the result is a reinforcement of the
ethic that sex is variety dirty and box in be
discussed among refined people, or the ethic
that sex behavior has no moral or social
implications at all. I don’t believe that many
faculty members enlarge either point or View.
yes both seem to be independently promoted
here. EducationalIy, no single factor is man
effective in interesting with studying and dis.
tracking from the intellectual work of the college than being (in the untranslatable idiom)
hung up on sex. processors at residential cal—
pages who refuse to consider this problem a
part or their responsibility not only indices
a certain immaturity (problem available)
but also a had sense 01 educational tactics. it
is as important [0 know students as it is to
know the discipline, l1 me object is to gel Khlwo somewhere
Solutions? in the absence of more pilot
live and widespread Lacuky responsibility
and involvement, one solution is to press {or
more professional controlling services, so
that there will be less reliance and less prev-
Friiliw, my I). ma
sure no faculty members who are neither prepared our willing to get involved. SGA could
do many inexpensive things to develop focus'icular Speakers and Well-led discussions
I think that We all, students and faculty alike,
are more Victorian and conservative in our
treatment of the issue of sex than We realize.
At an institution designed lo apply the taxi4
cum of rational thought and moral sensitivity
to me nature at man and his physical and social world, it is too bad to see so little conservative attention paid to something so fundamental as human sexuality at a time when
student attitudes toward sex are in great ﬂux
and when technological progress (the pill) so
basically waters the terms cl an arnold de-
date.
Roger L. Eldridge (ch-plain)
haven No. I
To me Elihu:
The pressing need for privacy among stud
cents has received considerable attention In
recent weeks, with most students agreeing
that such it need does exist They are always
careful to add, however, that the desire to be
alone with someone does not of necessity eulail an intention to induced in sexual relations.
Undoubtedly this is true in many cases, perhaps the majority. But why will no one admit
that there are couples on campus who are
multiﬁed in wanting to be alone for sexual red
sons? Most people seem to feel that pre mark<
law sex is a sorted matter that Should be discretion ignored or discussed as a campus job
her. Undoubtedly there are many students
who, for various reasons, are wise to explain
from pre - capital interactive, Certainly
there are also students who unlikely have pr€martial relations. But why are most people
unable to see that the choice is an individual
matter? There actually are couples on mine
put who are able in disregard conventional
moves without trauma, who have taken; adequate predictions against pregnancy, and who
ﬁnd that sexual interactive is a meaningful
and pleasurable way to express their love [or
each other. To ignore the fact that such relationships exists lo foster a society that
erecis artificial barriers between people. if
trust and Open communication better in<
divisions Can’t begin until a contract is
signed, can we really expect them to begin
after that? - »
A haven-failed Coed
haven No. 2
An kde to In Anonymous ill-G Employee
Let us go then, you and X,
With the dawn shipping through the streets
upon llie say,
Like two patients inherited upon a table:
Let us go, through certain hall-reserved
streets.
The gathering requests
0f 3&5 men in [hair daily rounds
Checking to see no student’s out of sounds:
Streets that follow like a serious argument
of religious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question .
on, do not ask “where were you?"
l'll think of something else to do.
in llie Quad the women come and go
Talking of all their many Beaux.
And indeed there will be time
To wonder, “do I dare?” and “do I dare?"
Time to turn back and percent the state
Emerging mostly from some young :talent’!
hair.
Do i dare
history the universe!
Shall I say,
I have gone at dawn through narrow roads
And watched the com that risks from I11!
ﬁend.
Of woman: in nhirlsleeves, leading out at
burns? . . .
grid alter all . . .
April is the cruelest month. . .
Amuymoui N.Y. Coed
 
Friday. May 13, mt
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page rim
 
too y Will leave for Colorado;
Taught Here for Twelve Years
By JUDY SCOTT
“You might say I lm leaving Grinnell because leaving is so didﬁcult,"
commented Dick Baay (German) "The
further almg in any business the deeper
this roots grow and these have been
very good and exciting years lot me,"
daily has recently accepted the dip
treatment of chairman In the deparb
ment of German and Russian at Col0v
rado College in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He will begin his new job in the
June summer session. A replacement
appointment at Grinnell will not be
made until later next year. The present German department members will
drop any outside loads, such as Humanities courses, to temporarily fill in the
vacant place left by Baay.
Outside of his role as professor, Baay
has been personally involved in campus
occupational Relations and Chapel activities, In regard to these areas he
sees that a time of change is coming.
“Na progmm,” he said, ”can go for
a long time without awareness setting in
somewhere.
"The 'Fifth Year Abroad’ is due for
registration. The last now years have
Shown a shopping oil of participants,
partly because of the number entering
the Pace Corps and because crime“
always has a large number of client:
lot gmduate war ."
Buy has shared Ilia pulpit sweral
times title Chaplain Roger Eldridge
ma participated in the Board pl Ra-
ATTINTION
1!“ GRADUATE!
h.v.
pr»;
main; is was." in tin yet. o."
insulin nov-lopm-ut Ptogmn nu
qu-lllv you. Send your complex re»
turn. la: M. ll And-can. cartoon-i
director. City Nation-l Ilnlr i
Trust Co... roll. Ind send avenue.
K-mu City. Minouri NHL
regions student and faculty discussions.
This areas major content ho felt is
"to find the administration's point of
view on the role the college chapel play:
in education and how it can help tin
college's image to the outside work
Ho added that an appointment for ll
new college chaplain should not be
made until student and administrative
desired are made clear.
Looking back over his 12 yours at
channels, daily stated that the perspective was not really sufficient to common! an any major changes in student
attitudes He did say that ”with the Bali—
are of students at Grinnell there should
be evident more intellectual percent
and independent. study
“This need not be promoted by institutionaliztng independent study as a
part at the curriculum,” continued delay,
“but both students and faculty should
lake it upon themselves As it is, students do talk about it but they she
away from it."
Reasons for this lack at independent
study, Baay felt, was the great amount
or energy and motivation needed and
the time element which may be lack<
aug at Grinnell tn allow for successful
independent work. H such work could
ever become an integer part oi the
putpos. her. it would tourism, h.
lined,
“lr any curriculum reconstruction were to M done, the water- or
the senior year,” commented lady,
“also need: primary “tuition."
'l’ve enjoyed and gained it great deal
while here 1nd l'vs seen print-J! gm
ind improve in a variety of ways," ho
said.
“Without necessarily comparing it
with other institutions. it med: to g.
on taking A hard look at its total pro—
gray just in order to keep alive. I
think students should play the greater
part in participating in the planning of
changes. Th: faculty does not prevent
them. i would list: to sea them concern
themselves, not with lesser issues as
open-opens and parking lots. but with
the more substantial elements of trim
well.”
 
ONE DAY ONLY
Friday, May 20th
LONDON GRAFICA ARTS
presents an exhibition and sale
original. photographs.
exchange. wood cu’rs
Dc: under
Carzou july
toronto
Renoir
Rouaull
Wright Leaves for seminars
Alter His Year at Grinnell
Edward C. Wright (philosophy and religion) will terminals soon his seminar
work at Grinnell—work which has extended far outside the Sunday chapel
services,
“lnterchang: with the small groups,"
commented Wright, “has made the lists my being here.” he referred to his
active involvement with colleagues,
study groups, faculty discussions, the
Board of Religion, French club, the Des
dollar project and REACH. Above all,
he has helped to alternate the langrfelt
need for controlling at Grinnell.
Wright commented that he was
”amazon at how Eldridge had gotten
along," and that perhaps a permanent
thomas operation was needed — if not
another chaplain, some other means at
controlling.
His whole purpose or being at Grinnell.
Wright stated. was to get to know the
students. He has made a Very strong
connection between Sunday services and
communication With people during the
Week.
“Good dialogue should be carried on
among students, faculty and chaplain
for the relatiomhip between chapel service: and the community to have its optimum effect," he said,
He observed that the worship service
could be improved, students and faculty
becoming more informed and expressed.
or their opinions and wants.
“Worship is something built on I addition and reported in the contemporary
idiom," ha said. He commented that thChapel committee had started a responsible leevnluation of this problem.
Thu most meaningful server. during
the year Wright round to in the Jewish
order, held in partner lounge during thJewish discover. HI felt I most awards
“the joyful spirit oi delegation” expressed than would be a worthwhile goal
for Sunday chapel. Also ha observed that
community has not been a pan of the
chapel fur a long time.
“If people are serious at all about being christian there is something in the
community that brings them together,"
he stated. “A strong understanding it!
tradition will help any search that students may be making and which centers
around Sunday morning service."
Wright heads soon for recover NewtoTheological School ut Newton Center,
Mass, to work toward a masters degree
in sacred theology Following this n
will begin “long range" parish not-k.
Parking lot Problem
Faces Further Study
Plans for the addition ul parking facilities nn the Grinnell campus will receivlurther study as a result at student pm
tests and meetings with administrative
officials.
All materials have been removed from
the area, which was to have been concerned to a 20-sp'due parking lot, and
the only turner action there will be is
the removal of the tree stamp which
provided within facilities for student processors.
A meeting of President Glenn suggest
and students trips Kennedy, Susan Kiss.
Linda jefferson, and Dick Wickstrom
resulted in the promise that plans for
parking facilities would be resources
and that no actual work toward the completion or me lots would be done ovuthk summer.
During the meeting, suggest states
that he was pleased with student concern twel- the beauty of the campus. and
hoped that this concern would monica!
itself in regard to walking on the grass.
the possibility of other parking mm
are now being considered, including thpossibilities of lots on land surrounding
the college.
However, the possibility oi a lot in n
' position comparable to the protected lot
is being discouraged. Associate Dean
Richard centers, in discussing possiblareas, stated, “I would not favor any
term of encroachment upon central campus areas for the purpose or pat-king,"
 
Mid/HM
The nasty Paslry Shop
 
TEAR OUT THIS All!
You heard use Tear it out so you
won’t forget Ahrv’s big sale next
Thursday, May 19. That’s right. In order to help cure your finals week
blues, ultra inn’t just bringing in extra help (though he’s doing that too).
He’s also having a 10% off sale on
Maillol Toulouse~Laulrec
Picasso Van longer
and many other: moderators priced
Chagall
all ideas soltlThursda night.
massage P y a
AHRV"
nirvana's Pizza
235-5121
Main Hall —partner Lounge
9 AM. - 5 PM. Free Delivery
 
Page 'Four
b New Faculty
(Continued from Page 1)
University of New York (Bi-ockpoi-t),
and Rochester.
A third Wilson Fellow, Meltrlelsohii
has a B.A. from the University of pennsylvania and an MA. from Columbia
University and is a Ph.D. candidate at
Columbia. He has also studied at He«
crew University in Jerusalem and is
currently teaching at Brooklyn College.
The recipient of both Wilson and Fillhright Fellowships, Mei-gen holds a
BA. from the University of Nevada and
an MA. from the University of PennsylVania. He has taught at the University
of Pennsylvania, University or notebook (Sweden) and the community College of philadelphia.
Parssinen received his B.A. from Grinhell in l963 and has done graduate work
at Brandeis University.
Announced earlier was the apps‘nb
ment or Richard A. Walker and Raymond Dbermiller as assistant processors
SCARLET AN D BLACK
service Works Displayed
Richard Cei‘dicke (art), is one of 50
artists invited to exhibit a painting at
tlte Slst National Midyeitr Show at the
butler institute of American All In
Youngstown, Ohio, billy 3 . September 5.
In addition to the paintings by the so
invited participants, 250 contemporary
oils and water colors submitted by artists
of the United States and territories will
be selected for showed
of physical education for men. Both will
also serve as athletic coaches.
Walker received his BA. from Grinnail in 1956, holds a master’s degree
from South Dakota State University.
and is currently working toward his
PhD. at Colorado State College.
Obermiller was graduated from iowa
State University, has his master’s de
free from the University of South Da.
kota, and has also done additional graduate Work.
BME'S FLOWERS
1012 Broad
Fh. 236-3197
 
TYPEWRITER
*
STORAGE
*
Again this year we will be able to accept typewriters for tree storage.
May we suggest you have your typewriters reconditioned over the
summer and be all ready to go next fall for a ~school year of hard
usage? Our service is guaranteed. Your pathology is .lists apparel-
steel.
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
(ADVERTISER IN 5&8 IN EVERY tSSUE SINCE I953)
Across from the Post Office
 
Store Clothes
Take Your storage Clo’rhes
To panel’re would and
are’cohen prefer on
Soul-l1 Campus.
On North Campus
brake 'l‘her +0
'John threshold and Tim Daily.
MEEKER LAUN - DRY CLEANERS 3
”11V: blood Sh. ﬁrlnnellplow‘g 50111
(Continued from Page 1)
was that ol faculty quality, suggest said
that while Grinnell can be proud of its
quality, it must also accept the idea
31 mobility oi (equity members. He
noted the increasing competition for academicians, especially in the large educa<
signal systems oi california, New York“
and Massachusetts.
Drew a Laugh
“Student culture" was the third problem. He drew daughter from the audience when he announced that he had
returned from the engagement “convinced that the Whole place would have
to be cleaner out.” But after 5 study
of the residence calls he found it “impossible to generation“ and that things
were “reasonably well civilized.”
Students should not expect radical
changes in the fourth area: the cunt
culum. suggest said that the process or
curriculum revision is long and involved,
and that the college “needs to find an
approach to curriculum study” 11 e t 0 re
changes can be made.
He discussed the difficulty ot changing the common idea oi progress
throughout the four years. That prev
press is usually seen in terms of rehabilitation in (he first year, followed
by increasing specialization in the latter
three years. suggest suggested that the
last year should concentrate more on
interdisciplinary study in order to "make
possible a run sampling of the richards
ol the liberal arts program here.” The
new credit-tall procedure is a step in
this direction, he said.
The final problem to be discussed was
that of administrative structure. suggest
briefly outlined the roles that new personnel in the offices or planning, development. and the Dean of Women Will
play next year.
suggest concluded by saying that he
was “deeply committed to the idea of
a community” and that he was confident that “we can develop a style of
discussion that will allow us to solve
our problems."
Question Everything
He said that students ought to question
everything—but that “the style of que5winning controls the kind of college that
results” and that “if we continue in the
way we have started we will have a
good year next year.”
Dean Thompson also spoke at the
meeting, but over a much narrower
subject: the draft. He said that it is
college policy to “leave as many choices
as possible open.”
Thompson explained that Grinnell had
been reporting the academic status or
male students as a matter of courtesy
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
”WI. 235-371,
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIS‘I‘
Antoni min PM} 0m“
brand "Inn, I
' . ind 51!.
'as the
Friday, May ii, was
until selective service changed its solid
cy to ask additional tumor-nation, where.
url “SSS-109" forms merely
required certification of at students ”dealtime attendance and good standing,” the
newer forms asked for academic standing and rank in class.
Grinnell’s policy is midway between
the extremes oi suppliers all intervention or suppliers no information, in that
students are allowed to select which in.
formation will be supplied to their draft
boards. Thompson cited a survey or the
Associated Colleges of the Midwest
which revealed that three schools sent
ranksinclass information automatically,
two sent it unless requested otherwise,
and time sent it only it requested by
the student.
Letter With SSS-109
Thompson said that Grinnell might at:company a partially - incomplete “SSS109“ form with a letter explaining that
(a) it was the student's responsibility
to report his class-standing, (b) that the
college respectively requested attention
be given to as many other factor. as
possible, in that even Gt'iririell students
in the lower quarter of their class were
making satisfactory progress toward a
degree, The letter would explain that at
“C” average is required before a student is allowed to Continue his studies.
The only Senate business was to receive the ﬁnfl reports at the transferred
lion, admissions, curriculum and bookstore committees. In most cases the
committees had only been able to do
preliminary work in their short substances. However, the Senate did approve
the recommendation of the radio committee (changed by Greg server) that
the college advocate $2835 to establish
an AM station next year,
“Bureaucratic but Necessary”
In their final reports to the Senate,
the Cabinet officers agreed with Karen
Lauterbach that work this spring had
been “bureaucratic but necessary." Miss
Lanterbach said that the AWS board
had concerned itself with room draw.
inns, orientation, hall improvements, information to lreshmeii and had begun
E major project: the evaluation of women’s hours.
Dan Bucks, Speaker of the Senate,
said that most of the Senate’s work had
been of a “preliminary nature" but that
there had never before been so many
committees exploring so broad a range
of topics.
Steve Kent concluded the reports by
saying that the “organizational phase" oi
student government was ending. He said
that there has been a ”general removal
of interest and enthusiasm“ on Campus,
and that student government was new
active in “long-reflected areas Ol con.
corn." “In a brief period or time he
have set a record or accomplishment
or which we can all be proud.”
 
Friday, May I}. I?“
SCARLEI ‘ND BLACK
Page Fin
 
The Liberal Liberal Arts College and Its Students: Part III
 
Antioch Seen As periodically ﬁend-Edi?
ED. NOTE: The third — and final «
involvement oi “The Liberal Liberal
Arts College and its Students" is written by Ralph genes, a junior at Antioch College and the comment Manager there. He writes of an “overall" college and the problems “in
paradise” that exist there
Antioch College has periodically heeii
all otldrball schools in the early 1550's
Horace (“Be assumed to die until you
have won some victory for humanity")
Mann norfolk his physician New England
employment to come to the contain
oi Yellow Springs, Ohio, and become
Autioch‘s first president. At that time,
in addition to academic excellence, Atltioch sponsored in such areas as cited
and interracial education. In the early
1520's Arthur Morgan and this noted
engineer, christopher, and educated al.
most singlehandedly restored Antioch
as a leading occupational college. The
experiments he initiated included a Compulsory work-study plan for all students,
a general education rather than election
program, widespread independent study,
and much more. today, Antioch’s educational and social program might be
turned unusual in the tollnwmg areas:
1) Cooperative Education: Placing
heavy emphasis on the iiiterrelaiedness
oi “Real Life students, “Real Lite,” and
academic work, Antioch requires all
students (not just technical or physical
science motors) to work on jobs located
by the college for every other quarter in
a ﬁve year, year-round program. "loop jobs” range from running copy in
a newspaper office to setting up adult
education programs in Canadian mining
camps; front interview for senators to
working [01' Civil Rights. The description
or a “valid work experience" is quite
flexible and a variety oi jobs or independent projects can quality.
2) Free Social Environment: Antioch
contents that students mature best. in
the least restricted environment. therefore, restrictions are kept to minimal
standards and regulations which give the
students wide latitude to set their own
pattern oi lite. Women have no special
rules, form instrumentation is permitted
almost half the hours or the day and
political activity is barely regulated.
However, some regulation such as those
against deficit sexual relations on campus
property and against illegal dnig uses
are viewed as minimal and essential. The
PAGlIAI'S
PIZZA
Now Serving
CHICKEN
SPAGHETTI
SHRIMP
highway 6-12
FREE DELIVERY
To Hull 'courses Only
PIZZA SERVED
4-1 Mon-SAT.
4-12 sun.
PHONE
236:5331
limitations which d0 exist are left large
iy up to peer enforcement through a farreaching Honor System.
3) community Government: in 1926 a
group at farsighted insurgents suspended
in publishing student government and replacing it with joint studenirlacultyralh
registration community govemmentt
Community Council composed of six std<
cents and three faculty elected at large
has jul‘function in the general area at
“Community Livmg”, They have control
over “Hall Hours” (instrumentation times),
most community standards, and the honor system, Community Government also
has a bookstore, newspaper, radio station, $100,000 budget, and several employees including a community manager,
business manager, bookstore manager,
radio station manager. etc.
4) Student Participation in Governance:
Following some years oi animation, by
the early 1940’s students had achieved
the right to sit on all major faculty com<
matters, including Administrative Council which, With six faculty and three students (elected), makes the college’s may.
or ongoing policy decisions in such areas
as budget, faculty centre and carry<
culum. Two to [our students also sit on
all administrative committees in areas
ranging from student centre to faculty
development, and admissions to cum?
culum revision. Students normally are
included in new faculty screening committees, departmental review boards,
and groups considering new buildings.
In addition they played a major role in
initiative, planning and executive Arltiochs new First Year Program:
5) The New First Year programs
For the past year Antioch has had a radi<
calls new approach to education for
freshmen. New students are not required
to attend classes but instead can Voluntarily attend special seminars and “pre
situations." Each treshmao is placed in
a ”preceptoral group" provided over by
a processor who is a sort of combined
} ’Ad doc’
(Continued (mm Page 1)
taken in changing the residence hall
system.
One suggestion that did not appear to
the proposals was senior or treatment
directories. That concept was rejected
as being “both unrealistic and unavailable,” according to Kent.
With regard to resident advisors on
North Campus the proposals call for
“some adult concern and effort." Kent
said that could be interpreted as meaning maintaining the current number of
residents but having them work in a different manner.
The proposals also reportedly contain
an extensive list at physical improve.
meets needed on North Campus.
At the start oi the proposals the Ad
doc Committee listed their goals. They
BIB:
“a. An environment in the residence
calls conducted to a student’s best dear
comic performance.
“b, A social atmosphere that will per‘
mit young men and women to teélisa
their group and individual responsibility.
”c The freedom for the individual to
term. close friends event number of
years of ball associations and the chance
to choose a variety of living experiences."
[inn teacher, dean, advisor and father
figure, and a student preceptoralrtellow
who helps out, With the assistance oi his
processor and (allow the freshman works
out a study plan, There are no grades in
this program—only evaluations.
Most of the above sounds like a press
agent's delight and probably stress Wide
or a realistic, balanced picture, There
is trouble in paradise, and none DI the
good things at Antioch are without their
price. To even our:
1) The cooperative program has remained virtualy exchanges in 4!) years
time and many question whether simply
“going out on jobs” meets totals com—
alex educational needs. To be told that
your three boring months spent empire
ing weapons in a hospital was a “growing
experience” is not always clothing. Still,
the variety oi experience available under
the cool plan surprised almost any
{are available at more traditional institutions.
2) No matter how free Antioch’s social
environment is relative to other schools,
many rail against the restrictions which
do exist — the sex standard, closing fails
at midnight, etc These remaining limitations are regarded by many as an
itilringement or the individual’s right to
total autonomy. The Honor System is
isolated with too frequent regulation by
too many. But the general ireedoro and
competitive social system do frequently
produce remarkable growth in Antioch.
fans.
3) Though Community Government
does have more power than most student
governments, and does have really (it
sometimes resistant) facility particles—
tion, it is definitely student oriented and
is often controlled with company apache
as anywhere. interest and participation
go up and down from quarter to quarter
and issue t0 issue.
4) Though Students do participate more
broader and at a high level at modern—
once than almost any other institution
manager: Pick
Four Members
Diana Brown, betty Power, leg
price and karen Zimmerman were chosen new members of managers for 196%
67 following recent tribute.
The women‘s often will be completed
with returning members, finger Clark,
Sun Schaeier. Cris johnson, and press<
sent—elect Susan Rice.
in the country, students are in a diversity- on all major policy committees. There
are deﬁsite, it often observe, limits on
their inﬂhence, Having dealt with student participants for decades, Antioch
bureaucrats have developed an similar
bee facility for generally getting what
they want, even it delayed occasionally
by the instructions oi the democratic
process. However, student participation,
it not always resulting in direct influence,
does force a wider perspective on administrative proposals, and gives std<
cents an opportunity to work on programs as equals with older community
members.
5) Many on the faculty are not too
happy about the First clear Program
for a variety or reasons ranging itorii
specific complaints to a general c movement to more traditional to
methods. Having gone through a year
at an almost total commitment to free»
dom, “random access", “mixed media
presentations”, etc. The First Year Pr0<
gray now finds itself retrenching for
survival against critics and its own are
census. As with any new approach, the
second year is often the best.
The above is Antioch, but it inn't. It
dress’t catch the cards, motorcycles,
the Wild dresses (“Antiochians no longer wear clothes, only costumes"), the
appliances, the concentrations, the v12
tality, the tracked. it missed the create
ibm, the hanging, the darkness, the creek
tivity, the drugs, the commitment.
Antioch is a mutant — an urban grant
on a country town gaming all the strength
and businesses that this implies. it is a
place you love for its novelty in your
ﬁrss year, learn to hate with a disillusioned passion in your second, and grow
to love again With a more desperate
perspective in your third year. it is a
bittersweet college, paying for exagge
rated virtual with giant size adults. But
in the end Antioch can't be explained,
it can only be felt,
Student Art Sale
A sale of student art work will he
held tomorrow 1mm 1 to 5 pm. and 1
to 9:30 p.m. in the South Lounge.
items for sale will he iron-i both the
student exhibition and other class works
Kinds or art available include correct,
jewelry, water colors, oil paintings,
prints, sculpture, and drawings. The art.
ists maintain that prices will be reasonable.
 
SUPPLIES
For All Your
SMOKING
muscle Down To The
* VARSITY, . ;
”7 Bread
 
rage Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Status Nothing To Qua About
As New SGA Wind: Up Year
The year was not a spectacular one for the star Except for
the week before the convention
this spring, student government
continued normal operations,
largely out of Sight and out of
mind for the campus at large,
The engagement was held in
September, when to students
and 20 faculty and administration members “requested" to a
church camp near phone, They
spent two days discussing campus problems, with attention
centered on the North Campus
Problem.
Partimpaltts expressed code
corn over the lack of majority
and responsibility on North
Campus, and made several suggestions to change the residence
hall system. Other suggestions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
at; , ' may
BILLY Kl
were (a) a pass-fail system
,(this was partially adopted
later), (h) a syllabus for each
nurse. and (c) more corporations to increase faculty-student
contact,
The North campus Problem
‘nominated the discussion at the
engagement and participants
presented their reports to students at a coffee hour in October. There was enthusiastic debate over the problems of and
solutions for North Campus for
nearly an hour among 100 std-
‘cents at the meeting.
IlillllliilillliiiiIIliiilllliiilllliiiiilliiiiillliiiillliiiiillliiiilliiiiilliiulh
D. M. Project:
No outside
Illliiilllliiiiillliiiilliiiilllliiiillliiiiilltiiiillliiiilllliiiilliiiiillliiilllliii
» Also in October the Senate reset, by a vote oi 17-3, to an
reprints any money for the
es points Project. The main
injection was that this would
mount to using student social
ends to subscribe a political
program.
The North Campus Problem
.was again brought to the attention of students when SGA
President Jerry forward Visited houseniectings to calculate
a petition. forward obtained 830
signatures on the petition, which
rejected to the way in which
students were being excluded
from decisionrmaking on residence hall changes forward
presented the petition to President suggest, who commented
that he had “every intention"
of consulting students before he
made any changes.
iiilliiiiiIIiiiillliiiiilliiiiiIIiiiillliiiilllliiilllliliillliiiillliiillliiiiilliiiiil
Thurston Bids
CoiHP firewall
lIIliilllllililliliilliiiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiiillliiiilliiiiilliiiilllli
In December the Senate received the designation of Paul
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thurston, soil-1P President, who
said that he was “not as registered or as pessimistic" as
his predecessors in their [arewell speeches. Thurston, who
left to spend second semester
working and studying in Costa
Rica, offered his conclusions
about the North Campus Problem and the operation or the
CofHP, Nle songs took over as
soil-1P President.
in January the SGA turned
introspective and, after much
debate, reorganized itself.
Jerry forward proposed to replace the Senate with a joint
CofHP—AWS Council. forward
argued that the change would
increase efficiency and put responsibility for rule changes
within those groups that were
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"ﬁe
NG (center) here leads discussion or the Des points project at one of its ﬁrss
organizational meetings. King, a complexity worker. was based in Des points this year
leading rent strikes in the ”Bottom" area, a sium section of iowa's capital. The Des points
Project provided financial support and acute help throughout the year. and ran a fast to
raise money.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
' friday. May I3. not
 
 
 
A HEADACHE FOR SOME. +he SGA convention this year
was the highlight of student government activities. George
Witigroi. piece thunder and Steve Kent went into conven<
icon.w1iigrat and Kent came our. ‘
most directly concerned with
enforcement.
But the Senate l'caused to abolisll itself. After depending forward’s proposal it sent the matter to committee and finally
voted to (a) return to the old
Senate, with two members from
each hall, (b) reestablish the
post of Speaker, and (0) allow
only the soil-ll> and ass Board
to propose rule changes.
iiiiiliiiiiiilliiiiilliiiiillliiiiilliiiilllililllliiiillliiiiillliiiilliiiiillliiilliii‘
SGA Convention
browser Interest
‘llliiiillliiiillliiiillliiiiiIIiiiiilliiiiillliiiillliiiiillliiiillliiillliiiulliiilli
in February the campus became involved in student government politics during the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOME GRINNEiLIANS demonstrated their commitment to the outside world by attending the November Peace March in fascinating pictures is Dave Gibson.
week before convention. The
[our candidates (piece Kent,
Dan Bucks, Steve thunder and
George Wittgrat) visited calls
and discussed the issues of Silk
sent apache and involvement.
All agreed that open forms and
Women's hours should be extended, and that the North Campus Problem should be kept out
oi politics.
Tlii-ee candidates went to convention, along with the Eyebrow and Batman, (Dan Bucks
was forced to withdraw for personal reasons.) The convention
only listed two balloon, as Steve
Kent pulled 140 votes after re
ceiling only 15 on the first ballot. George Wittgrai also ex»
needed the amount necessary to
navigate, and thunder withdrew. throwing his support to
Kent.
Kent was elected by a Vote
of 565-234, or 71%. The transition in government was made
early in Mar-ch, when Jerry
forward made his firewall
speech. He deferred his admin—
isolation a g a i ns t anonymous
critics who charged that it had
been a “status-que" governments.
iiilliiiiiililiiilliiiiiilliiiiiiiliiiiiilliiiiiilliiiiilliiiilllti‘iiiliiiiiiiliiiiilli
tools, Laulerhuch
CofHP, AWS
IiilIIiiiillIIiiilIIiiiiiilllliiilllliiiilllliiiiiiliiiiillliiiillliiiillllliiiilliiiii
In other elections, Bob tools
detected D on scratch for
soil-1P President (Les mail was
forced to Withdraw [or academic reasons), and Karen Lanterbach detected Kathy wagon for
the AWS Board providence.
in April the new Kent administration attempted to interest
students in extra-curriculum ac
duties by holding a coffee hour
with eight other organic ons,
to explain opportunities {or in—
voices‘newly In the Senate, Dim
Bucks was nominated to be
 
buddy. May I3. I9“
ICARLET AND BLACK
Page Sun
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
’ r
THE towers-r salt in several years was to pages long and devoted eight pages io a study
of poverty in Chicago, Des points and Grinnell. pictures above is ex»edit‘or John wolf
and Jean Vendervoori intervention a woman in the "doctors" district‘ in Des points.
Speaker, the position he helped
to create.
7 The North Campus Problem
began to be related again when
the faculty approved the recommendations of its Executive
Council. They suggested that
freshman forms be established,
that iipperclassmen estate be
green calls. and that the Senate
be replaced with a joint soil-KPAWS Council.
Student reaction was not favorites. Two-things of those who
responded to an 5&8 poll said
there was no North Campus
Problem. Respondents w e r e
also 371 against freshman forms,
upperclass rotation and paid en<
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
workers, Those who felt there
were problems cited a lack of
mature atmosphere on campus,
a lack of mobility and an excess
oi damages.
lllllltillllllllllllililllllltlllltlilllliltllllilllllliIIlllliilllllllillllililllllilli
Student Role
In Decisions
illllllllllllIIlllllilillltlttlllliltllllillllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllti
Students (or at least Student
government) were taken into
the deCision-making process by
the creation of the Ad doc Committee on l-call Reorganization.
Steve Kent Visited calls to eur
plain the committee and to ask
        
GRINNELL‘S EIGHTH PRESIDENT is Glenn Leggeii. who
book oiiiee in September. Leggel‘t's style has been in expensive increased student-administration communication.
for student opinions, several or
which were received.
The committee met during
April and May and made its
recommendations to President
suggest this morning.
The new Senate and Cabinet
established several committees
to study and make recommendations Concerning college transportation, curriculum, counsel—
ing, admissions, open rooms,
car rule, radio station, the musicians system and Buildings
and Grounds. Between committee meetings, Dan Bucks made
his attack on the bureaucratic
perspective.
The year ended with the Senate correction itself on the hall
initiative fund, which was perfect at first. Then the campus
found out about it and put an
end to the nonsense. It was that
kind of a year.
Music Scene
Was nominated
By considers
The musical scene this season
was nominated by a stunning
array oi imported musical arts
ists, The French spanish JeanneMarie large presented an allChopin decimal. hands starter,
internationally reported cell
list, per‘formed an elegant program which included one oi the
each suites for unaccompanied
cells, and the Kodaly donate
for cells,
The University or Chicago
Contemporary Chamber Players
and the San Francisco Tape
Music Center each showed us
different trends in contemporary composition, the latter
dealing wnh electronic music
and accompanying visual productions.
lstvan Nodes was joined by
the Grinnell College Orchestra
in an amazon performance or
the Beethoven Third Piano
Theatre Year Enhanced
By Student Productions
Student directed workshop
productions nominated the Grinnell. electrical season this year
as in the past, Workshops [or
freshman actors began the season with excerpts from “LUV,”
“0h Dad, Poor Dad etc,"
“Mary, Mary," and “Who’s
Afraid oi Virginia tools?” Robin monitor produced ”think,"
an experiment in technical
form. Frederick Durrenmatt's
“The PhysiCistS” was produced
and directed by Dennis Rich,
T a n y a compression directed
“See How They Run," a British
force. “shipped into My Good
Ear,” by William valley was
directed by Howard earned.
Fewer workshops were produced in the second semester,
but they were of a wider variety. web christine directed
“The statistics,“ a center«
pop‘are hit musical. 'The Dream
Play,” an expressionistic drama
by August Strindberg was produced and directed by Howard
joined. Tradition was broken
when Henrerork cleaner, an
English professor, d i r e c t e d
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“The Glass Menagerie," by Tennessee Williams.
The workshop season is not
yet over, “Slow Dance on The
Killing Ground,” by William
valley will be produced in the
Arena Theatre tonight and to
inorrow night at 8 pm. Unfortunately. Dennis Rich's production was performed too late to
be reviewed in this issue, but it
promises to be an experimental
and entertaining show.
professor Richard M e y e r
(speech and theatre) directed
the ﬁrss major production or
the year, “The black," by Ann
Jellicoe, This contemporary
British comedy was performed
for homecoming. Later in October, Meyer cooperated with
Raymond tests (history) to pro-
(luck tests’ script, “The Bourgeoisie." A revised and enhanced version oi this “communication" will be produced our<
ing announcement.
Richard M e y e r (speech
and theatre) directed the
first m a j o r production of
lean Anouill‘i's “Antigone.” In
late April, Donahue directed the
last major production or the
year, “Under Milkwood," by
Dylan Thomas.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANTIGONE was one oi Grinnell's major dramatic productions this year. It was directed by red Donahoe [speech
and theatre]. who is seen sailing at his east over the top
of the make-up table.
concerts, and the Minneapolis
Symphony Orchestra “Look
over” Roberts Theatre With a
pair at performances which included works by Bartok, Der
biissy, Hindemith, Dvorak, and
Brahms.
In the realm of folk, folk-rock,
and jazz were marilyn center.
Betty Carter, and The Three
Souls.
No less spectacular has been
our own xerox quarter. Espe
really totally was Paul i-let‘ski‘s
remarkable lecture on periodic
mice of Beethoven’s Diabelli
Variations.
Student performances also
constitutes a large percentage
of musical ac ' city. including
concerts by individuals, the Collegiiim musical Conducted by
David Sutherland, and the College Orchestra and Choir, both
under the direction of penis M.
de.Coienu.
 
big. Eight
SCARLET AND ILACt.
Friday, any t3. ms
 
t announcement Speaker
(Continued train Page 1)
was a university teacher before turning college president. He holds earned
degrees from the University of Missis—
sippi, University or Oxford (England).
where he was a phones Scholar, and
the university or Chicago, and has also
received several contrary degrees.
Before becoming president of Pomona.
DR. E. WILSON LYON
Lyon taught at Louisiana Polytechnic
Institute and voltage University. A more»
her or numerous national and regional
educational associations, he has gathered books, articles, and essays on historical subjects.
The announcement activities will
again be dovetailed with the Alumni
Reunion Weekend program in a five-
day series of events beginning Wednesday evening, May 25. and continuing
through Sunday noon, May 29.
Preecommencement activities for seniors and their parents. in addition to a
Wednesday night class dinner party and
the Thursday baccalaureate, will include
a coffee hour, a concert by the Grinnell
College Choir, and a reception hosted
by President and Mrs, suggest. all on
Thursday; and a Friday morning the
ultyssenior-pal‘ent coffee hour.
The annual Phi Beta happy lecture
and tea Will follow the announcement
exercises Friday afternoon.
Alumni Reunion activities will get un<
derived Friday evening with a College
Theatre production oi ”The Bourgeosie," by Raymond tests (history). followed by a Forum open house and l’location for members of the play Cast.
The Saturday schedule will include a
tactrlty-alumni course hour, the alumni
corporation, parade. and function, a se<
new of three alumni college classes, and
evening reunion winners and parties.
'Closing the weekend schedule Sunday
morning will be alumni-community Col—
legs church services.
Also stated as part 01 the Alumni Re<
union activities are meetings of the col<
ieee's Advisory Council and the Alumni
Association Board of Directors. and two
hamilton recitals by College organize EL
her Smith (French and music).
Math Award to Bridgham
Mary Beth Bridgham has been awarded the 1966 Linn Smith prize for excel<
hence in mathematics at Grinnell CoI<
legs.
SDX Dinner Addressed by Bill naughty;
Renaud. derek, Wolf, Hodierne colored
The Grinnell chapter of Sigma Delta
Chi and Theta Sigma Phi. men's and
women’s journalism societies, met this
Monday evening for a dinner and ad
dress by Bill naughty, candidates communist and associate editor DI the Kansas City Star.
Before naughty gave his speech, awards were given to Bob Hodierne oi the
SBtB, John Wolf, Mrs, Jane W. Renaud
of the Public Relations Office, and
John Tiirek of the Newton Daily News.
the S&B’s printer. All of these awards
were given by the Grinnell journalism
counties for distinguished service to
journalism.
In a speech titled “The Better the
Newspaperman the Worse the Speech,"
naughty gave the audience an idea or
what the modern communist has to struggle with. naughty has two columns which
are candidates in over 150 newspapers
around the world, has written two books.
Bird Thou Never Wert and Sorry i started It, and witnesses the last official
hanging in the state or Missouri, an ac<
tivity which he touched on in his speech.
naughty said that the most common
questions which were asked him by
addresses and individuals were “Is that
all you do?" and ‘What was it that you
PHOTO C R EDITS
Page :nodierue
page 6 , w elm, on. Wilhelm.
. vs
. ratings
Page . , full-ins; il., \Voit, i,r.,
their
Page a: Hodierne
Page iz- Hodierne
wrote a couple oi months ago that was
so good?"
He went on to say that he started in
journalism as a paragraph writer. an
art that was dying out like that or the
iceman or the blacksmith. “In that job,”
he said, “the only advantage was that
you didn’t live in the constant fear OI
promotion.”
naughty went on to make some ‘random comments on newspapermen and
journalists.” He touched on the topic
of technical obsolesceitse, that is, the
computerized, ticket - tape newspaper
offices of today in contrast to the old
ways. He also talked about the need for
some manner or “compulsory journalism” in schools. The reason for this was
What he Called the “liability of educated
people to read and to be able to “criticism independently.”
naughty asked the audience the question, “What sells newspapers anyway?"
He called it a building process in which
both the readers and the newspaper developed a mutual trust of each other on
the basis or integrity and quality. He
said that the newspaperman must work
on the assumption “that the reader is
not always right,"
At the end of his address, naughty
mentioned the challenges facing today's
journalists. "The biggest and most important one." he said, “is having the
ability to eliminate and transmit the
most exciting ideas to the public in an
age of computerized journalism."
After his speech, naughty was made
an contrary member of the Grinnell
chapter of Sigma Beta Chi.
 
DISCOUNT CENTER
SIIIJDEN BEAUTY
AEROSOL IIEOIIORANT
$1.00 wiki. 62‘
YO-5 HAIR SPRAY
Regular at Hard to Hold
$2.35 Value $141
PERSONA
DOUBLE EDGE 5‘5
79¢ Value 49‘
Excedrin
IOO‘s
$1.49 VnIile
99‘
-571...
IERGEN’S LOTION
59: Value 33:
WHITE SHIRTS
SHORT SLEEVE
$2.29 Value 5'61
MIGHTY WHITE
TOOTHPASTE
75¢ Value 41‘
holland’s
37: Value
SIIAVE
75's SETTING GEI.
$1.25 Value
or
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAHL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
lirinnell, anna
BRYLOREAH
HAIR DRESSING
69‘
SON OF
AFTER SHAVE LOTION
$1.00 Value 59‘
MENNEN SOFT STROKE
sioo main. 51'
King Site
SI .09 Value
MOUTHWASH
69¢ Value
31'
STORE
found: ’ °
STERISOL
9 I.all. to 9 pin. Friday
.in. to I p.ni. Mon.. Tues.-
Wed.. hours. Sat.
OREST
FAMILY TOOTHPASTE
95¢ Value 69‘
OOTTON SHIRTS
SHORT SLEEVE
$129 Value 91‘
JUST WONDERFUL
HAIR SPRAY
sun Val“. 13‘
BREOII
MIST SET
$2.35 Yahoo
5151}
 
Friday. May l3. I955
SCA‘RL‘ET 'AND ‘BLAGK
Page .Nine
 
grenades addition signed!
tin-dis territories
us. Senator Jack Miller (Reloivat
spoke in the South Lounge last Tues
day. discussing inflation, increased
spending, agriculture and the war in‘
diet Nam as major national political
issues at the present time.
Looking toward the fail elections, he
diiterentiated between the Democrat and
Republican attitudes, particularly in re
SENATOR JACK MILLER
spent to deficit spending Miller. who
has been in the Senate since 1960. who
is a member of several Senate committees. and who has recently returned
train a trip in the Far East, was on
campus under the joint sponsorship oi
the Young Republicans and the Program‘
in Practical Political Education
WE’RE SEEKING
TALENT!
Talent that can be added to
our Summer Sales Force.
Lifetime of Iowa is intervention
college students for their Summer Sales Program.
$500 - $750 - 51.000 - $1,500
Cash Scholarships. You can be
a winner.
This is an outstanding sppsrtuniiyl
We offer excellent training and field
supervision. You must harm a car
And be bonddbls.
FOR AN mimwsw CONTACT
Vault JOB PLACEMENT OFFICE
s riders;
ﬁbeside Enemy’
“population is the number one domestic
public enemy in the United States,”
said Miller. “This statement appeared
in my 1960 campaign brochure and it
is still true today.”
rating the rights of $10 billion inflation
per year in the last ten years, he like
sites it to a sales tax which is "getting
.horse."
The Senator identified the Democratic
party line as “not to talk about the
present inflation, but about the ‘danger
of inﬂunion} ” However, he continued, it
is not the case of the danger of inflation, but rather the case of worse inflation," Explaining the Republican
stand, Miller declared, “We think it is
the most nniair way to take purchasing
power away from people.”
Explaining this inﬂationary trend, Mile
her said, “wage increases and price increases are merely the symptoms of in-
ﬂunion. Put the responSibility where it
belongs It is the multi-billion-dollar de<
ﬁcut Spending by the Democratically
controlled Congress which powers the
purchasing power of the dollar."
Continuing his attack on expensive
spending, Miller cited the War on Poverty. Job Corps, and old age care plans
as areas in which federal programs
used money with extravagance and
.Waste.”
The Senator drew a laugh from the
crowd when, in reference to congress
local spending, he stated that he had
discovered why the Senate was called
the Upper House—“because it’s the one
that ups the appropriations.”
0n the subject of agriculture, the Iowa
compression assisted that there was
“a lot of transformation and confusion" on the subject. “The price squeeze
on farmers has been getting worse.”
Miller said that While there have been
price increases on the agriculture commodity, they are not keeping pace With
other sectors of the economy. He adams
rated trying for lot) per cent partly in
the agricultural market, which in the
last five years has generally been 7cm.
Miller's final speech topic was the
war in diet Nam—“something which
every man, woman, and child in the
United States is concerned about." He
securely placed “something detective
about the foreign policy of the Democratic party" for involving the United
plates in war, referring not only to diet
Nam but also reading to Korea and ww
n. l-le related the present action to last
year‘s decision in favor or a quick builder instead or a grammar builder.
This has brought domestic problems
due to limited (locking and distribution
facilities, but “the military is doing a
magicﬁcent job of picking up the pieces
from last year’s necessary decision."
Miller does not support the three-[old in<
create in booking since the January
lllll, but would rather see more enter<
 
denied]!
ALWAVs FIRST OUAu‘rV
M Penney's
Men’s Low canvas
records
White. 6V2 42. Called JCP._
2.99 3
ll: Weekend
Women’s canvas
. records
control colon. solo. :
, v2.98
JUST SIGN UP NOW FOR YOUNG MODE”! CHARGE ACCOUNT
Sit-moderate Send boot-is in Salon patient
written students anti student organizations contributed $81.26 last October
to send books to delta Free College in
delta, Alabama.
Over 800 books. mostly elementary
textbooks and teaching manuals, were
shipped to delta, where they will be
used by teachers and local students. The
balance of the money collected was sent
as a cash contribution to the college,
delta Free College, established by
volunteers, has recently branches into
the delta Free College and the delta
Free Library. delta Free College is now
operating under the manor' * ol lo«
Cal personnel.
REACH uncle
This shift represents the attachment
or one oi the original oi-navigation's primary goals. The organization is now
concentration on shipping the manage.
ment of the library to local persons allow
The library is slowly growing, still
supported primarily by contributions
ii-om outside delta. it is hoped that
eventually the burden oi support for the
library can be assumed by the delta
community.
More information concerning S elmd
Free College and delta Free Library
can be obtained by writing in cars oi
BOX 638, delta, Albama.
First Year
Oi High School tutorial
REACH, a community action program
designed to bring about closer contact
between the various groups in the town
of Grinnell, and especially reach a
greater understanding and a better
Working relationship between the town
and the college, has just completed its
first year of high school tutorial.
The tutorial program, existing mostly
this second semester, convicted of 18
volunteers who worked with high school
Students having difficulty in such subjects as biology, English, French, and
math. The tumor usually met with the
student once or twice a Week at a time
convenient to both, such as during the
student's study hall or at night in the
college library.
The tutorial program is one phase or
REACH, which was initiated in the [all
by Jeanne Cook and some faculty advisors. Miss Cook had just returned
from a summer in Chicago working for
a REACH program there, and she saw
the need for such a program in Grinnell, perhaps headed by a hill-time
recreation director.
Much of REACH is concerned with
the political structure in the town.
Hopefully, much more than the tutorial
program can be initiated and continued
nextyear.
In a REACH progress report, Miss
Cook said, “We have found that the
_____—_.._._
time booking, with particular targets on
North diet Nam’s petroleum supplies.
Miller concluded his remarks by calling the Republicans the party of re
sponsored progress as diiiereniiated from
the Democratic belief oi “progress,
sure, but with the other tells’s moneyi"
political situation in town is one of conservation, of caution . . . It seems to
be a case of the conservation of warning sections who tight to keep governments While the high school roses out. Individual shorts are spent on organizer
lions which overall, biit don’t corporate.
”The same people carefully question
no and demand structure and they have
a right to do so. To them we might be
just another lighting [action to add to
the tray, though we may want to be
more construction. . ."
The problem oi ﬁusing a place where
college and high school students can
meet, talk, and begin social programs
still remains. This year’s actions, however, has been limited to the tutorial
pro *
Oh! Yummiel
HANSEN’
IANISH MAID _
 
choose
from our
ﬁne selection
of the
IEEPER
MUSIC
" II Grinnell
 
Page Ten
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, May Is, not
 
Exchange Column
New York Times University Survey
tribes Attitudes Toward Regulations
A favorite off-cal'npus coffee
shop It Cornell University is
called “The Unmuzzled OK," it
takes the name from the Bible
verse; "Thou shall not puzzle
the bit when he treadcth out
the corn."
The verse, according to the
New York Times, reflects as
accurately as possible a trend
among university authorities to
let students run their an lives
-—especially sex lives. The paper took a survey on student
regulations at Columbia, Cora
well, abraham, New York University, Princeton, and Yale.
The survey found that university officials. while resistant
to translate “in logo pal‘enter”
have been self-admittedly slow
to adjust regulations to modern
student behaviour However,
there has been a change especially in the visiting hours for
women in men's calls. Most ot
the universities pulled allow
women to Visit men’s calls at
least until midnight on water—
days. Columbia, which banned
women visitors for the first 208
years at its existence. now permits open room until midnight
on bridges and until ! a.m. Sum
lay earnings.
Not one university official interpreted expressed dissatisiaction with the results of the lib
cruises rain-although several
laid they had expected serious
trouble, But the number at rule
attractions has remained constant and low.
The university officials appeared less worried about student sexual behavior than about
th- use of narrative and drugs,
but none said that it was a
serious problem.
Increasingly the attitude is
that of discretion, rather than
right mobility, governing SBX<
url behavior. Said the Yale
dean of undergraduate affairs,
“Don’t think we are trying to
protect the honor of young men
Ind women. It's ridiculous to
think you can." The assistant
dean for residence calls at Cora
hell, where junior and senior
Women have virtually no curves,
said, “We don't ask what they
do and don’t want to know."
The availability of out-campus housing is considered more
important than rules in determining the undergraduates’ sititLtde towards sex, At N.Y.U..
Columbia, abraham, and cornell
many students live out-campus where officials do not enlarge visiting hours. Last year
in a poll taken of a quarter
of Columbia's students who
lived olfacampus tour out of ﬁve
said the main reason was nissan<
detection with women’s hours in
the directories.
Golf. Tennis
Ending'Year
The Pioneer wait and tennis
teams are easily preparing for
the conference meet which will
be a week iron-l tomorrow. The
tennis meet will be here and
the golf meet will be played in
Waterloo.
Saturday the llnksmen lost to
n tough St. Olaf learn. Ted sister. the Pioneers' top roller.
had one or his rare out days
shooting a 79 to lose his match
$1). Bill Lee was the medalist
for the Pioneers It number
two with I 71 and won Ill!
match 2-1 over his opponent who
had a 71
Russ chckendorf shot a 7!
to lose 2-1, but Bob McCord
came back at number four to
win 2-1 with a 73. The other
two Pioneers, Al whether and
Jeff boolean, shot 82': And between them picked up three
points.
The nutten had a successful
weekend with a pair 014—6 wins
over Ripnn and Lawrence.
Leading the Pioneers were the
number tour and five men Pete
coleman and Stew fairfield
who each picked up two victorian
in the singles divisions solomon
also tested with Jim Greenebaum in the simon match to
take the Second douglas match.
Other wins (or the Pioneers
were scored by Li] picks and
Mike Greenfield. Greenebaum
won in the Lawrence match.
'slllimiir Earnings rrullah'
FOR COLLEGE MEN
offers
0 Above Average Earnings
I is 5mm] Cash Scholarships
0 3 All Expense Paid Trips Abroad
FOR FURTHER DETAILS WRITE TODAY:
Placement Director
Summer Earnings Program
P. F. soldier, Inc.
640 Fifth Ave., New York. N. Y. 10019
Please Mention Both Your Summer and School Addresses
Grinnell Girls Find Sensitive Work
In Class for annually regarded
by Anne career
On Sunday earnings six Grinnell needs meet at the Cnm<
munich Center as it becomes a
child's world oI reasons, paste
lots, bright pictures and Bible
stories with small words and
big prints Fingers temple to
get at panties in another hands
merchants and young voices
sing justify and oil-key as their
processors encounter with wide-
,eyed influence the ways of
God, man and their Sunday
school teachers. But the usual
sunny implications are packing.
[or in this class the children
are fifteen and fifteen years
old.
Dealing with this child’s world
of the manually regarded new
estimates a great deal of sensitivity on the part of the volunteers irnrn the constitutional
Church and the college (Kaye
Handrurd, Helen Brown, Nancy
robinson, Evelyn Sugawa, music
Schaeter, and Cindy Peterson).
This sensitivity is not the sort
that is calculated to meet specific situations but naturally
grow. from interaction with
then affectionate young girls
who are so taken with bright
colors and hair boys,
However, cancellation or
this sympathy is a indicate matter. Sometimes needs are met
successfully. sometimes not so
successfully. The typical make
and do aspect or a Sunday
school class assumes new significance during a Valentine creating Session, “which friends
are you going to give your Valentine to, bobby?" requires the
volunteer. “i don’t have any
friends,” she replies. And they
see her containers, try to understand and help, then return
to the red paper and sponsored
designs
Although the girls can read.
presentation of Bible stories
may be difficult, especially
when the King James version,
unfortunately, is realized.
Discussion of christian dictionary activity may be come
animated, for as the children
have a ready understanding or
procedures and jungle adventures, they lack the ability to
compressed the necessity or
dictionaries in these exciting
dark green places.
in promotional vocabulary,
these girls are "trainiblc." Do-
suite the cold ringtones at the
term, the girls give positive
evidence of this process in
their consideration for their
teachers and their hungry de—
site to earn love and affecting
from them. And their situation
seems less sad when they are
singing with busty and features
one or their favorite songs:
"This Little Light or Mine."—
This little light or mine
I'm going to make it shine
I’m going to make it shine
All the time. all the time
Don’t you go and pttt it out
I'm going to let it shine
Don't you go and pin it out
I'm going to let it shine
Let it shine, all the time, let
it shine . , .
Freshmen Batman
Win Two in a Row
The Pioneer press won their
second game in as many starts
last Saturday in A contest a
gains! Cornell at Mt. Vernon by
the score at 54f. Sam Semi won
his second game as he kitchen 5
ratings. Dick Schneider hd 3
hits for the Grin-en hotel
 
iillllilllllllll|llllll||Illlll!lIlllillIIlllitlllMllliwllihllﬂmllllilillwﬂxmlﬂllhllllllllllllmllllllh'lllllli'lillllllllllIll|.allﬂllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllll'
PROVIDE
your money with
a good home!
GRINNELL FEDERAL
Savings and Loan Association
When you've . little is span, open .ii account at Grinnell Federal. You'll like
doing business in the modern, new building.
0 Your money corn: at th- planned rate of 4 i/B°/o per year.
0 Your money is readily available if needed,
0 Your money is insured sofa . . . each account is insured up to “0.000
by F.S.L.I.c.
Special not. to organisation iiuaiuiem it you have . purple: in your treasury
[however imilll, open on account and let your‘ money work instead oi re.
mailing idle.
Grinnell Federal fa... Savings 23.5222.
[025 Main Street 0 Grinnell, Iowa - Phone his 236-312!
ﬁilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllilllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|lllllll|lllllll||llllllllllllll||llllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllli|lllllilKtlllllllllllllllllllulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
 
wiley. Hey I}. I?“
ICARLET AND ILACK
no. a"...
 
"Second Annual' IM bouquet Held Tracksters Seek To Defend Title
23 Years After the First One!
Associate Dean Richard Win-
, term and Dean of Men 5 Eugene Thompson were special
guests Wednesday evening at
the Second Annual Grinnell
College Student intramural Ath—
latin Awards bouquet, where
the keyword was participation.
Six speakers participated in the
‘_ presentation program itself, following more than a done individual and team graphics on
the 17 attending has represent nations.
Master of Ceremonies ‘another’ Anderson explained that this
tradition—now placed to be I
yearly campus “hair—was begun with the First Annual LM.
Awards bouquet. held in 1941
Presumably the theme was
'participation' in those days.
too; the people in charge just
didn't do a very good job of getting it across. Twenty-three
years later, Jeri Langharn
trained the high level of l.M.
participation now existing.
Lnnghain then pointed out
that if East morris — eighthplace minister in I.M. tennis
this season—had sent represen—
ratings to all of their scheduled
matches. they would have collected enough forfeits to place
fourth. Langham also mentioned that of Clark Hall's 24
nor
victorian in the LM golf
matches. 20 of them were by
perfect. The last seven placewinners in the gulf standings
were arranged according to
which team had the newest forfeits, Langham noted before
closing; three calls having suggested all 30 matches. Coach
add powers than trained the
high level of LM. participation
now existing.
powers also presented the
MacMurmy and Truesdale graphics to Smith Hall, overall
paint leader for 196586. This
was Smith's third straight year
oi all—sport secretary, thus en<
filing them to return the present
MncMur-ray trophy. A relay of
the past year by Jim manuals.
I preview of the 196567 season
by Dan Marklnhnn. and a short,
change-oi—pace talk by Athletic
Director John Pﬁtech on the
philosophy of intramural sports
founded out the program.
The absence from the dinner
of President G l e n it suggest served coincidentally in illustrate the paint Langham and
the other speakers had tried to
make: by not attending, Leg—
gets missed a chance to gain a
perfect on Dean of Women Jean
Slocum. She was not the re
either.
At Conference Meet Here Friday
The Pioneer tracking contained to prepare for the can»
ferenu meet. to be held at
Grinnell's Ward Field on May
N and 21. They head for Elmhurst, Illinois this weekend for
the Elmhurst delays after having made it good showing at
the Beloit delays last Saturday.
The same men with support
1mm Wilt well, who is delivering horn I pulled muscle,
John jersey, llc MacDowell,
Tom Russell, and Spencer
Clerk will defend Grimell’s
outdoor reference crown. Competition tools to be stainless
from Carleton, St. Olaf and Cornell, And several records could
fall if the weather is good.
All students and faculty are
encouraged to come out and
watch what is sure to be an
exciting contest. Friday's e»
cents will be the ﬁnals of the
dishes. javelin, and long jump
and running events preliminary
in starting at 3 pm. Finals in
the remaining held events are
scheduled for Saturday with the
pole vault beginning at noon
and running events starting at
1:30.
Schools participating in this
weekend's meet will include
o
ANNOUNCEMENT
CHAPMAN COLLEGE, low-ted in orange, California, one of
the oldest colleges in the West, is accepting applications for admislioﬂ (or two 107vday computers for the fall of 1966 and the spring
of 1967 aboard Holland-America Line’s s.s Rylldll‘ll. This is the
second year of operation of sherman College’s ﬂrating campus.
Outstanding college and university students are invite to spend those computers at sea, enrolled for 12-15 units or credit, applicable toward the Bachelor
of Arts, Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Music degrees, at 9-12 unit:
toward the Master of Arts degree.
Onboard, students will experience 1 situation of intense academic concentration, supplemental by personal meetings assure with men who are the
world’s leaders, documents which are the world‘s heritage, and people whose
apparent diﬁcreates cited prove to hide human similarities.
College classes will be held during 56 class days at sea in modern, airconditioned classrooms and laboratories equipped with all facilities necessary
for course work altered.
lT]NERARlES:FnIl19€6 Semester
leaves New York October 20, duration
X07 days; to vision, Barcelona, Msrseille.
Civitavecchia (Rom). pirates (Athens).
Istanbul, Alexandria (hairy), rm Said,“
she; combat. solomon, Port Swellen.
ham (Kuala bumper), Bangkok, Hon.
at... (Tokyo), Hawaii.
training in- Annele. February I. 1967.
Ken, Kohe,Yoko
spring m1 Semester team Les Angela
February 7, dumllon 107 days; in Ll
Gnaira (bahamas), port of span. mint.
dndt, salvador, Montevideo. Buenm
tires, Rio De vanilla, Laser, maker,
stnblzncn, radio, vision, amsterdam
(island In France, medium and thomas—
islands), Copenhagen, London. Dublin
(overhead to),Galway,u-living MYuk
our Mo, 25. 1967.
mission: m Admitted to the mm must meet regular founded M
nation: or sherman College and upon fulfilling its rsqniremts will receive pad-e not
credits in nrcntdanoe with its rent-say emirates-i studies.
For a catalog listing meet for both the Fall had Spring est—«en tips. in to...
union And m-ponptosn- funds. dsl '— ten automation ham Ind mil n wt
meow or discuss
Chap-nu worker, Seven Seal n'v‘cannon-u, narrow-en 926“
Have
that)
C“!
telephone ___the
The Rylldnln is under mmerlnnds registry.
l
[Address
I
l
l
l
L
thﬂy
31——
___....__._._...__d
 
Lake Forest, Concordia. MacMurray, St. improve, Augustana, Hillsdale, and others. Except for the mile relay. all e
cents will consist of individual
eifnr‘ts — such as the field
events. dishes, handles, and
long-distance runs. Grinneli's
stainless entries are Tom Wood
in the javelin, Jon russell in
the long jump, and men Langham in the long distances, with
1. Talking to yourself?
Reliearsing a speech.
in running for
President of the
Student Council.
s What's your plsdnrm?
Do I need one?
3, Already been used,
”Tippecanoe god
Tyler too"?
hopes nf good performances
from Steve paintball in the
middle distance events; Boh
Watt and Dick Lamb, springs;
Doug gray, long distances; and
Mike Schwartz, handles.
The models crowd at last
Saturday’s meet in neloit saw
the Pioneers battle teams from
twenty schools in making strong
bids in both the ﬁend events
Ind the delays.
2 Angela'order?
She says it will help
me t'levels a tests.
in respond alloy.
4. You list e to give people .
version for voting for you.
How about “A chicken
in every pot”?
. hook, it )ou want to show
Angela y nn're responsible.
why not sign up for Living
Insurance login available.
lt's one or the most
responsible things you inn
doehecanse Living insurance
Will gate your wife and kids
solid protection.
“I would racial‘i‘ be
right thats President}
For Information about Living insurance, see The \lan from Ft vitamin
For mm; opportunities st E sample»:
dee)our Placement 0l for. or
white: Patrick concord, Manpower Development Division.
The [QUIMBIE Life Assurance Society of the United States
Item 0M9; ins; Ave. of the smnm. Net» York, \' t: more citghttahlc bush
An Equal Opportunity L‘tltpfuyer
 
aug. Twelv-
Pioneers Finish Year
W iii Title, Shut-out
This past; season has been a
year of ups and towns for the
Pioneer teams ~ ranging from
a conference championship wrestling team to a last.
place basketball squad. pioneer athletes have also been
able to pick up several records
along the way including a new
while record by the David Theophilus trophy winner Jeri Langham and a new career scoring
record by Jeff Fl'anti,
Dick Lamb, Tom cannon, and
John watson were named to
the all‘conference fo 0 t b a 11
team.
The crosscountry team also
finished second. Coach Young
at the beginning was not optimisttc butt the carriers bent
brake in their first dual 2234
and were on their way.
When winter came around.
Terry Moore started the wrist<
line season by prediction it
would be a building year. He
built fast, though. To batteries
Ken Strubler, Bill Barnes, Gary
Wilson, and Bob seller he added sophomores John charge.
Mike partition, Lou seller,
key gender, and Joel Richman
to make a successful dual-meet
team.
At the conference meet
Barnes started by winning at
123 and Strubler followed with
a first at 130. John charge won
at 145 and Wilson finished with
a 160 triumph. partition took
third and seller second to help
the Pioneers to their first pressing championship
Unfortunately, the basketball
team faced not so Well, With
the high showers of last year,
self grants, Elliott Hibbs, and
Tom Hill, plus some high scor-
ing sophomores, the prospects
looked good. But. poor shooting,
defense, and responding
through the year brought a 1-17
conference record.
On January 29, grants posted
in 25 points to set the new
career scoring record. He fiiially earned the season title
1,312 points.
The swingers also fell. With
a miniature squad, they were
able to personally pull out a
couple of dual meet wins but
were pushed down to seventh
in the conference meet. The
highlight was Ken Adellualt's
record breaking performance
in the japan] butterfly at the
meet.
Alter four years of being conference Champion, the indoor
track team shipped to fourth
in the conference meet at chicago.
The outdoor team also was
packing in manpower. One outstanding performer has been
Jeri Langharri who has twice set
la new Pioneer mile record,
bringing it down to 4:171
The baseball team has had
its moments but on the whole
has not been performing well.
The golf team has come
along well and has won several meets, Leading showers
for the team have been upperclassmen Ted sister, Dave
Shelienbarger, and Al whether
with sophomores Bill Lee and
Russ Heuckendorli Shellenbar—
get has also set the variety record with a 69,
The tennis team has been led
to several wins by Mike Greenrield. Lij picks, Dick lovely,
Jim Greenebaum, and Pete
Kollmani
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. May l3. ms
Batman Win Over Knox
The Grinnell College baseball
team took a double-header
from Knox last Saturday and
dropped a single game to plymouth on Friday in action
which took place on the Pioneer ball yard. These contests
gave the Grinnell diamondmcn
been effectively rescheduled for
tomorrow.
In the game against plymouth. Grinnell got off to a
good start by scoring a run in
the first ending on a walk to
Nick songs and singles by Bob
seller and Gary oils o n. The
Boat). an error, and an instead
out. In this 31 win button was
three for three at the plate and
billy and Wilson each were twoé
for three,
In the second game Knox
again got a run in the first
ending, but the Pioneers air,
LEFTY BOB GELLER had Mike smaller on third base in the sixth ending of Saturday‘r
first game against Knox. Two runs had already scored but seller provided out and
smaller didn't score.
a 5-8 season record and shipped
a seven-game losing stream to
bring their Midwest Conference
record to 3-8. The Pioneers
have one remaining game
which was to have been played
against joe in Cedar Rapids on
Wednesday, but which was
washer out by the middle - 0fthe week download and has
 
Who Is your ideal date? Thousands use Central Control and its high-speed
computer for a live, flesh~and~blood answer to this question.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Your ideal data - such I person exists, of course.
BuI how Io get acqualnled? Our Central Control computer
processes 10,000 names an hour.
How long would it take
you to meet and tom an opinion of that many people?
You will lie matched with live usually suited persons
ol ll’ll opposite sex, tight in your own locale (or in any
area of the U.S. you specify). Simply, send $3.00 In Central
Control lot your questionnaire. Each at the live will bl
as perfectly matched with you in interests, outlook and
background as computer science makes possible.
Central Control is nationwide, but its programs are
completely locations. Hundreds at thousands at vigorous
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
highly acceptable.
and alert subscribers, all sharing the desire to meet their
ideal dates, have found computer dating to be exciting and
All live at your Ideal dates will lie delighlluli So
harry and send your $3.00 lot your questionnaire.
CENTRAL CONTROL, Inc.
21 Park avenue 0 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
 
Pioneers held the lead until the
third when the scott scored two
runs and then went on for a
scoring stream.
The Pioneers managed two
runs in the fourth on back-tobago samples by Greg Dean and
Wilson and a single by Ron sat.
ton. They managed two more in
the fifth, and a home run by
Dave Schatz in the sixth, which
made the final score 186,
On Saturday, kitchen G re g
Dean replacing more-armed billy, got credit {or both wins as
he kitchen the ﬁnfl 5 ratings
of the ﬁrss game, and the last
a 2/3 ratings of the second game.
Knox scored one run in the
first, but the printers came
back in their half of the ending
with a run to tie up the score.
The winning two runs came in
the sixth on singles by Wilson
and salmon, a walk to Mike
smaller (o w n e r of smaller’s
“THE No. l CDMMUNIS’I‘ m Illmoi:
is a :Iumlord and i: ll metro. Hay/s
that la! following pdaé: venues?
fluid- M. highlight, . Communist
Party member [or as your, has been
111'! with u building hair- violations.
unto/m them overcrowding and disrenair slut evidence or let: and
married: Cnincidentally,‘ Lithttaot's
verminourmapcrlyslendrmrnassme
city, Chicago, who" Martin Luther
xihgmcemlybe.
ran an ’End in.
some guidance
umpuiﬂn."
for a In. rose or the
extract gnu- tit NA.
TIONAL REVIEW, mat.
is Dapt. cm, I50 r.
as 5!». N. v. Id, N. v.
 
i
come alive
You’re In the Pepsi genevaﬁ n!
 
 
secret‘l with a two-mn effort on
a single by billy, a walk to
Wilson, a single by seller, a
walk to Dean, and a builder's
choice. Knox managed a final
run in the fourth ending on
three singles. The final 2 runs
for the Pioneers came in the
sixth on walks to Dean and
Schatz, and singles by Kent
Thompson and John sitemap to make the ﬁnfl score
5-Zr
Dean's record is now three
and three while the leading letters on the Pioneer team are
Gotten with 308 and Wilson with
343.
ILOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEATERS- DRESSES
3W APPAnEI.
oniwncrr
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
prepared — at my, Mlln, Grlnnoll
 
