' 228 Seniors Rescue Degrees Today
[you Tells G ads:
Education Will be
lifetime Concern
announcement speaker E. Wilson
Lyon told the Class of 1966 that “thinking about education will be your lifetime
responsibility.” He added that “you have
more than you realize now in preparation as ‘future buyers of state and nation.‘ "
Lyon, who is president of Pomona College in california, delivered an address
entitled “This We Possess” to the grade<
aging seniors this afternoon. He discussed
the extent or higher education today, and
the role or the liberal arts college in pan
ticuiar.
Lyon said that while attempts to read
the future are hazardous, “one [act
about our society is abundantly evident.
Our country will be increasingly occupied with high education and everything
that contains to it.”
He said that “in extent and volume
what we are regarding upon awards
even the rise of the medieval universities in Europe, periodically regarded as
the greatest age of higher education.”
Education iS now too important to
handle essentially in the sense of the
personal.
Lyon noted his personal experiences
with the American Council of Education.
British Universities and a recent corporation at the Center for the Study or
Democratic Institutions in Los Angeles,
He cited all three as examples of the
current discussions over “the orgasm7a-
[ion of higher education, the size of instruments, the nature of the curriculum,
and the concept or what a professor
should be and do." .
The value of the liberal arts college is
that “it provides the ideal opportunity
{or preparation to meet the basic ques<
COMMENCEMENT—
(Continued on Page 2)
Gr'shell college
shorter,
older College Newspaper
west 0 the Mississippi
 
Vol LXXII
Grinnell, Iowa. Friday, May 27. 1966
No. 30
 
Title of ‘outstanding Senior'
Awarded to coleman, Peterson
Peter A. coleman, Mt. Vernon, and
Christine A. Peterson, Omaha, web.,
Wednesday night received the annual
Alumni Association awards as the out<
standing senior man and senior woman
at Grinnell. They were among the 228
candidates for bachelor of arts degrees
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PETER A. KOLLMAN
Awarcl contrary Degrees
To hrs. Lyon
The announcement speaker and an
olympus who is currently the dean oi the
college or education of the University oi
the East Philippines were awarded hon-
crazy degrees this afternoon,
DR. GABRIEL MANALAC
Dr. E. Wilson Lyon, president at Po-
mono (California) College, and Dr.
Gabriel R. Manalac were the recipients.
Manalac, a 1916 graduate of Grinnell,
Ll educational consultant at the driver-
and Manalac
site oi the East Philippines, as well as
dean.
Alter graduation from channels, Manalac did his graduate work as a Jay would
Fellow at New York University where
he earned his Master and Doctor oi
DR. E. WILSON LVON
Pedagogy degrees.
In 1918 he returned to the Philippines
and, alter serving as supervi ng teach-
HONORARY—
(Continued on Page 2)
at announcement exercises this afternoon.
The awards, based on construction
campus service, were presented by F.
madison series of Grinnell, 3 1950 Grinnell graduate and a member ot the Alum<
ni Association Board of Directors. He
also provided over the induction oi the
class of 1566 into the Alumni Association.
coleman, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Eric
C. coleman, Ml, Vernon, was cited for
combining “. . . outstanding leadership
with an outstanding academic record,"
A chemistry major, and a member of
Phi Beta happy, coleman has been
AWARDS—
. (Continued on Page 2)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grad School Plans
For 57% of Class
Fittysseven per cent oi the class oi 1966
will go on to further studies next year.
in a questionnaire on future plans, lorrythree per cent of the women indicated
that they plan to attend graduate school.
as did seventh-three per cent of the men.
The second largest group or graduates
is going directly to a job. This does not
include teaching,' which drew separate
responses. Teachers will make up 4%
ot the graduation class. Seven per cent
or the class plans immediate marriage.
Other responses include the Armed
Forces, the Peace Corps, and VISTA.
Seven per cent of the class was undo<
video, and 24 per cent did not return the
questionnaire.
Following is the roster of the class,
including motors, home towns, and future plans, if known:
Roger W. Abendroth, physics, LaGrange, Ill—graduate study in business
administration, Northwestern Universiykaren L. robinson, English, Washing
ton, D. C, — graduate study, University
, of Chicago,
James s Albrecht, chemistry. Naperville, Ill # graduate study, Lawrence
University.
Catherine rape Alexander, English
literature, hardwood, Mo. — married to
William John Alexander, '64
Barry . Anderson, history, Chicago,
Ill, 7m italy service.
Edmund E. Atkins, political science,
olrlahoma City, Okla. — VISTA.
Richard c. mainly, music, cargo, N. D.
Vgraduate study in medicine, University
ct Minnesota.
Barbara M. Baker, biologY. Omaha,
job. — graduate study in biology.
Frederick A. career, biology, Oak
Park. Ill. # graduate study in medicine, '
University oi Illinois.
W'alias A. Barnes, political science,
Deti it, rich.
Mary Beth variety, American Studies,
Webster drives, Mo. e marriage to
James smith, ’66, June 6; employment.
Margaret J. neck, history, St. Joseph,
lilo. 7 graduate study in elementary
education, knives its of Wisconsin,
Howard S. Berk, biology, Denver, solo.
Vgraduate study in medicine, somalia
western University.
Philip M. Bernstein, history, Woodmerc, \r, y. 7 graduate study, State
University of New York at story Brook.
M. Jane Belts Spanish, Gloucester,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mass. secretariat training, catherine
Gibbs School, Boston.
E. envelope davis, society v and an-
 
 
CHRISTINE A. PETERSON
§eddeird T o
SENIORS——
(Continued on Page 2)
leave ﬁrussell;
dead lid?! troops Aid Office
Leiorne Sequeira, director of placement and student aid to Grinnell for
three years, has been named Assistant
Program Director in College Scholarship Services at Educational Testing
Service, Princeton, NJ. The appointment
is effective Sept. 1, at which time Sequeira will he suspended in the Council
position by D. Nicholas Ryan, Grinnell
absolute director of admissions.
Sequeira will be in a new University
Services program wltli College Scholarships Services. A foundation oi the College
Entrance Examination Board, C.S.S.
provides critical transcript and computational sci-video for students applying
for tillnllClal assistance at colleges and
universities as well as consulting and administrative services for sponsors oi na.
signal and regional scholarship programs.
A graduate of Illinois,Wesleyan University, Sequeira was an admission:
connector at Lincoln University (UL),
field representative for development It
Illinois Wesleyan, and director of admissions at illinois College (Jacksonville)
before coming to Grinllell as an admissions Counselor in 1955. He became director of placement and student aid in
1963.
Ryan was graduated from Grinnell in
1955 and after serving in the Navy rev
turned to Grinnell as an admissions
connector in 1959. He was named also<
title director of admissions in 1963.
ADDRESS HERE:
9351100 mailing
“Gustav island
 
[‘90: Tw-
3»—
SQARLET AND MACK ,
 
Seniors . . .
(Continued him Page i)
iii-biology, Wayiata, Minn,
do n F. hiernian all, political science, Grinall, I — mduate study in law, University
bowl.
David E. Bilstmm, biology, Aurora, Ill. 7
adults study in medicine, University ot
wa,
mail E. Birdsong, Spanish, Marshalltowll. Ia.
own G. Black, economics. storm Lake, la.
a graduate study in law, Nonhwestern Unirsr
barbara J. Boardway, biology. Clinton, la,
5‘ employment with the Food and Drug Ad-
integration.
Elizabeth Anne Borders, German, white
Bear Lake, Minn. 7 further study in Germany.
Michael E. wesley, mathematics, Wichita,
:(Rdn. 7 graduate study, University of Cole-
H o.
Mary Beth Eridgham, mathematics. St.
Joseph, Mic 7 graduate study, Northwestern University.
Howard L, Brown, speech and theatre, Mar.
ahalltown, la. 7 employment with Lennox in.
district, Inc.. married to the farmer nudity
Anne phones.
James R. Bruce, french, Crinneil, la. 7
graduate study, Princeton University.
Cynthia J. trust, philosophy, St. Paul, Minn.
7enrplnyrnent with Spiegel’s, Chicago.
Elizabeth c. christine, speech and theatre,
Sterling. Ill. 7 graduate study, Neighborhood
warehouse School ot the Theatre.
Elizabeth V. Burr. history, Glendale. Mo.
7graduate study, gifts University.
charles Jean Buss, French, East online,
ill. 7 graduate study, Yale University.
Anne M. Campbell, biology, Tulsa, Okla. 7
mandate study in medicine, University oi
aivari.
Steven D. handheld, American Studies. Grinnell, la. 7 Peace Corps assignment in Liby
Robert S. Cantwell, English, Chicago, i .
7graduate study, University oi Chicago.
varieties parameter, speech correction,
Vernon Conn. employment in psychology
research, University oi Pittsburgh.
w. Richard ready, political science, Randolph AFB, Texas.
Stephen L. Chandler, chemistry. Antioch,
Ill. 7 graduate steady, Yale Divinity School.
Pamela Ann Clay, American Studies, Cedar
- Falls,iu.
William c. gilbert, economics. Webster
drives, Mo. 7 graduate study, Washington
University, St. Louis, Mo.
Lois Marie Cook, biology, cargo. N. D. 7
comic out as laboratory technician in the
depth ment of physiology, University of lawn;
marriage to Raleigh J. Robertson, '55, June ii.
Philip D. books, English, mandate, N. Y.
Sandra Kay homeland, sociology and an.
technology, Woods Hole, Mass 7 graduate
study, nilane University of Louisiana.
Kathleen Elizabeth bradley, biology, since
nato,_ Ohio 7 graduate study, Ohio State knives-s .
David C. silver, biology, Fort Dodge, in.
7 graduate study, Yale University. .
Mary Elizabeth Curtis, sociology and anthropology, boston, Ohio 7 employment.
media 0. Dayton, English, Des points, la, 7
teaching.
Richard D. De rather, English, overview
Park, Ohio 7 gi'xduate study, University of
Chicago.
Deborah J. Deriacki, biology, Way-are, ill. 7
adults study in medicine, Northwestern
diversity.
Janet N. mcdonald, English, Alexandria,
Va. graduate study, Western Reserve Uni.
version.
timothy A. house, biology, Minneapol
Minn. 7 teaching; marriage to Richard
settled, ’65, Aug. 20.
David w. Doty, psychology, Ray Village
Ohio 7 graduate study, University oi inline
Deanna online towns, mathematics, Ma
.hometown, la.
Marilyn brake, speech correction, Saratoga,
valid. 7 teaching. San Francisco Public
Schools.
Elizabeth C. Ducnckel, mathematics, Weir
rter drives, Mo. 7 employment with McDolr
neil Air grant Automation Center.
martin B. running, biology, hardwood, Ohio.
John A. running, psychology, Brooklyn,
Conn, 7 graduate study, Western Michigan
Univci ty, marriage to laura Smith, '67,
June 3.
Robert S. Dyer, psychology, Bernard isle.
N. .1. 7 graduate study, State drivers y of
New York at buffalo.
Richard C. Edwards, economics, Fair-tar,
Va. 7 graduate study.
Wr learn D, Ellenson, chemistry, Grinnell, la.
7 graduate study, University oi California at
Los angeles,
Pamela v. Eschhach, economics, Cedar Rape
ids, _la. 7 graduate study, University oi \mls»
comm.
Jane w. owen, English, Rochester, Minn.
7 marriage to Eugene J. Uphoit, July to.
Stephen C. rather, economics, mac City, la.
7 graduate study, charter School of just»
news.
k r. hilton, Spanish, lndiancla. la. 7
well TravelServiee Scholar-strip; graduate
study, Yale University.
williams Fcrnbach. history, Washington. D.
C. graduate study in law, University oi learn.
inbox-
Michael F. Fort, M0108” Bi‘oakﬁend, Win.
Susan R. robin, art, attempt. valid. —
studying cards-rice; employment
Janet M. Francis, English, wichita, can.—
employment.
destroy E. grants, psychology, Aurora, 111.
.7 training for Peace Corps.
Eldon H. grants, biology, Omaha, web. 7
ﬁr‘dduaie study, University of Illinois.
Eva K. gardens'ing, German, Bismarck, N.
D. 7 travel in Germany; graduate study.
Gerald D. forward, political science, Hilton
Head Island, S. C. — graduate study in law,
University of Iowa.
Susan R. soldiers, sociology and aiithro.
pvlogy, Bethesda. Md.
Carl Otis Gray, Jr., English, New York, N.Y.
Michael M. Greenfield. history, Water!
la, 7 graduate study, University oi Tex ;
mail‘page to Barbara Ann KI‘leo, ’66, m Aug-
use.
M. Jane Guild, political science, Carbondale,
Ill. 7 graduate study.
Stuart R. Hall. psychology, Simshui‘y, Conn.
A. J. Hand, english Journalism, passport.
Con tree . lance u- king and photography.
Phillip T. Handy, history, loans, rich. 7
graduate study. ,
signs B. canyon, political science, hitachi,
Pakistan 7 graduate study in public administration, Sy abuse University,
Virginia L. llul‘for‘d, American Studies. taken, Ill. 7 Grinnell traveller’Vlce Scholarship, teaching in Thailand.
JerriLinn Hart, sociology and anthropology.
Ames, Ia. 7 graduate study. University of
Wisconsin.
William Lloyd hamilton, history, arena, Va.
7 graduate study in law, University oi VIIgillla.
lucky J. wedding, psychology. Wellsbnrg,
Iowa. 7 marriage to J. Eric Jacobson, ’66,
May 31; employment.
Robert A. german, mathematics, phone, la.
~ graduate study, University of Kansas.
S. Rebecca Hill, English, Palm Par , Ill.
-— graduate study.
Holly Anne Hoebel sociology and anthropology, riversﬂe, all 7- employment with the
salvation Anny emergency judge, Chicago.
LeAnne cleaner-, biology, Reinbeck, ia.7
‘ graduate study, Johns Hopkins University.
Ekarnc K. power. political science. bradley.
Hi. 7 teaching.
Anne C. robinson. music. Columbus. web.
__ graduate study.
James R. Holbrook, philosophy, St. Louis,
Mo. 7 graduate study. Indiana University.
Barbara player collins, history, Des joined.
la. 7 married to plane collins, ’64.
. Hannah polyester, art, Quincy. Ill.
parent K. Hookham, art. Elmhurat, all.
Laurie Ann Houdek, political science, White
Bear Lake, Minn. 7 graduate study, Washington University, St. Louis, MD.
James w. Hughes, history, Des points. la.
Lawrence D. Hnltgren, philosophy, found,
Ill. 7 graduate study, Harvard Divinity
School.
Sarah E. Hunt, sociology and anthropology,
Scranton, la. 7 teaching.
David G. Imes, biology, roulette, Minn.
- graduate study, Western Michigan Uni»
version.
J. Eric Jacobson, psychology, Marshalltown.
Ia. 7 graduate study, University at California
at Santa Barbara; marriage to lucky J. Hub
lens, ’66. May 31,
garcia Carol James, American Studies, great
root. Ariz. 7 power secretariat School.
Jei-rilynn Johnson, art, theater, ill—employment.
Stephen read Johnson, history, iowa City.
1a. 7 graduate study, ohio State University,
Sylvia Johnson, biology, Perry, la. 7 gratis»
etc study in medicine, Western Reserve UniVeI’S y.
Cherie Ann joined, classical language. bus
rating, ia. ‘7 graduate study, University or
Washington, Seattle.
Carol E. hunter, English, Alexandria, Va.
Lureta Kahler, biology, Oxford, la. 7 grade—
ate study, University at Iowa.
E. stephc'n Karp, chemistry, providers, ill.
7 graduate study in medicine, st, Louis University.
Bruce Kauimann, English, Park Ridge, 1‘”.
7 graduate study, University oi Toronto.
John E. jersey, psychology, El Paso, 111. 7
graduate study, University oi Chicago.
Jan Lee Kennedy, English, East banking,
rich. 7 marriage to Edward E. Foster, assist—
ant professor oi English at Grinnell, June 4.
Keith J. King, music, Valparaiso, lord. 7
graduate study, indiana University.
Ruth toddler, history, Minneapolis, Minn.
— teaching.
Bruce G. roller, French, inventory, la. 7
graduate study. Princeton University.
desired w. boolean. economics, Tcanecli,
N. J. 7 graduate study in law.
Peter A. coleman, chemistry, Mt. Vernon,
la, 7 graduate study, Princeton University.
Robert M. monitor, speech anti theatre,
corners Grove, Ill. 7 graduate study, University at Southern california.
John Robert Krui, biology. Pairpon, N. Y.
Richard fraud, political science, Manhattan,
can. 7 graduate study in Chinese politics,
Columbia University.
Carol‘ Kreinick, psychology. Chicago, ill.7
graduate study, Connecticut College tHartiord
capital).
(Continued on Page 3)
today. May 11. I96;
charles and Black
GIINNILL COLLIGI
lennolli into
A weekly newspaper summer each Friday or the College year by the Grinncll Committee on Student Public.»
tions. Represented for national advertising by National Ad,
certified Service. Inc.. lounge Publishers Ee resentetrve.
ls East 50th Street, New York 22, N.Y. seven class post
age paid at Council, iowa. Suhscripuan mo 35m her
Ichacl year. main nnid subscriptions.
'i'niAL EUSiNEss MANAGER .
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
COPY EDn'OR
SPORTS zDiTOR
FEATURE EDlTOR
EXCHANGE EDITOR
EDi‘mRiAL LmRARJAN
AnVERTislNC ASSISTANT
PHOTOGRAPHERS
REPURTLRS
chi candy, Cat
_ .__ job nodlerna
Susan Will
Alan expired
s... Mai-ul- Berkley
_ Suva c-see
Anne printer
Paul Bradley
lbby Pannwitt
Jones, Paul R. Jones, Ann Kirschner,
Mary calcium, x s cash, bobby Pannwitt, Jane Parish,
Judy Scott, Linda jefferson, Jean Whitaker, diary “1150»
(Continued from Page 1)
named to the Dean’s list every
semester and was elected to
trials, an contrary society for
senior men, He is the recipient
of Woodrow wilson and National
Science Foundation Fellowships
and received renewable mention
in the 1966 Chemical and one
fifteen-ing Merit Award copper
action sponsored by the American Chemical Society.
Also active in Campus social
and governmental affairs, he
has served as a group leader.
hall intramural chairman. member of the charles Ind Black
newspaper staff. member of the
student senate, and as president
of his residence hall. HE is also
a variety letterinan in tennis
and has been accepted for grade
nation study in chemistry at
Princeton University.
Miss Peterson, the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Am S. Peterson. Omaha. web., was commented for her “, r . leadership and excellent citizenship as
I member of the college community.” An American studies
major. Miss peterson is a mem—
her oi Phi Beta happy and for—
tar Boat! and has been named
to the Dean's list every semester. She has been active in Campus government, sewing on her
evidence hall's council, Baffleboard, the student senate, and
as president of the associated
Women Students.
in addition, she has been trial Chairman of her residence
hall, and officer of the Women's
Recreation Association, A group
leader, and active in Uncle
Sam's Club and International
Relations Club. Miss Peterson
has been accepted {or StrVICZ
in the Peace Corps.
} announcement
(Continued from Page 1)
tions of our time." He agreed
with Walter Lippman in advn»
eating a “liberal education
which would be Concerned with
what plate calls 'the royal
science’, the science that needs
to he processed by the buyers of
the ﬂuse."
Lyon (old isa Class of '66 that
"you are better buyers for has—
ing received your education in
this intimate government in
which teaching and the Close
relation of faculty members and
Students are the primary ab-
}actions of the institution."
The aims of colleges like Gl’m—
well and Pomona, according in
Lyon, is to provide such I
"close and continuous interface
oi young and older minds in a
consensus and truitiul atmosphere."
Lyon concluded by telling the
graduates that they processed
more than they realized in preparation as future buyers, and
that “the purpose oi your col«
legs education hits been to
equal you to recognize the es
central and [0 know how 10 (lCal
with it. We have faith that you
can do this."
The title of the Speech, "This
We Possess,” was taken from
an article written by a Harvard
olympus, Elljﬂl Notion, in 1957.
Norton had discussed the nudity of his Harvard teachers by
saying that their excellence
only became obvious after I
number of years. Norton said
that his teachers “had I percent enthusiasm for finding and
preparation the truth as they
saw it." ,
In the article, Norton had concluded that “much of what they
taught is gone, but this remains.
This we possess and far this w:
are glittelul.”
} contrary
(Continued horn Page 1)
er in duncan and as division superintendem of Antique, he watt
named assistant director of the
Bureau of Education in 1922, HI
also served as I lectures in education and cubic administration
at me University nf the Philip:
lines.
As the result 0! in presidential
appointment, Manalac became
chairman of the national Culintil of Education in 1946 and a
year later was named to the
Philippine delegation to the con—
defense of the United Nations
Educational, Scientific, and political Organization (UNESCO)
in Paris. He served as chairman
of the Philippine delegation
when UNESCO held its third
session in Beirut, Lebanon.
Manalac became chairman of
the National Commission an
Educational, Scientific, and jul—
rural Matters in 1948 Ind held
that position until assuming his
present post in 1950.
Lyon. who has also spent his
entire lite in education, graduated from the University of
Mississippi in 1925 and studied
It St. John's college of oxford
University as I phones Scholar,
earning RA. and D. Litt. degrees in modern history and an
MA. degree. He received his
PhD. in modern Eumpean his.
(cry from the University of Chicago in 1932.
A member of Phi Beta happy.
Lyon in 1964 was generated its
an contrary Commander of the
Most Excellent Order of ()1.
British Empire, He holds lion»
many degrees from Colgata
University, the University of
California, and Occidental and
Trinity Colleges.
 
Friday. May 21, not
spam! AND ILAcx'
h I. Tim-
 
Seniors . . .
(Continued from Page 2)
carbon Arm drive hislul'yv
Highland Park, Ill. employ»
merit; marriage a Michael
Greenﬁend, '66, in August.
catherine B. Kronielt, biology, Millinocket, Me.
D. deals using, economics,
Roclavdl City, In, 7 graduate
study in law.
Phyllis F, Lamb, history, Des
engines, la.
B. Thomas Lane, poll cal sci‘
once, Arlington, Va. — helena
ing, huntington College, nigeria.
Jeri Major Langham, biology,
Fallhrook, valid. — graduate
study, Washington state Un'h
version; married to the former
Kathleen Ann consent
Thomas W. random, speech
and theatre, Grinnell, la. —
graduate study in business,
University of Iowa.
Michael D. kevin, mathematics, Denver, solo. graduate
study, Colorado U variety,
Dale Anne device, chemistry, Washington. D. c. 7 graduate study in medicine, University of Iowa.
David L, high’about'ne, American Studies. Elmhurst, Ill.
7 seliempioyed musician in
ileunlempnrary music enter-
e
Joan poverty, English, Des
points, la.
David F. Liiirdherg, cheats<
try, St. Paul, Minn. 7 employ-liberia. would ‘ signal Batteries,
inc, research and development
laboratory, Minneapolis, Minn.
‘tennis K, Ellacdonald, physics, Des points, la. 7 graduate study, Kansas state university.
Gregory face, German. As<
pen. solo, — employment as
hotel A restaurant manager in
Aspen.
Dave E. Maxwell, llussiui
language and literature, Great
Neck, N. Y. graduate study,
Brown universe r
Marion Patricia hayes, psychology, Tulsa, Okla. — ma
ridge to Chester A. Jaccwitz in
June,
Bruce A. McCouachie, history, browse Point, rich. —graduate study in drama. University of Minnesota.
Robert G. McCord, mathematics. clinton, Minn. — graduate study.
Douglas w. McCormae, English, Elmhurst, Ill.
defence 1. McCoy, English
Literature, Albuquerque, N. M.
— graduate study in theatre,
University of Nebraska.
Janet G. recorded, sociology
and anthropology, Mt. Pleasant,
1:. ~— employment 15 a prices
slonhl in Girl sporting.
Linda vessels, psychology,
Lawrence, can. 7 graduate std<
dy, Wheelock School, Boston,
Mass
Martha J. sense, psychology,
Webster drives, Mo. — marriage to sydney W. Owen, '66.
June 11.
Georgia A. ticket, Spanish,
Chicago, Ill. — employment, assistant to the director of tie
velopniehl, Emma richard
School. Troy, N. Y.
David S. Miller, psychology.
Tulsa, Okla.
Frederick N. Miller. biology>
Princeton, N. J. — graduate
study in medicine.
James s. Miller, chemistry.
Des points, Ia. 7 graduate
study, Dequw University.
William c. ltiohrnrail, history,
w‘rlnictte, Ill. 7 graduate study in law, University 51 Wiscoirsiir.
Martha Montgomery political
science, Chicago, 111. mandate
study, Brown University.
George E. loose, American
studies, Denver, (1010.7 grades
ate study, Syracuse universal .
Thomas M, Momw, Englisll,
Oak Park, in. 7 graduate std—
dy, Roosevelt university.
Hugh .1. Mullcnhach, sociology and anthropology, Wilmettc,all.
R. Dennis Murphy, economics,
Urhana, ill. 7 graduate study,
University of Michigan.
games A. Murtfeldt physics,
Deei'field. ill. 7 graduate smdy, driver ty oi Michigan.
.7. Kristian cash, EnglishJournniism, Miami, ala,
writer D. real, economics,
Ames, la, 7 graduate study in
law, University ot Minnesota;
marriage to picks Fitzgerald.
June 15.
Nicholas G. songs, chemistry.
Mason City, in. graduate
study in medicine, University
brown.
Karen R. jason, history,
Wheat Ridge, solo. 7 employment, secretary, John Hancock
insurance Co., Chicago, Ill.
sydney w. Owen, English,
Wichita, can. 7 graduate smdy ll. University of Kansas;
marriage to Martha sense,
’66, June it.
Janet L. Owen. sociology and
anthropology, Lake City, Ia.—
graduate study in social work
Washington University, 5.
Louis, lilo.
Ellen n. pierce. political so
once, Elmlrurst, ill. 7 employment.
William J. Pegg, in, history,
Muskogee, Okla. 7 graduate
study.
Larry C. members, economics, otiuniiva, la. 7 grad
ate study, Vanderbilt driver
tr; married to the former francis Yochuni. _
Donald R. Peri‘in. political
science, classroom, ill—graduate study. ‘
Allen L. Peterson, chemistry,
 
Elllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|llllllllllllllllllllllllmllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
PROVIDE.
your money with
a good home!
GRINNELL FEDERAL
Savings and Loan Association
Whnn you've . hills in spare. open an account af Grinnell Federall You'll likdolng business in the modern, new building.
0 Your money cards at the planned rate a! 4 ‘l/B°/o per year.
0 Your money is readily available if needed.
I Your money is insured safe . . . each accoum is insured up lo 310.000
by F.S.L.l.c.
special hole lo orgdnlxallnn lredsurers: If you have a surplus in your treasury
thawsvrr small). open in account and let‘ your money work instead of is.
warning idle.
Griimell Federal
.' Savings
«We
and loan
Association
1025 Maln Street I Grinnell. Iowa u Phone 515 235-312!
" ‘ll‘ it lllllllll||WMWlllllllllltlllllllllllllllllIlllillllllll|||l|lllllll||llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllmlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllua
Minneapolis, Mimi, 7 graduate
study in medicine, University of
Minnesota.
Christine A veteran, American studies, Omaha, job, 7
marriage to John Dr button.
'64, June 25; both have been
accepted in the Peace Corps.
Douglas P, Prlhrow. political
science, Philadelphia, Pa. 7
Peace Corps.
Donald D. Potter, chemistry,
Grand island, web. 7 graduate
study, University oi Nebraska,
James w. manuals, critical
science, Pasadena, half. 7
travel in Europe; employment
Blair N. Ratcliff, physics,
Grinnell, la. 7 graduate stud, ,
Stanford University.
Richard s. Reicbmann, Jr.
history. arlington, Ontario 7
graduate study, University of
california at San Diego.
Daniel nursing, economics.
Tujunga, valid.
relating L. Rice, political
science, Denver, solo. 7 employment.
Edward M. sister, social.
and anthropology, Blachvvci
Oklat 7 graduate study.
Jane E. follows roberts,
German, Eveleth, lying,7rnurried to John H. Roberts, '66.
John H. Roberts, chemistry,
northwest, in. 7 graduate study, gifts University; married
tsﬁthe partner Jane E follows,
nudity L. Roberts, history,
theatre, Ill, 7 graduate sun‘
dy, Harvard University.
mandate Rogers, English l
feature, DES points, Ia. —
teaching.
Diana D, nondnau, art, Shah
er Heights, ohio.
Allen M. Rossnian HI, chemistry, Portland, 0re7graduate
study in needs ne, Johns Hopkim University.
nudity Ann Rugg, political
science, Cedar Falls, iii. —
graduate study. Stanford university.
(Continued on Page ii)
 
1 90 Fear SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, May 21, I96.
Tracksters Host Conference Meet, Place Third
Gﬁoneﬂ Fhst
 
WALKING ON WATER Is what Steve printable wishes he could have done in the preliminary 44o yard dash Friday
in the conference meet. in suite at the water. printable blocked a 53.2 to fake first in his flight. He pulled a muscle,
however. and didn't place in the single Saturday. The only Grinnallian to place in the 440-yard dash was Bob We”
who tech e search. Chuck Porter cl Lawrence with a :50.3 was the conference champion.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN THE MUD during Friday's preliminary flights, Mike sehwerrr was able
to clock the fastest time in the 220-yard Low handles. He ran the event in
l25.7. Saturday, however. he only placed third in the pixels. The title went
to Chuck McKee et Lawrence with e time of 24.9.
in hour.events
depending conference charts for tour
consecutive years, the Pioneers last. Fri<
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
day and Saturday were only able to take
third place, finishing behind Carleton
and plymouth.
Grinnell, with 30 team points, took
more ﬁrss places than anyone else. Grin<
well had tour lights, Carleton and plymouth had only one each. Carleton
scored 36 team points. plymouth 34.
Placing first for Grinnell was the mile
relay team, Jeri Langham in the 880yard run and in the mile, and Tom Wood
in the javelin. Carleton took a ﬁrss in
the shot put and plymouth took a first
in the 2-male run.
Grlnnell was hurt by the loss of Steve
Brinmall, who pulled a leg muscle. paintball had been expected to place high in
the 440-yard run and anchor the mile
relay team, Had Brinmall run In the
mile relay (an event ci-cornell won anyway), that would have released Langham to run in the 2-milf rim and perhaps
given cornell more points there.
Other Grilmellians placing were Doug
gray, who took a third in the mlIe run
and a ﬁftp in the 2-mike run. Mlke
Schwartz was able to pick up a third in
the 22!)»yard low handles and Bob Watt
 
finished fourth in the 440»yard run. Jun
russell was the only other Pioneer getting any points (higher than title place).
He took ﬁftp in the broad Jump.
IN THE RAIN, Tom Wood still managed to throw the iaveHn l87'5‘/z ” for
e conference chcrnpicnship in that event.
 
r Friday. May 27. I965 SCARLET AND BLACK Page FM
GRINNELL'S HIGHEST POINT-GETTER was Jeri Langham, who won the
milf run, Hle EEO-yard run and who answered the male relay less. on the
Is” at the Hume quarter 1‘url Langham is seen lusl leading another Grinnellian Doug gray in ﬁle mile. Langham ran a 4:223 male, Doug jackson
ol Monmoulh look second and gray held on rm 3 lhlnl. Below, Lenghem
is seen engine eye Tom aaron el Cornell in the amyanl run. Lsnghsm's
“me was 1:522.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JANET aoyn. Queen e; the conference meet, sengrsluleles one
of the athletes ellen his winning
performance. o+has members el
the royal equal, selected by l‘he
genes s, were Susan allen,
lucky Hlll. Clnay km. and Rulhie
Slernherg.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(—
 
 
 
 
, up AND oven solve camera sellers aohaen Melnyehenke of Sl. Olel on his yeull el l3.o fo clinic first in the event over Larry Breeding of Lawrence. The
58.3 photographer obtained lhls sequence-5110f by mounting a ladder el one side of the bar and using quick hands and .s good sense of balance. Grin—
well's only enlnsnl ln the pole-vault was seller real, who placed law allen being undefined most el the season wllh engines.
 
Paig- ‘ll
SCARLET AND ILACK
 
Seniors . . .
(Continued from File 3)
.look A. Sahean, philosophy
and religion, Hudson, Mass. —
graduate study in medicine,
University oi Vermont,
marilyn J. Sakai,
Glen Burnie, Md.
Caroline .1. Scheaﬂer, art,
Minneapolis, Minn. _ graduate
study.
1 Howard K. Schein, biology,
hicago, ill. — graduate study,
diversity of Illinois.
marilyn M. Schneider. Enga
‘ h,Wiimette,all.
Susan E. school, chemistry,
t. James, Mo. _ rodnate std;
y in medicine, smell diversity.
Mark Schorr, english, Chiago, 111. — graduate study.
i harvard University.
Christine L, Scott, biology,
Naperville, Ill. — require std»
(‘1’, State University of New
oak M: buffalo; marriage to
being‘d Grossmun, ’84, in Aug-
its
history,
water n M, carroll, sociology
and ant biology, Des points,
la. — employment, University
of iowa‘x Education)! Placement office: marriage to peter
D. Wallace, ’65, June ll.
Sharon L. Sheumaker, biology, convertible, la. — graduate study, Michigan state University. _
John D. threshold, chemistry.
Fort Dodge, la. — graduate
study in medicine, University
of Iowa.
Barbara S. shipped, English,
Denver, solo.
Barbara A. Siebenschuh, art,
Chicago, all. — graduate study.
University of Iowa.
Kaye L. siemens. history,
Faribault, Minn. — teaching.
Caroline bailey, psychology,
Lake Biuif, all. — employment
daily E. Stanley, economics.
canyon, Ill. — graduate study.
Elizabeth J. Stanek, art, Mila
walker, his,
Edward E. Steele, physics,
Los Angeles, valid. A grade
ate study, Cornell University;
married in the former Sheryl
Wood, ’66.
Sheryl S. stress, history,
Glendale, Mo. — married to Edward E. Steele, ’66.
Michael K, Stewart, history,
Houston, Texas.
James R. smith, philosophy.
Oklahoma city, Okla. # grades
ate study, medical college at
Virginia; marriage to Mary
Beth variety, ’66, June 5.
Michael A. stories, economics,
johnston, all. ~ graduate std-
due
Carol E. troops, biology,
Bartlesvtllo, Okla. a graduate
study, University oi Minnesota.
Karen Strassei, sister , Stun—
ford, Conn. — travel in wrote;
employment.
Kenneth A. stronger, physics.
Naperville, all. — graduate act-
y University 0i Chicago.
Susan L. Stuart, biology,
Council Blutis, la. —« riduatstudy in medical dec colony.
Northwestern University.
David P. Synhorst, cheiniatry, Gibson, la.
John R. raising. political sci.
once, johnston, Ill. - graduate
study, universal oi Illinois;
man-led to the order Sandra
posters,'so. _
Joel J. Thomas. English. Chi—
cage, Ill. — graduate study.
University of Chicago.
Richard J. Tillotsou, English,
Pasadena, valid.—graduate study. University of Seattle.
Stephen R. billy, English,
Elmhurst. Ill. — graduate study in architecture, Massachusetts Institute oi Technology.
Milton google all, speech
and theatre, St. Joseph, Mo. A
graduate study in law. University of Missouri.
Bruce L. Travis, history.
Newtown, Conn. —— graduate
study in Russian history.
Princeton University.
Richard M. Trumbull, English, Omaha, Neh.
Robert A. Van Order. economics, Chicago, ill. — graduate
study, University or Essex,
England, _
Sally A, Wagner, English,
Prairie Village, can. — teach
ing, Jefferson County Public
Schools, Denver, solo.
, JOIN THE DODGE ﬂEBELllﬂll
Speech . . . toronto says a lot about you even when
toronto scores high In any class.
Friday, May 11, tm
___—_..____.._._.____-—.
audio wild, political science, Tokyo, Japan — grammar;
study. University or Pittsburgh.
Nancy M, Waspi, biology.
Woodsth Ill.
John Q talking. consist”.
Grinnell, Ia. — graduate study.
pursue University, _
francis M, never, American
Studies, Honolulu, Hawaii _.
secretariat School.
Alfred G. whether, J11. biology, mattress, N. 0.7grade<
ate study, Cornell University.
John A. britney, art, calvin;
Ill. —— graduate Study, cache:tel‘ Institute,
Gary Wilson, psychology,
Cedar ltapids. Ia. _ graduate
stud .
Jo n E. Wolf, Jr., biology,
Milwaukee, his. _ graduate
study, University of Wisconsin.
Stephen B. Woolpert, history,
Washington, D. C. — grammar.
study, Syracuse University.
party Yaseen, sociology and
anthropology, olympic Fields,
Ill. — employment.
Lorinda L. Yeisley, American
Studies, Omaha, Neh. — employment with Northwest Bell
Telephone Co., Omaha.
Carol S. Yenawine, sociology
and anthropology. Webster
drives, Mo. —_ graduate study,
Smith College. ‘
Virginia A. found, biology.
Alton, ill. — einployineiit.
holders Fifth
In Conference
The Pioneer gallery placed
title in the Midwest Conference
journey played last Friday and
Saturday at Waterloo. The Grinnell holders were 39 strikes behind winner St. oxat.
The highest placing Grinnell
linksman was Ted sister who
shot a it over par 156 for the
two rounds. Bob McCord oi
Grinnell placed 16th with a 153.
The medalist was Dave largest
of St. Olai with a two under par
142.
The other teams ﬁfishing
higher than Grlnnell were (in
order starting with second
place) Carleton, simon, and
Lawrence.
A swimming weekend In
Chicago for $16
SUSAN u. try—
Manchester
College. No.
Manchester. Ind.
says. "Any
student, ma»
orwoman. cl.
stay at
chip-go's
‘4ch How
and entaya
weekend for
535.15. Heisthow i did it.
Hi, PM. Dinner at mo. not»! SI.»
civil old town too
loan. at v Not-t am
areoktoit at r and
an lnniluk main
lunch at ata-main ‘
Nat. ton. cum»: want
on..." at v naval had
cal. not. don“, it Note! .is
lot. black A"
Poem at it its»! nm‘
, written at 1 Non! had
Wonhip at cannon can»
tones at it Hold
eva. m,
Art . . . toronto's beautiful lines and grateful
selling draw looks everywhere you drive. Math . . .
take the 383 cu. in. V8, add four—on~isa-ﬂfor, and
you've got the swingin'est car on campus. History
.toronto'sasuccesssiory alrecord-breaking sales.
it's standing still. Then comes Logic . . . Corona“
low price makes sense to Just about any budget.
How about you? Like to make the grade? scroll at
your lodge dealer's now. As Pam points out. the
Dodge selection wants you.
MEN . WOMEN. man)"
Stay at Chicago'l I
YMCA H OTEIE
826 Smith Wabudi
'ot the edge of the Long \
v—menu o ”mu-1* “
W'- '9' may!!! 9! 91m
MWDRS GDRPDRAIIM
too: Diwalou g CHRYSLER
 
Fridgthny 17, MM '. . SCARLIT AND'ILACK« ,,
_ [Congratulations 6'6 trade
It's Been A Pleasure
1 Doing Business With You
GOOD-BYE . . ..
and GOOD LUCK
I1
I.
: WELLHOUSE STUDIOS
I BATES FLOWERS
I CLAIRE'S CLEANERS
I COLLUM'S SERVICE STATION
l THREE ELMS
i . WHITE SPOT
I GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
I PAeLIAI'S PIZZA
I Brownie 8: Dave at +he VARSITY
I Defe & Jean aT The PARTY SHOPPE
| KRAMER JEWELRY
I LEEPER MUSIC 'CO.
PRESTON'S CLOTHING
ARNOLD'S SHOES '29
THARP PHARMACY
JOSEPH'S JEWELRY
IOWA CLEANERS
UNITED FOOD MARKET
WAYNE'S STEAKHOUSE’
BROWN'S SHOE FIT’CO.
J. C. PENNEY CO.
BOB REIMER CLOTHING
POYNTER'S
STRAND'S SHOES
THE LANTERN
TASTY PASTRY SHOP
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. May 27. ms
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
kitchen lose to joe, l4 4;
Year Ends With 5-9 Record
On Saturday, May 14 the Grinnell
baseball team closed out its season with
a 14-4 loss to joe at Cedar Rapids. This
gave the Pioneer diamondmen a season
record of five wins and nine losses and
a Midwest conference record at three
anti nine. This was the ﬁrss time in see
Cent years that the charles and Black _
batman were able [0 win their two nonconierence games. .
Tire joe game was a tight seesaw
' battle until [he bahamas broke it up with
an eight run deluxe m the seventh ending. The due nine had Six hits which
included a triple and a double.
Grinnell led [\Vlce in the contest, 1-0
going into the bottom or the first, and
473 after Lwa»india~half frames.
Nick Nona; scored the first marker
alice collecting his first of three hits.
The third ending tnlhcs were produced
by songs' SPCaml telecharger', an eur-or
that out John chief'hold on base, and
leave Schatz's second home run of the
campaign witch went over the righirfield
trees and only Oakland Roﬂdl
due Went back in from with two runs
in the lounge, added one more in [he
Sixth, and speed up the game with the
eight run outburst of the seventh,
songs added a (lolllJle [a his two
singles in tile liflli frame and John with
man tagged the llnt’ll Grlnnell hit with
a flashing single in the north.
Steve billy, the Grillilell starter, took
the loss. He was included on the muimrl
by Bob Seller and Schntz.
Five Pioneer seniors put on the
Sc'xrlet and Black for the last time Hi
this game at Cedar Rapids. They were
billy, dollar, Gary Wilson, threshold,
anti Mike Similar.
The anal data sheet saw Wilson on
top or the calling scene with a .316 aV<
image. Ron button held onto his second
place standing or .308 by not playing in ‘
Nice new performs B 3‘ G has.
the final contest. The leading pitch~hit<
her of the team was John sitemap who
had two hits in SIX at bath log a .333
average.
NANCY SCHENK AND JiM STURGIS energy from a crawiway passage in Huni's cave. The two were among twelve
(arleteli Takes Tennis
JlM GREENEEAUM llefil was the only Grinnell singles player in enter
die finals of last- weekend‘s Midwest Conference tennis meet. He failed
to place. however, as Carlelcn look all the douglas competition and all of
the singles championships on its way to the team title. Kit Young (below)
of the Carlelon douglas team makes a return in the number one douglas
final —wlrieh intel won.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grinnell spelunker: who visited rain cases in northeastern iowa this Tuesday and Wednesday. A iltirieenilt cover wax
kenneth christianity lbiclogyl. wlio directed the zip. Former 5&3 editor John Wolf took ilie pray. hills'an electronic flash. The gallery Wolf ventures into His new! hills his five hundred dollar camera safely showed .n a too
dollar army surplus ammunilion box. Somehow. camera. box, and Well all managed in energy buddy, but otherwrr.
unlimited.
 
