Grinnell College
camsBlA
Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi
Special Edition Stresses “Actionabiiity”
"rm ecstatic.“ was the way President Glenn hewlett expressed his
organized. The faculty and ad
Using a term he has rise
need to become “reasonable.” “Do it; north heritage,” he said.
This special issue or the sol; includes a healthy report by the Eu-
opinion oi the loss engagement. lie had high praise for what he called
the “constructivelless” oi the engagement committees. “But," he told
the closing session of the engagement, “You’ve got to get themselves
registration can’t do this for you."
d often in the past suggest arrested the
cainpineilt Committee as well as Stabenlenls from each member of the
executive cabinet 01' the SGA. These statements point to many ways
 
Vol. LXXlV
Grinnell, lows, Tuesday, October ll, I965
in which the ideas businesses iii: engagement can be made “reasonable."
 
Extra
 
: engagement Offers Intensive Consideration
o
 
President of the SGA
installation of forms
By STEVE KENT
Why have instruments? Why bother?
Ailcr all, we have things pretty good
here. Why spend hours evaluating the
Grinnell community when we could be
spending them in requiring an education? Well. partly because Grinnell
exists in a dynamic, changing world and
because Grinnell itself is a dynamic and
changing society in miniature, To remain
true to its original ideals and infections,
the college can never lease making adjustments. Partly, it is because basic to
the Gl'innell tradition is the belief that
improvement can always be made, But,
above all, it is because the spirit which
makes its question the ends and means
oi our community is the real essence oi
a crninell education The critical spirit
cannon be compartmentally applied, The
never thesis and the Grinneli community are equally worthy objects or its attention.
Grinnell's primary task is to produce
literally educated men and women —
individuals capable of looking at their
world in mobility, originally yet constructively. Reason and common sense,
we are taught, guide us in our judgmerits oi the world. Yet reason and
common sense are not always one
mystery applied in our considerations
of our own society.
Tunes ot print inevitably occur when
the critical spirit grows cute and purposes become confused, accessories to
dealing with superiicialities and to ace
ing in terms of betty political ends, col-
sea~
(Continued on Page 2)
AWS Board President
investigated Hours
By KAREN LAUTERBACH
An generation at attitude in the Grinncil student culture cannon be successfully affected until all segments of the
community come to challenge the basic
diversity between what’s expected in the
academic sphere and what’s expected in
the store] sphere of student life. The
time is now, while the whole community
is in a period of transition. to express a
conviction in the importance of all that
happens to a potential scholar in the
total learning process.
Students are presently directed from
surprising freedom or choice or personal judgment in individual social
stories by n contracting rule structure.
Boih men and women have consistently accepted a highly restriction
system of women’s hours as a major
sector happening individual action Ind
the growth oi personal responsibility
This analytical reliance on artificial
standards appears in a broader context
as non-participation in the classroom and
extra-particular affairs as well.
What must be accomplished is a complete and consistent modification oi the
student role in the affairs of the college
to involve positive participation and personal independence in all phases or community lite. But a information of attitude
must occur simultaneously with the
structural changes necessary to allow its
expressed. This suggests a radical departure from the present protective
philosophy and structure to corporate a
new, positive listing program on campus
AWS—
(Continued on Page 2)
Speaker of the Senate
Quest for Community
lib DAN sucks
The quest. for community is a basic
human mobile underlying man's efforts
to make the world a more human place
in which to live. We at Grinnell are
driven by this mobile to create a special
type oi community — an intellectual
one in which people are draWn together
by a desire to understand the world of
man and the world of nature,
We seek a community in which ideas
{low and interact in a dynamic learning
process. We hope, by this process, to
contract questions of values so that we
can relate our knowledge and ideas to
ineauiugiul purposes.
Intellectual Community
Have we created an intellectual corn<
[quality at Grinnell? Academic life is
periodically shared to a pace at dead—
lines anti examinations. Students are required to pass courses in a subject instead ot being re ' ed to learn a subject. Campus act as are tied to no
ethic of tradition in which the routine
is preferred to the innovative. These
forces combine to stable a commitment
to learning, a desire to communicate
ideas. and a critical awareness of values.
Hence, our search for community goes
url'excluded.
Fortunately, students have the resources to build the foundation for an
inspired intellectual process. We need
not wait for the decision - makers at
this college to adjust the curriculum
or establish new lecture programs, By
assessing a degree oi intellectuull in-
SENATE—
(Continued on Page 3),
By KATHY JAGOW
More than a marathon travelling session, engagement was an opportunity
for the different groups on campus to
meet together for an intensive consideration oi Grinnell as a total entity.
Stiucturally, the kitty students and
twentyeiive faculty and administrators
who attended were organized into six
discussion groups. Each group spent
three sessions discussing, respectively,
academic program, relation oi the col<
legs to the outside world and the total
college environment. Reports room each
of the group leaders were presented at
a final Combined session of all the Eucampment participation,
What came out or this year’s Encampmeni? People looking for a movement plan of reform will probably be
disappointed; the general nature or the
discussions was not conducted to such
a simple tormiila. The aims and goals
or a liberal arts education, and the
means or achieving these goals, are
our easily agreed upon. You can’t. get
a formula answer to the question
“What is Grinnell?”
Look to the Philosophy
So what did happen that weekend? in
normal contact between faculty and students, some violent discussions, some
hard thinking, a better view of Grinneli
within and beyond the campus. Both
leaders and just ordinary students (as
one participant described herself) looked
beyond the details of our present system
to the philosophy, the reasons, the rationale Oi Grillnell and of liberal education
in general, In the end, if the thinking b3gain at engagement will continue on
campus, we should have a set oi criteria, special goals that we wish to
achieve, and an effective means oi getting there,
By attempting to answer some of these
general questions before us, we lialurah
iy came up with a wide variety of answers, This report will attempt to be as
objective as possible in presenting fire
recent sides of the various questions.
ENCAMPMENT—
(Continued on Page 2)
C of HP President
Open forms Extension.
By ROBERT FOOTE
The question is not whether we should
extend visiting hours in the residence
calls but Whether, or to what extent, WI
should have restrictions. The burden of
proof in the open forms question tests not
with those who request greater freedom
Di movement but with those who would
restrict it.
Discussion oi open rooms usually begins wlih the assumption that restriction
against any limitation is normal. Open
rooms have been considered as times of
exception to this assumption. It is time
now in question the basic assumption.
and perhaps to begin knew.
Entrenclled in the Victorian mobility
is an unreasonable nutrition of sex. People (tel frank and meaningful and discussion of sex should be compressed. People
have assumed that situation: conducted
to the commission oi the sex not should
be decided at all costs.
Hence they think frequencies will be
average and liability presented.
The opportunity thing is that it dress't
work that way, The Victorian mobility
is clearly inadequate in contemporary
society. It serves merely to observe issues and lo percent any attempt to deVelop a rational and possible mobility.
A new rationale. posted not in the
open forms question, posted not in the
Victorian connection or restriction, but
in the modem connection oi freedom
with consideration. Freedom with consideration eiitalls not merely individual
development in isolation. it also implies
c oi HP—
(Continued on Page 3)
Social Coordinator
Urban Social Program
By BOB JOHNSTON
Grinnell College is isolated in n
rural area but its social program is
urban. easy to get to, and tree. Grin.
well students must now develop on
attitude to match the program. They
must break out oi a social shell that
relief on dates and thoughts.
it is opportunity that on a run at the
mill Saturday night the average form
may contain up to 80 per cent of its
documents while another unknown per'e
vintage are avoiding themselves of the
sex or Longhorn, Students must bn
willing to export their ideas, opinions
and master to something llew a some
thing controversial - something out‘beat,
A free access to challenging events is
northwest it the majority at students
tail to take advantage of them.
Explore the variety: Leilox quarter,
jefferson airplane, Woman in the
Duties, The Goldovsky Opera. 8%. Caroline station-d, The White Devil, Case.
blauca, The Three Souls, The i. Shaped
SOCIAL—
(Continued on Page 3)
_____________
ADDRESS HEREl
log aﬁe'not
“WHERE Qilqnd
 
Page Two
} engagement
(Continued from Page 1)
In looking at the aims of Grinnell as
a liberal arts college, we felt the need
to install certain kinds of regularly attitudes at the same time that we are
transmission a Valued cultural tradition.
Yet we also emphasized that the college should prepare the individual for
construction participation in his society,
even while being able to understand and
assess it originally.
An initial goal oi the liberal arts college is to alienate the student in some
degree from his society, by pointing
to the bytes of our culture and the
inconsistencies of u ur systems of
thought and behavior.
Transmit saudi! n
In transmission a cultural tradition we
also analyze it so allan the student can
see it in a new light. He is then provided
the means for documentation and restriction at the same time as he leaves new
ways of looking at the world, new ways
of conversion and relating about the
world — ultimately creating better ways
of coming with, understanding, and being critical of the real world.
Along with this general education the
student should begin a process of direction and orientation by choosing a discipline and working deeply in it. Some
transmission of how a scholar works on
a limited problem is surely part of a liberal education. We hope that through
these processes will come an increase in
independent thinking and a growing
capacity for self-education and critical
problem-solving.
Obligation to Provide Leadership
Grinnell has an obligation to provide
leaders for society; it has a responsible—
its, too, to prevent the intellectual snow—
business that winners communication
among all types of people.
At some point students should be normally controlled With the relevance of
their study to the outside world In our
concern for facts, techniques, means, we
slight the implications and ultimate
results of this knowledge for society.
Various possibilities were suggested:
senior s e min a r s, interdisciplinary
courses, freshman emphasis on these
problems, lectures on the technician in
society, and so on.
Academic like was emphasized as the
concrete means to many of our goals. In
this area there were as many ideas as
people. Several suggestions, however,
were repeated, among them a greater
stress on interdisciplinary studies, maximum as well as minimum requirements
in the major field to prohibit overspeciallzation, some sort of tutorial system,
smaller classes.
The discussion of major fields brought
a wide variety of replies. One group suggested the followed implications or a
discipline: (1) knowledge within an area;
(2) knowledge of a methodology; (3)
recognition of the limitations of the specific area of study: (4) an understand—
ing of the interrelationship between one's
specialty and other disciplines and, (5)
between one’s discipline and the entire
realm of knowledge and value systems.
Another group discussed a radical departure from the present system of motors and disciplines. Agreeing that the
discipline could tend to be ineffiuent, as
it only indirectly involves learning about
learning, the group considered reserve»
during the curriculum around a study oi
systems, relations, processes. and ends.
Interim was another widely discussed
topic. With the new schedule ending the
first semester before Christmas, interim
might have a better chance of being a
time of true similarly inquiry rather
than a postcard recovery. Many people
felt it should be strictly voluntary to encourage genuine interest, Suggestions on
what to schedule (during interim included
interdisciplinary seminars, an expanded
lecture schedule, opportunity for independent projects, short nonprofit
“courses" in areas of interest often im-
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
possible during the regular semester—
such as intensive language study, applied music, organization, hairy poetry,
or any other area of student interest.
Other topics discussed in the academic
area were improved academic counsel<
line by freshmen advisors, library pop<
ice on selection oi new books, the overburdened faculty, determination of introductory courses, the academic atmosphere outside the classroom, increased
awareness of different interpretations of
the same material, student motors within
the calls, programmes leading, class
room discussion, independent research.
and a focus on basic principles of western civilization
Discussion of the total Campus environment focused on the word interaction
— interaction between the academic and
the social areas, between faculty and
students, between North and South
Campus, between presented and upperclassmen, between tyrannical control
and medication. More specifically, we
looked at rules, and found a need for is
rational, and consistent philosophy behind regulations at Grinnell.
One group developed six criteria for
evaluation of a system of pics: (1)
Rules should help make a student more
mature. Rules which involve students
having to make decisions for themselves
will be most likely to aid the matching
process. (2) Rules should involve a grammar assumption of responsibilities. (3) A
proposed set of rules should attempt to
minimize problems of transition, but the
existence of these problems should not
pressure v a l u a b l e and beneficial
changes. (4) Rules should arise from a
community consensus, from the entire
Grinnell community and not just one
segment or it. (5) Rules should segment,
not regard, a sense oi community respond
mobility. (6) Rules Should reflect a desire
to minimize aversive controls. Behavior
can be regulated more effectively, and
With more profit to the student, without
structuring all facets of Student behavior
through a highly legalistic set of rules.
Students' actions should be prohibited
upon responsibility to themselves and to
the community in which they live.
Other areas of campus concern that
were discussed were women's hours,
privacy, the Forum and its shortcomings, the bookstore. campus wages, open
forms, relations among faculty, students,
and administration, the responsibility oi
the college toward sexual and other per—
local behavior, majority, and the
process of social developments.
Several words were consistently used
throughout the weekend — involvement,
excitement, configuration, experience.
commitment. Whether these and the
other ideas oi engagement have any
lasting value for Gi-inncll depends on the
willingness oi all students to think write<
calls and to act effectively so that we
may come closer to living up to our
ideals.
pseA
(Continued from Page 1)
pages and individuals at draft reflect
basic ends and ignore hyprocl‘tries and
inconsistencies, acts and institutions be
come outcomes and lose personality.
Yet times do change. New leaders
bring new hopes and renewal minor.
Tile rational, critical spirit which is at
the essence of every liberal education recovery privacy in thought and action.
functioning Begins
we at Grihnell are beginning again
to ask questions. our society is open to
honest registration. The challenge to
question and grow now has already been
issued. The process has begun, Faculty,
student and administrative committees
have assumed wide responsibiltles in
areas or educational policy, campus planning and student life. But it would be a
mistake to present that these commons
teen can or should operate in isolation.
Success requires registration of the
whole community. Committees are ef-
receive only instead as they reflect and
articulate the sense of the community.
The registration of accepted forms
and institutions is an intensity personal
as well as comments process. A society
becomes address and vocational when its
members lose sight of its rational basis
and legitimate ends. The task of comments reconstruction inevitably involves
individual documentation. No member of
the community is exempt from the process. Each must recognize as unacceptable, in an essentially rational society.
qualifications on emotional or traditional
grounds.
In curriculum matters our narrow da<
sites to turn out the best biologist or
best economics may work against our
purpose to turn out the best man possible unless we are careful to subscribe
ate and condition departmental ends to
the liberal arts ends of the college.
Desire to be list
The desire to be visible “best" can be
litiiltilying as well as invigorating. MaSe
site building projects, fancy special programs and the like are languages easy
to sell to an undiscerning public but not
always particularly necessary or of high
priority.
Grinnell has some defining building
and programming needs that should be
recognized and furnished in the near fu«
sure. Recreational and physical education facilities are woeiully inadequate.
overcrowding in residence calls, the binary and state offices is a serious concern. Several classroom buildings and
all oi the residence calls require sub—
starting innovation and improvement.
Extracurricular and psychological counseling services should be strengthened.
These are areas which should always
concern but never preoccupy the college
community and its leadership.
inconsistent Social Structure
It is in the creation of a social serum
sure consistent will-l the liberal education ends of the college that individuals
iiiid it most difficult to recognize the
vocational in themselves. unnecessary
restrictions batteries on moves developed and accepted by previous ages
are arbitration imposed and qualified
on jimmy, superﬁdial grounds. The really is a condition among students or
decent, hypocrisy and moral ambiguity
where motivation and moral development should be taking place. The translation of inconsistencies and the development or a same and possible regulatory structure are happened by the
childhood presuppositions ol older corporations and the genuine desire oi
younger to escape moral responsibilities.
It's “in” these days to henry the lack
oi critical discussion on campus concerning the adjust and vocational in American
society and in the world. Statements
have been made to the effect that what
is needed at Grinnell is more critical
thinking, but, please, let it be directed
at the society beyond the campus which
"really needs it". This is impossible.
c cal Sp t
As stated before, the liberal, critical
spirit cannon be compartmentally ap—
tried. What goes for the outside world,
needs to go for Grinnell as well. The degree oi our effectiveness in criticizing
and reconstruction along rational lines
url own Grinnell community will be indicating or our chances of success in
dealing originally and constructively
with the outside world.
Only when we wholeheartedly chat
large the vocational and irrelevant in
society at immediate levels, Le. at
Tuesday, October II. I?“
Grinnell levels, only then, can we hope
to challenge meaningfully its boundary
and inadequacies at the more remote
levels of Washington or diet Nam.
)Aws
(Continued from Page 1)
which expressed trust in students and a
confidence in their ability to learn and
grow if provided proper incentive and
informal guidance.
investigated Women's Hours
Specifically this leads to the suites.
lion of investigated hours for all Grinnell women, the opportunity to live in
oil—campus apartments i! they wish,
and a confidential sign out system.
More importantly, however, it implies
the necessity for trained personnel to
assist individual controlling and social
programming, a procedure to execute
students in the facts and obligations of
premarital relations, and a student commitment to the challenge of individual
informal creativity in social, extracurrlcular and academic investors.
Standards oi acceptable conduct can<
not and need not always be prescribed
in the form of specific regulations or
limitations. A student may gain significant benefits from having substantial
responsibility for his own progress in a
system that allows for individual differences.
The social environment, too, may be a
construction influence toward education
after college. There is undeniable Value
to patterns which favor the development
of personality and the integration of
young adults in a general learning until<
union — but these patterns must not be
imposed,
A system of hours which functions
not only to protect women, but in sexuality acts to aggregate the sites by
isolation women, is at best a negative
and displaying form oi alternative.
The college must have confidence in
its men and women to respond mature—
ly in an atmosphere of trust while at
the same time receiving that there
may be healthy turmoil involved in the
motivation process and that mistakes
will be made and can be valuable in
any educational endeavor.
Guidance Needed
ll structural recordings are of limited
value, it must still be realized that they
do serve the purpose of providing some
guidance. Merely removing these recordings would be a wholly inadequate
solution. A construction effort must be
made to replace slructllrai limits by informative types of informal personal
controlling. Hours alone do not help
freshmen answer their orientation ‘
questions or anyone solve the normal
problems of adjustment and growth.
Opportunities are needed for comments discussion within the calls and
channels must be certified for direction
serious academic or personal problems
to qualified faculty or administrative
courses,
in attempting to overcome the moral
ambiguity of the present system we must
not be satisfied merely to accept either
the pictures of conventional moral standards or moral views under the guy or
sex education or orientation. A lack of
virtual information and confidential assistance for the student in coming to
understand the psychological and social
implications at his actions is inexcusable.
The peer group relations is primary in
the motivation process and students
must share equally in the requirements
of defining ways to provide this needed
 
GRINNELL COLLLGE
Stacie! and Black ennui. i...
i u... ...... who... on... .i u. or... y... o or...
nail Conllnlllee on student eiibliauilons. represented top national after—
rising by National Advertising service, inc college Publishers genre-
scuiiiivc, lb Ensl build slim, New York,
Y. Second class postﬂga
paid at oi-imicll, iowa. Subscription nu: 5.00 per school year. lsoil bind
subscriptions.
EDITOR . ,.
BUSINESS MANAGER ,
.. Harold jason
susan will
 
 
Tuesday. October oil l9“)
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
 
guidance. in Man for l-himself, which
room suggests that,
“Virtue is responsibiity toward his
own existence. Evil constitutes the
computing of man‘s powers; vice iii
lrresponsihillty toward himself.”
challenge of Freedom
Students are then faced with the
most demanding challenge —- the
infectious task of improving our total
ovlronmont and recruiting student
positions and actions within it. The
freedom gained by a proposal for investigated women’s hours would not
be an easy freedom. The construction
of personal standards is a didﬁcult but
creative and worthwhile activity. it
will require not only the sensitivity of
student government leaders and administration to creative innovations
but the commitment of the entire community, particularly the student element, to the search for the intense
hotelﬂal believe to be found in the demands or student responsibility.
) Senate
(Continued from Page i)
dependence, we can discover by our«
serves new methods to release student
energy and creativity. an that is re.
quoted is a medication to the idea that
students can beach themselves and
each other. A commitment to this
idea will open new paths to the en.
recipient of our student culture
through me development of intellectual activity outside the classroom.
Two specific forms which student intellectual activity can take are independent, interdisciplinary seminars and
a voluntary, student organized interim
period devoted to independent study.
Student seminars can meaningiully explore in a similarly fashion subjects that
are now ignored by or insuliicienily handled within the present curriculumr
Several students have already suggested a number of imagination topics on
which the interdisciplinary approach
could be used. They include the 101losing:
The effect of the development of
science on the role and tone oi
religion.
Euthanasia.
Studies in current non - ﬁunion.
Urban studies.
The Darw' an Revolution.
The genetic control of human life.
The effect of language, per se, on
the different. interesting developments between diagnostic groups.
Birth control.
Studies in the problems of communication of underdeveloped areas This is
certainly not exhaustive, but suggests
instead the assurance oi possible cuba
tests around which student seminars can
be organized.
Overall Perspective
interdisciplinary studies not only provide a useful approach to special subjects of similarly concern but also offer
a means by which students can gain a
sense oi the relationship between their
discipline and other disciplines. ConSequently, this approach is a step in
achieving the liberal arts objective oi
giving students an overall perspective
on the World.
These seminars are most Valuable as
a learning emergency ii the major works
behind them is Student motivation to
gain an understanding oi subjects beyond those covered in the classroom. At
student organized seminars, faculty
members would play only a minimal
role that would not extend beyond an ad—
visory capacity. The demands on the
faculty would not exceed the contribution that a member of the faculty would
wisdom make because oi his or re:
similarly interest in the subject treated
by a seminar.
Voluntary interim
The goals of an delivered student culture and the creation of an intellectual
community would also be served it we
students organized a voluntary interim
session during, perhaps, the last week oi
Christmas vacation. Such a period
would allow time for students, who applied for the session, to pursue independent study and reading. A number at
student programs could occur during the
period. It would be a valuable time for
the organization of independent student
seminars for second semester. Special
fine arts workshops, a student art show,
and small concerts given by Grinnelilans
would be worthy and creative activities
for the session.
Students could present papers, possibly from work done in previous independent projects, to student discussion
groups. Discussions on a significant and
controversial hook, assigned (or the interim session, would provide an activity for all participants. iii - campus
welfare projects in Grinneli or Des
points could be organized during the
interim period. Most importantly, the
session would provide a time free of
curriculum treasures wh en students
could actively and creativity contribute
to the transformation of the College into
a community,
Independent seminars and a student
organized interim session are but two
of several possibilities for student
intellectual activities. regularly clubs
and discussion groups could proliferate on campus. Student soap ~ box
rebates would be likely outlets for
student. ideas. All these activities
would improve our student culture and
would deeper the intellectual experience involved in a Grinneil education.
The success of such activities is continuing, however, on the acceptance
by students of the challenge explicit
in the replication that we can learn on
our own and that we can learn, in
a cooperative manner, from each
other.
Declare Independence
it we students declared our independence from the established curriculum by
developing independent intellectual e
dealers, we could indicate to those i
joined in the revision of the curriculum
the potentialities of allowing S t Ll d en t
emerging order rain. The positive nature
of providing more room in the curriculum for greater individual develop
ment and innovation in similarly efforts
could be illustrated by student contract—
tions to the intellectual like of this col»
legs. More specsﬁcalls, student interdisctplinary seminars could point to the
inclusion in the curriculum of these
types of studies.
In the weeks ahead, the Academic
Life Committee oi the Senate will be
exploring innovations that might help
change Grinneli from a college into an
intellectual community. The committee
Will be concerned with both particular
revision and intellectual activities outside the classroom.
)CofHP
(Continued from Page 1)
limits. Those limits are to be determined
by a necessary consideration and concern for others. But freedom is reciprocal and also involves respect for the
freedom of others.
Discussion in the future Should not begin with the idea oi 24 hour restriction
but with an ideal of Z4 hour (reading of
movement. Open forms should not be
concerned as a privilege, but as due and
natural. Beginning with an assumption
of 24 hour opens or natural, alld that is
the assumption made by home-owners
and apartment dwellers beyond the campus. we must then determine what reStrictions al'e investigated by considers-
, lion for others.
Some limitations are considered never-
mary in our directory situation. tuesday
evening, which are times oi study for
most, can probably be legitimately distinguished team weekend earnings in
which substantial numbers engage in social activities. Late evening and morning
hours are times when under traffic in
the holidays is most discussing and inconsiderate. Given these conditions it is
probably both practical and desirable to
set specific limits to the times at which
visitors of the opposite sex might room
freely in the residence calls. The following suggested open rooms policy permits reasonable freedom for those who
wish to invite guests to their rooms while
yet wondering privacy and sexual inclusion to those who desire it.
Vi king privileges:
Monday through Thursday — 11 A.M.
to 7 PM.
Friday through Saturday — 11 AM.
i0 11 PM.
Sunday ~— 1 RM. to 7 RM.
By maintaining the right or individual
residence calls to restrict the hours oi
limitation further when deemed necessary
by a majority of the membership, this
appears to be a portable and reasonable open forms policy.
Those who impose any change in the
open forms policy should look at the considerable geneﬁt that an expanded program would have both to the individual
and the community. Those, on the other
hand, who quickly accept any expanded
open forms proposal should be aware
of the implications of this proposal for
the much wider problem at improved
the community as a whole.
Informal Contact
One reason for promoting this extension is to attempt to establish greater
informal social contact. Some progress
has been made in this area. Forum jam
sessions were organized to appeal to a
wider range of students than the usual
dates-only crowd. This year’s telecom—
ing is following the same principle. Other
solutions must be sought in this field.
The Creation of this kind of an atmosphere in which mixed groups oi students
may interact on an informal basis will
surely have implications beyond the social sphere. It will also benefit the academic environment. The general lack of
participation in classroom discussions at
Grinneli is appearing, especially when
one looks at the favorites student-faculty ratio. A primary reason for this is
that the students are united to Verbalizing ideas, to reaching to the opinions of
others, to discussing matter with adults,
and to receiving any port of themselves
to others than a very limited Circle of
friends.
This interactive ol ideas would be reflected not only in the classroom but
also in the general intellectual tone or
the campus. Programs such as interdisciplinary seminars, voluntary interim
sessions, and faculty-student discussion
groups would assume real significance.
A community oi scholars would become
something more than a handbook slovak.
Consideration for Others
A third contribution that an extension
or open forms would make, outside or
the strictly social or intellectual areas,
is in creating a better relationship be<
green the sites. hopefully, under a
more liberal policy, the forms will more
closely approximate normal living conditions in which one must show Consid—
edition for the convenience and privacy
of others as well as one’s own implications.
The introduction of both sites into
directory living should be reflected in
the dress and speech habits of the
students and probably in a reduction
of prankish behavior. Given the opportunity to be normally mature, we
believe that the students will respond
approximately. The countries and appreciation reception which North
Campus gave to a recent serenade
brown South Campus is an indication
that the students are capable of such
A response.
In the past, discussions of open forms
have always gotten logged down with
the sex issue. center Kirkendali, writing
for the Journal of the Nauonai Association of Women‘s means and counseling,
believes that, "we need to develop an
approach in which the focus is on development of relationships which will
enhance a sense of integrity and trust
in relationships. extension with sex, as
the only, or even the major, moral issue,
should give way to a concern for the social use of all our facilities.”
There are certain things a college
can and can’t do. It can’t, even through
a highly-structured rules system. impose a set of values upon the student.
by late evanescence, behavior is most
strongly inﬂdenied by the peer-group.
According to Kirkentlaii, external
authority, whether parental oi- instead<
tionai, “can, at the most, hammer and
inconvenience rather than prevent."
Negative Response
The negative results or this excessive
control can be seen in the attitude of
the students. department is built up
against an vocational system which contains individual responsibility and students adhEl‘e to their personal values
even it it means going outside of the
system. Eventually, this can only heaven the community
On the other hand, the college can,
and should, aid the student in developing his own sense of personal responsibility and integrity and encourage
him to relate it to his life outside the
classroom. msn‘t this the real purpose
of education? And inn’t this what Grinnell has failed to do?
introspection Needed
Finally, there must be not only examination, but also introspection. As students, we should certainly look carefully at college policies concerning opens,
hours, off-campus living and resident advisors. There is the further obligation,
however, to look at ourselves.
We blast recognize the businesses in
our society and attempt to remedy
ihcm. Water rights, spring roots, and
certain aspects of our wrapping programs fall into this category. Only
when we can see a single issue, like
open forms, as a part oi this much lang—
er program, only then can we begin a
construction information oi our environments.
} Soc‘ l
(Continued from Page i)
Room, King or the Rocket Man, The
Blues project, Forum Film Series.
The administration must recognize the
drain on the student activities fee due
to buildings and Grounds costs for concerts and cancer at which the entire
College community is invited. In 1965-66
the amount oi money that was paid to
E 8: G for [our of these events could
have gone toward one major concert,
or eight io iiiiecn movies in A R, H.
or as many as forty Forum jam sessions. An increase in the activities fee
would not be as helpful as elimination
grateful B a <3 expenditures.
There is a great need for more intel'may recreational facilities and more
flexibility in those facilities already pre»
sent. A campus of Grinnell's size should
have more than two pool tables and more
than two ping long tables and they
should be available for student use more
than a few hours each day.
Flex dirty Needed
The scheduling or weekend events as
if every student will attend them one at
a time must be eliminated, All students
will not attend a xerox quarter can—
cart or an A.R.H. film. More competition between events is not necessary——
more ﬂliability is.
finally crime" students must lake
more initiative in their social life. They
must not count on the events of a
monthly activities calendar to keep
them normally engaged. They must
learn to segment it _ build around
it — build on ll.
 
avoid-Qobc’o-Quofo ..
ameesw mere . :
viSuaL - visual- UCSUAL
ANTHONy MGRTN
 
