[Administration Takes Stand on runs
Show: w
Oldest College Newspaper Wm er the Miniuippi
 
Vol LXXiII
Grinneliylowa, Friday, April 22. 1956
PERHAPS PONDERING the Lab that lay ahead, President Glenn suggest
had a power expression on
is race as he let party Gym last Sunday
aim being illustrated Grinnell'i rights president.
non: PICTURES 0N PAGES 4.5
 
Just Another Senate Meeting
Until Bucks Delivers Speech
By DICK CHADY
The Senate meeting was goingto be
list another Senate meeting—filled with
the events which alter and illuminate
student politics: continuing nominations
and establishing committees.
The SGA President announced that he
had attended several committee meetings; the AWS Board President said
that hours were being reevaluated,
Men's hours lines
To Have More file
From now on students who take more
than a week to pay their Men’s Primary Court files risk going on conduct
promotion, according to Tim Daily,
Chief Magistrate of that court.
Daily said that since November they
have handed out eight files and only
two have been paid. “In other words, the
court is being ignored," said Daily.
Week to Pay
Under the old system a student was
given a week to either pay his fine or
appeal it to the high court. If the student
didn't pay, there was no way for the
court to get the money.
Under the new system, after the week
has expired the Court will recognized
COURT—
(continued on Page 6)
. handed;'
. 3&6 committee has been stuffed and
room drawings were in process and that
the studies committee had been disthe soil-{P president said the
that discussions about generations in
men's calls were proceeding; the Social
‘ Coordinator announced a new Gadabouts
chairman and the schedule of social
and the Chief Magistrate of the
, Men's Primary Court announced revised
court procedures that had been in-
' situated.
Then the Speaker of the Senate turned
his report (Item F on the agenda) into
an attack on the bureaucratic perspeCe
time of student government.
In a prepared speech, Dan Bucks infected “leadership groups" for mailing to
“overcome bureaucratic concerns and
inquire imagination and idealism." He
said that it was the task of “those on
the periphery of influence" to “proc the
centers of decision-making into considering new ideas."
He said that the failures of the hureaucratic perspective are that it over.
emphasizes short-term problems, places
too high a premium on consensus, and
breeds a "cult of confidentiality.“
“It seems that while we excel at but
democracy and administration. we tail
as creature of ideas.” Because bureaucracy places too high a premium on con-
SENATE—
(continued on Page 7)
No. 26
Drug Use on Rise
0n College Campus
By BOB HODIERNE
It you talk to lots of different kinds
of people on campus about marijuana at
Grinnell you become convinced that its
use increased greatly this past fall. But
Gl'innell is not alone in this respect. A!
Federal varieties Commissioner Henry
L. Giordano said in testimony to the
House Appropriations Subcommittee in
March, “This drug—taking trend in colleges has bumper a great deal in the
last two years. 1’
How widespread the use of marijuana
is on campus is an open question. When
describing other computer the chief psychiatrist at the University of California
at herself said “at any big-city university or sophisticated. small liberal
arts college, ll) per cent of the students
will experiment with LSD or marijuana."
Most students who will venture esti—
rates also indicate that the number of
students who continue to use marijuana
after a few contacts is very small, The
number of one—or two—time users who
try it just to see what it’s like seems to
be fairly substantial
Further, the type of student who tries
It does not seem to be limited. or in
other words, not just the so—called
“beats" have tried marijuana. “Nice"
kids have tried it for the same reason
DRUG USE—
(continued on Page 1)
'Liberal' Politics
Of NSA Cause
Varied Response
By ANN KIRSCHNER
The National Student Association. a
consideration of approximately 325 college and university student governments,
has been accused over the past few
years of not accurately representing its
members. At the forefront of the write.
cisco are the National STDPANSA Committee and the Young Americans for
Freedom. It has been said that NSA
is staunchly supported by Communist
and other left-wing groups.
Literature concerning the various at.
minutes toward NSA was anonymously
submitted to the SH! this past week.
Included was a pamphlet put out by
the STOP-NSA Committee. which George
Wittgraf, Grinnell’s NSA Coordinator.
says is several years old and‘probably
inaccurate. According to the pamphlet,
"NSA has become increasingly involved
in political activity" so that “its serv-
ices to member schools have become'
negligible ” The committee charges that '
NSA has not been satisfactorily fulfill-
NSA—
(continued on Page 6)
Will Issue Statement
To Parents, Students
Grinnell’s administration tomorrow
will issue a three page statement to the
student body about “Student Use of
Drugs."
The statement — to be placed in mailboxes and mailed to the parents of students tomorrow —- says that the called.
"will not adopt the position that ‘it can'(
happen here', but does afford a high
level of confidence in the mature judgment of its student body when drugs on
rumors of drug use are present, and offers the full extent of its resources in
meeting concerns of students. "
The statement is offered (according to
its introduction) “in response to a recent
warning and appeal by the Food and
Drug Administration of the United State!
Department of Health, Education, and
Welfare, and also in response to current
discussion among students, parents, edlh
colors, and the general public."
The statement — several months in
preparation — was originally to be released late in May when a book by
Richard Goldstein about drugs on campus (Hey Mr. tambourine Man: Drug;
on Campus) is scheduled to be receivers
A recent flood of publicity about drugs .
on other computer, however, promoted
the administration to release the report
now. Earlier this week an Iowa City
newspaper printed a story about drugs
on the campus there that evidentally
caught the University of Iowa administration by surprise, president suggest
indicated that he didn’t want Grinnell to
be put in a position to deal with this issue
after it had been brought up by someone
else.
The three-page statement is essence<
ally a statement about the possible of.
facts oi various drugs. It is frank and
clinical.
The statement concluded saying that
DRUG STATEMENT—
(continued on Page 7)
iiiiilliiiitlliiiiilliiiiiilliiiiillliilllllliiiillliiiilllliiiillliiiiillliiililliiillllliitillliiiillliiilll
New Look—
The charles and Bllclr bu
changed its printing format to!
the first time in 31 years tell
week. We have made It, on
think, easier to read and mom
pleasant to look at.
To do this we have ordered
each column of type by onetlurd inch (this column is nearly
the size of the old columns) and
cut the number from five to
four.
We have also eliminated the
line between the columns (called
“sales”) and left I wider separation of nothing but what.
space (called “letters").
We are also varying the sin
and style of type more now the.
we did in the past.
We hope that you will fed
free to comment on the chains"
Bob Hodlem
Editor
iiiillliiiillliiiilliiiiilllliiiiillliiiilllliiiillliiiiiillliiiiillliiNilllliiillliiiilllliiiillliliitl‘l
ADDRESS HEREr
6291103 [IOUU‘KJQ
so. blog; ortqnd
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 22, INA-
 
Scarle’r and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGI
Grillull. low:
A weekly new! over published each Fnauy at me college year by the time! Committee on Student Publlca
sons. represented mr DEKiOnal advertising by Nunanui Adv
during service, inc. college Publishers ucpresenuulvs,
is Easi 5mi- speed, New York 22, NY. Second class posts
are paid an Grinnell, law. Subscription hits 35.00 on
school veai, lsoo mud subscriptions
EDITOR ..
BUSINESS MANAGER .._.
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
copy non-on .
scores EDITOR
FEATURE EDITOR .
EXCHANGE EDITOR
CIRCULATION MANAGER
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT
PHOTOGRAPHERS
REPORTERS
not college
nokia susan
Alnn mlmd
mm mm
Sim asus
Amie mm
gsui anulev
bobby PInnWlli
suzy will
. , , , rim Crlsl
.. . Scott Plrrls 5. John Won
D|ck chevy. Clll’ly money, Ynul k, :one, Aim Klrschner,
Mary calcium, km Nusn. bobby runnwiil, iunc Pnnsh,
Delblln ulcc, .judy Scnu, L|non Seckehon, penn Whitaker
Editorial .. .
Drugs ai Grinnell
7 The use of drugs at Grinnell does not, we believe,
constitute a “problem.” In the fall of this year we
started doing research into the use of drugs, especially
marijuana, on campus Since Christmas time, when
we learned of a book that would come out this spring
monitoring Grinnell and drug usage, we have interpreted over 60 students who supported to know some—
thing about drug usage at Grinnell. Many of these
Said they had tried marijuana. Many said they hadn't
Almost all knew of someone who had. Almost all
agreed that there was no “problem” as such,
1‘ The “problem” will start now with ofﬂcampus
reaction. Some parents will be indignant. Some gifts
,will be withdrawn from the college, This kind of reaction is charitable. A major portion of it will probably be headed off because the administration made
a statement in advance of any educational break in the
Story,
What we hope happens on campus now is that
marijuana and other available drugs are discussed
opened and effectively. We hope that students will
take the time to study the report issued by the administration and even better, study still other information on the topic
We know that no matter what is said about drugs
'some students are going to try them. We hope that
when they do they will have informed themselves
about the potential rangers.
A New NOUS
Once there was a magazine on campus called
NOUS. It died a quiet death. It was a magazine devoted to articles about philosophy and as such had
fairly narrow appeal. ,
Now NOUS may be represented, A proposal before the finance committee of the Senate would english Grinnell Review as such and incorporate the
literature traditionally published in the Review with
new publication, a new NOUS.
The proposal has our complete support, We think
it is time that the “third publication” be given a new,
bigger and (person the expression) flashing format.
We think it could be a big step in promoting more creative writing and thinking.
Nexi Week
Next week the SA’LB will print “The Liberal Liberal Arts College and Its Students: Part II, Carleton."
current Loomis, a junior majority in government at
Carleton, writes the likely discussion of life at that
Northfield school. His comments are interesting as
,well as informative,
l Roberts
I had always been told — and believed —
that you should maintain your sense of humor. So I was checklist mostly as l logged
my Air-Foam suit case onto the train behind
me.
"Where're you going?” detailed the consumer, a seller type with a white shirt with
a dirty collar.
“The Territories.”
“First car in your right."
“IS there a Club car?”
“Yeah. three cars that way."
I found a seat. I was alone in a double
seat. I sat on the title hoping that it would
make it harder for someone else to sit with
me. People Sit down if the title seat is vacant
but not many bother to step over you.
The porter in the club car wanted my
ID, i spent an extra time and had Beeteaters instead of Inc American brand may
were serving. I didn't talk to anyone in the
car and after the third one I felt I was seeing
things in perspective and felt pretty good
about leaves.
fighter’ out as it were.
I stopped to think about how light the suitable really was this time. Nu books makes
a lot of difference when it comes to the
amount of weight you have to carry around.
“College kid?" It was some traveling
salesman type next lo me.
“Yes. Well. yeah, sort bi."
“Vacation time. Going home for vacation,
hub?”
"Well, no, not exactly" I didn't want to
talk to him,
“Going home for the weekend."
“No, I’m not going home, you see . . I"
Paul Roberts
Rules Of Disorder
"Oh, I see. Going lo visit your girl some
where. I remember when I was in college —
went to college you know, during the depression, I knew how much an education would be
worth, helped me get where I am today ~ I
remember going to visit girls at other schools.
Kind of nice, you can sort of have as many
as you want that way. They never {ind out
about one another. Yeah, I remember college."
"No, I’m leaving school." I bit into 1
piece of ice in the medium of my glass.
The salesman leader forward, printed I
little and whispered “They kick you out?"
“on no, no, I just left.” l was looking for a
way to get away from this guy, I could just
excuse myself and leave I guess.
“That was a mistake. Real big mistake.
My God son how will you ever make a living
Without a college education? If it wash't for
my college education I’d be just another
salesman but now I'm sales director in this
whole area. A two state area and every Autostrong spring in the district that’s sold I’m responsible tori I one what I am to my college
education."
“Listen, I’d better get back to my seat.
I'm pretty tired and ”
“No, listen here a While. Think of the sacrifice your parents made to get you into
school and this far, Do they know you’re leavIng?" i didn’t answer. or course they didn't
know. “Hell, if I’d done that my old man
would have heat the living islands nut bl me.”
I started to get up but he granted my sleeve.
“What're you going to do with yourself now?
They’ll draft you you know."
“I'm going to my seat and sleep."
And I left the club car.
lillilllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllilmlllumilllllIIIllllllIIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIillllulllllllllllllllllllllll:
'Acl Hocl never
EDI NOTE: The following is a letter sent
lo the Ad doc Committee on Hall Reorganization,
Your purpose, as we understand ii, is to
make policy recommendations to president
suggest concerning the residence hall su-uc.
sure. We believe, though, that you have been
assigned a task witch, given the present
framework {or discussion, is beyond your
capacity to carry out, Specifically, we are
disturbed that in all discussions so far about
the “North Campus Problem," no statement
at the purposes or a hall system has been
mentioned. Without such a statement. we {all
to understand how any recommendations
could have beneficial effects except by sheer
click.
We assume that the question of hall revision arise in response to widespread faculty
and administration opinion that the hall system, as constitutes, was failing to fulfill the
aims of a Grinnell education We wonder,
though. If your committee DI‘ anyone else has
a clear idea of What those aims are. A series
of highly idealisilc statements appears on
pages 20-21 of the College Bulletin, but we
wonder If they are specsﬁc enough to be refer
want, either as the Working policy oi the co]legs, or as a basis of evaluation for your committee. Do these statements constitute a efficiently applicable set of expectations to serve
as criteria [or empirical study? It would seem
that problems are measured by the degree bi
experience between the reality and the idea].
But ii understanding of either is in any degree packing, IS not any attempt to deﬁne his
problem an exercise in facility? And do inc
objectives of the college, as stated, give that
adequate understanding?
We have made reference to the aims of
Grinnell education, aims which reply that the
scope of your advertising should not he limited lo the residence hall system. it is our continued‘i that llie residence hall system is not
an einiiy unto itself, but rather that it is an
integral part of the total Grinnell educational
complex, and that it should be treated as since.
We quote li-om page 21 or the College bulletin:
Grinnell College exists to achieve these
nine purposes (the nine objectives as
stated on pages 20-21) which relate master to the kind of person the individual is
to become. The courses, examinations,
laboratories, term papers, sports, residence hall life, student. self-government—
the apparatus, in slim _ can be certified
only it they are instrumental toward these
goals,
If Grinnell is to maintain any direction toward education its students in future years,
it must first make Clear what it means by the
educational process, This facilitates both evans
marion of the success of the present program
and projection of future programs upon a pr8<
established standard. A definition of [he edt<
national process, its end and means, is now
necessary, not only for competent evaluation
of the residence hall system, but also lo
clarity areas of the Grinnell educational counties that are experiencing the same state of
chaos and confusion oi goals that it is. Education needs to be skilled out in terms that will
justify [he disorganization of the lecture pro»
gray, that will disney present dissatisfaction or
freshmen With the Humanities and Historical
Studies program, thai will justify the lack bi
courses syllabi clearly explaining course content, processors‘ expectations of moms, and
trading systems that will explain the lack of
instrumentation to develop better meiiiods or
education, that will explain the objectives or
die admissions policies, [hat will explain, in
detail, the relationship of the student with his
faculty advisor and other facility members,
and that will explain the lack of a vigorous
course evaluation program,
We recognize that n is not your task is set
fourth educational goals of the college. We
believe, however, that in the absence of such
a directive, any policy recommendations you
might make would be irrelevant and meaning.
less, Convmced that useful change comes only
through an understanding oi the problem, and
that understanding IS gained only dimugh
sound methodology, we urge that instead, you
make procedures recommendations along the
lines he suggest,
Dan hudson
Sam mothers
Mike canyon
Mary link
i llitiliilttlllivilillliii-‘iii.
 
Friday. April 22, I965
SCARLET A ND BLACK
Page Thrau
 
Problem ls Spiri‘i
To the Editor:
To many people, the basic problem at Grin<
hell is not open forms, BELG, or the hall system, but the spirit and atmosphere of the college me, both academic and social. final to
all colleges in general and the small liberal
arts college in particular is an active (3011‘
com on the part of the students for what they
are doing and what is happening around
them. A number of other colleges have many
of the same aspects as Grinnell — size, rules,
inclusion —- but have much different atmosphere. What these schools have that Grinnell
does not have are student bodies which are
aware. excited, and available. It is this lack
of vibrator and excitement which is basic to
the Grinnell campus problem.
What we need is an hiring of emotions and
an intellectual interactive of those topics
which should be important to us — the role
at the student in the community, the active
process of learning, current events, speakers,
concerts, and everything else which we should
be concerned about.
The 5&3 has a direct function and respond elite in the formation of such a specialized atmosphere. As the ideal medium—
in terms of format and distribution—the 5853
should carry on discussions arising from colluqlliurns. review stimulating events, and pose
discussions 0! the'ideas and questions involved. Discussion is a direct step toward an
environment where there is an excited interactive and conﬂict of ideas, and outdoors. The
Shit should are-evaluate its role in the building of an active and library Grinnell.
Dan Cheltetz
leads in ‘Faniasiicks'
‘Engagingly innocent’
By BRUCE MCCONACHIE
Both Stephanie Lewis and sorry Nelson
were engagingly innocent as the Girl and Boy.
Although Stephanie‘s Voice was weak and
sorry's stage movement forward, we never
lost interest in their poetry melodrama.
Tom Pope and Milt google, their fathers.
were quite funny. Their suffering louisville dance in the “Vegetable Song” is one or
the highlights of the show.
But the real comics of the show were Max
Heltgott and Keith King, the dying indian
and the aging actor. A precise sense of timing
made their performances especially removable.
Ruthie Sternberg, who portraits the cute.
was grateful and exact.
when the cast was taking its certain call.
they turned to applied Anne robinson and
Janet Hamilton for their accompaniment at
the piano and harpsicord. I thank them too.
In general. the comic parts of the show
were the best, and the romantic scenes, the
nearest. But this last price is more an argument with the script than the production.
The cast may have been steven in talent,
but all of them shared in the spirit at the
show. We knew they were enjoying it and this
increased our own pleasure. Rick MacDoweit.
the operator, was outstanding. His is a
physically evaluating role’and i was amazon
that he never seemed out of breath. Rick's
title movements, his strong voice and the
Mephistophelean print in his eyes beautifully
carried the show.
“The Fantasticks" is unique among an
well productions in that it was ﬁcancer by
Student agreement. I am glad that the SGA
leaders have a broad connection of their responsibilities and I hope that they will undertake a similar venture next year.
 
PHOTO CREDITS
rugs adverse
page odiernc
Pageﬁ. Hodieme, except dance by
Won
Patronize Our
Advertisers
VDU IIMI EARN UP T014 HIJUI'IS 0F
COLLEGE CREDIT WHILE
, 'l’ajiiiitlUR
.woouus still?
Don‘t store you! wooden: at home . . . ﬂera
them with us the convenient BOX STORAGE
' Sillliililli
ilIIS SUMMER
III THE NATION'S EAFITAL
AT THE GEORGE
WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY
A program designed to make
the unparalleled resources or
Washinmn, no. available to
students in other cutIEKes Ind
universities.
JUNE l3-JULY 20
JULY 21-AUGUST 26
- Special 3-week workshops in
Education begin June is,
July 5, unit July 25
» Air-conditional classrooms.
library and residence hall
wuyl w. iurnirii the box . . , you till it iuil
at your winter payments, then return it to or
for moihaaio, tire-rate, they-price storage
throughout the manual. Nothing to pay
until Full and than only on. low bulk-storage
rate (plus regular cleaning charges), regardless at
how many payment; your box contained.
Here’s STORAGE Ihaf’s
easy . . . mmnv tool
MORE
RMEN‘IS FOR Y0“
san EVERYTHING:
Donahoe To Go On Leave Next Year;
Will Lecture at San Francisco State
red Donahue, major - demo
or the drama department, will
absent himself from the Griii<
well scene for a one-year leave
during the academic year 196667. Donahoe looks forward to
his adventure at San Francisco
State College: “It will be plea.
want once more to get out of
the Poweshiek parameter into a
new teaching experience."
Donahue will serve on the
San Francisco State C older a
faculty in the capacity of guest
lectures, teacher, and director.
He will teach a course in act-
ing and direction, and Will direct
and produce two plays. He and
a former colleague are planning to establish a prerprotessional program {or the Master
of Fine Arts degree.
Donahoe came to Grinneil In
1956 alter a Iourryear saint on
the faculty of wellington College in Vermont. Among Donahue’s many stunning prozac<
tions at Grinnell have been
O’still‘s Long Day’s Journey
into Night, Brecht’s education
shall Circle, Shaw's Major
Barbara, Claudel’s The ratings
brought to Mary, force's kenya, and Anouilh's Antigone.
 
til?
1. What print ol but no you
wearing today?
Forest ranger.
a. Wouldn't you be better off
using some of the things
you’ve learned in school?
You mean like The
jimmy incl Fundamentals
of Bookbinding?
5. HM you considered
insurance?
Do they need {most
rangers?
his.
._ What happened to th.
with helmet?
Deep down, r"
trips created DI
being . ranger.
4 inn n modelling )utc'rs
quilihrtl mobility math,
I'm looking for a job
where I can ﬁnd tlrltml
and excitementitn say
nothing oi n (Icci nr
staiiLllird of living.
a. At available, the have.
whole since oi jo s that alter
challenge. Actuarial science
and marketing. Systems and
operations research.
Storage Insurance Costs: 2%
of declared vslu. plus the cost
a! cleaning snii pressing. Store
only available in w. oi de.
viewed valuation. sl minimum.
Securities analysis and
insurance operations.
Suits, boats, Dresses;
Jackets and
Other wooden;
o urban campus inst tour
blocks (mm the White Hous-
uni- tar callsﬂzlll‘
ii... of n. 1 could always
spend my vacation:
in the woods,
Summer Shsirm;
tin Gentle
washington
Unmrsio
Washington, 0.1:.
mon
Free taxi service Wm you bring your clothes to our cities. Your chicago agent get: full commission on these orders. For taxi service —
1354525 For career opportunities at available, see your rincciucnt officer, or
write to Patrick Scollurd, Manpower Development DiViMOn.
The EQUHABlE Life Assurance Society of the United States
Home once: was A". or the Ami-rm, New York. NY. iooio @Equiuble loud
An Equal Opportunity Employer
seeker laundry-Dry Cleaners
WWI/x Ital-id Sn. Grinneit — PIL 236-4275
Washington
'_ University“
 
Page Four SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. April 11. I965
Inaugural seeker—A letograplpic Summary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. ,s, m,
f'FULL PROFESSORS AT THE FRONT" says kenneth Chrisnanssn [biology] as he defects she faculty members
(above) 1m their line cl march um went under what Was
allfcflonalely called garden's Wonder lpicIured above
big I .
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
Now Serving
CHICKEN
SPAGHETTI
SHRIMP
highway 5-12
FREE BELWERY
To Hall younger Only
PIZZA SERVED
4-1 MON-SAT.
4-‘IZ SUN.
PHONE
236-5331
 
 
JOANNA L gem. youngest of the three LeggeH daughters, looked on as rather became Grinnell'x 9:th press—
I i ' s S i o r a g e 'I' i m e it:totizirliigiifmd W W" “M“ “W" °‘
. . GRINNELL TRAVEL CENTER
ln5psi on scoring Your 808 Fifth Avenue Court Grinnell. Iowa
We m. complex reformsﬁon on mm aI' no mm and flu" if purchased
mm . supplier —. sad we sepsssm ALL suppliers.
payment's In C van“ A Few (0f Many) Summer Travel Programs
1. Iowa Wesleyan ready & Travel in the friend July Ia-Aug. l9 — 5 Hour:
oil'local -- $1244.
2. Camping - Thru - Europe —- exceptional fun and truly low-con — 66
Ho opens TO days 5519 plus Air or ship.
3. Mexico Fiesta Study program -- 1: weeks at college, live wllh families
Have Just Such ~5550+her .
Grinnell Travel Center — At Your terms
A Vault For
Your payments
£// / //
It’s Sale—It’s convenient— It’s ecological
 
 
The daily Pasl'ry Shop
 
Friday. April 22, ms
9%
 
ONE OF THE MULTITUDE of event: that President Leggstt
arianriaai was the Inaugural Ball Saturday night. featuring
Ralph Marferie.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Aaron from the Post Office
GRINNELL. IOWA
 
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 235-3979
E. J.lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIS'I’
Across from Post Office
Cloud 'hunt HM.
and Sam P.Ma
 
 
 
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
3,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Five
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE LEGGETTS FACED several reception lines during fire inaugural weekends. Ai hair President suggest is seen greeting Mrs. Grace P. neck. '98.
who was the oldest graduate attending the categories. pictures above
in nine.year.aid Jeanna. who also created iiia russia an campus Sunday.
Headquarters For:
ILOUSIS - SKINS
SWEATERS - DRESSES
MAI/13’
A 33 gig: :I.
arrrunran
“In, As mm 'mm in. mm dyin:
banana our oyel, owner. en.
diet may mu b2: x a with k a.
non. A maraianie optimize "id mi
ihia emniminri wu in. only trap.
[or coming world pmblem:; ir murr,
inaralura, be planned ar .11 mm
our are one: of drawn/Inf irra [but
ploblelmwlvzr hu- been, erotic-11y,
ru inauinia ii [win an enniacr with
problems in. him laura ii to 1-11.
1r nor become
in." una ol the car . in. copy of thproblem.- ri. - current mu. ai NA-
;,..car,.,g;., . YlDNAlIE‘IlEWawrit.
in near. cm, up a.
:5 sku N. v. to, N. v.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AFTER A HARD DAY ai the illustration, president Leggetf and his family mixed to Mr. privacy of no»... There.
with his daugiirer Joanna (keeping over shoulder). Wm,
other rnurniaars of his family, two sara: photographers and
six cameras. he could at but find relaxation.
 
 
Step Up To
JD'S RESIAURANT
operated — in my, min, Grinnell
SURPLUS
CYCLONES
There are a new ms Cy.
closes still an sugar 1a
clear iiie stock river may
be purchased her $5.00.
Inquire at eyeian. area.
 
Page Six
} NSA
(Continued from Page 1)
ing its ol‘iglnal functions or providing a
“channel for communication among Silk
sent governments" and a “clearing house
for programming suggestions for member schools.”
Among the stands apparently taken
by NSA that the committee opposed are
proposals that the House Un-american
Activities Committee be published, that
birth control information be distributed
to migration workers, that student governments be encouraged to organize la<
bar unions among agricultural might.
tony workers, and that universities deny
recognition to universities that locally
or nationally engage in “discrimination
practices." Recently, NSA scored President Johnson's diet Nam policy and
called for an immediate half to the
booking of North diet Nam.
Grlnnell and NSA
Wittgrai said that there was consideration here two years ago to withdraw
from NSA, but only on the grounds that
we might not have been getting our
money's worth in student services However, the Senate detected the proposal.
Grinnell has chosen to put emphasis on
the individual benefits of NSA, such as
loxv»cost insurance and discounts on travel in Europe. As to the apparent lack
of concern on this campus about the
liberal NSA policy statements, Wittgraf
pointed out that “most people on campus have no idea what NSA stands for,
or that we are even members"
Wittgrat noted that NSA has a better
representation 0! student government
leaders than at students in general, be-
cause those students most active in government are the most likely to take
ﬁrmer political stands,
SCARLET AND ILACK
[0e literature: Coed Hours;
Seniors Get see/rendering/om
A policy of no weekend hours for
senior women went into effect at soa
College on April 84 institutes on a trial
basis, the policy will be reviewed an<
really,
Under the new policy, women with
the senior hour privilege will be required to sign out ten minutes before
closing hours (1 am.) on Friday and
Saturday nights ii she wishes to use her
privilege and she must sign in when
she returns.
A senior must, however, sign back in
before closing hours the next night. To
obtain the senior hours privilege, senior
women must maintain a 1.0 gradepoint
(3.0 scale) overall and must submit a
parent permission slip The permission
morris specify whether the no hours privilege will be used in Cedar Rapids. where
joe is located, or out at town, or both.
ultimate at Beloit
Miss Laurie Young, Playboy's ultimate ot the Month, October. 1962, presented the Chairman of the Beloit College
history department with a lifetime subscription to playboy Magazine early this
month.
The gift, from the members of the
Phi Beta happy fraternity and senior
history motors, was in recognition ot
the chairman‘s contributions as scholar
and as secretary of the contrary iron
trinity,
The chairman, after delivering from
the initial Shock, said “ his was one or
the best kept secrets in 18 years.” He
previously had received Belolt's “Teach
er of the Year Award."
happens in Hearse
The happens, tour needs team Mt.
WELCOME to the
GRAND OPENING
BAN‘G'S
JUNIOR MISS
BARN
Holyuke College in Massachusetts, have
become a big rock group in the New
England area.
According to the New York Times they
”are carrying the liveliest music of the
year to colleges throughout the Northeast" The girls, driving in a 1957 radio«
law hearts, have played at Cornell, Wesleyan, Rochester, Brown and Amherst.
Their usual costume consists of ”salt,
black, crime dresses with sheer black
stockings and hignheels,” although on
occasion they have appeared in “black
turtleneck shirts and stockings and brief,
hiprriding gold skirts.”
joe Degree For Capote
Truman Capote, author at In Cold
Blood, will receive an contrary Doctor
at Humanities degree from joe College
at than June announcement.
Capote spoke at joe’s Fine Arts Festival in November, 1963. He has also
published Other Voices, Other Rooms,
Breakfast at Tiffanys, and various short
stories in The New worker.
YR’s Again Name
Wih‘gray President
George Wittgrat was re-elected president oi cornell's Young Republicans
at the YR meeting April 17. Elected
to other offices for the 1966-67 year
were Mark pitch. vice-president; dana
Parish, secretary; fatty Foster, area<
super; and Ed Jones, campaign many<
her.
The executive council will be com‘
posted with appointments by the president ot members-atrlarge.
we.” experts . -
Friday, April 22, “755*
) Court
(Continued from Page I)
the student’s case and then it the time
inn't paid recommend conduct promotion.
Dean Goes Along
As Daily pointed out the Court can
only recommend conduct promotion He
did indicate, however. that Dean of Men
S. Eugene Thompson has said that ho
would go along with that kind of suggestion.
In another area, Daily said that there
have been 10 cases in the last four
weeks of men being locked in the log
via after closing. This, he said, was a
result of the new locking procedure on
South Campus.
Become Routine
Daily said that these cases have he
come so routine that the Court will now
simply send out a notice at appreciation and fine. The line, of course, is
open to appeal.
The files for this offense are $10 with
$8.50 suspended for presence of 10 minutes or less inside the logged after hours.
For 11-15 minutes the fine is $10.00 with
$7.50 suspended.
The Court has also opened their sessions to son reporters—unless the per
son on trial requests a closed session.
This is a new policy of the Men’ Primary Court.
Prescott’s New Book
Upgrade, a text on professional writing for professional teachers by members
Prescott (English), has been published
by J. boston march, Publisher, com
land, Maine.
Prescott uses as his thesis the belief
that every professional teacher, whether a beginner or veteran, has something to write about.
Junior Miss
BARN.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Friends:
' business . . .
h'on I5 our ‘ "a
:alsrig with the rapid change
0
at BANG'S we
w has
plus a W 'nq
. . . ho p, . ..
“a” 5 P ,3 better
the fashion b““‘
t is t
the Junior
th stores . . W“
less. l need.
something “9
Miss "Earn"
oi ill?
5 we hop“ 3
.. hop in be .
s are things in“
both places . ~ -
“d we're sure
pin
NEWTON
GRINNELI.
 
‘friday, April 22. I966
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven-
 
illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllillllllllll
BeH'y Carl-er
Tonight and tomorrow
night United Artist recording
star Betty Carter will appear
It trim“.
. Alter merit East Coast club
instruments, she was dramatically received in ‘Duwnbelt.’ She
and her trio will give In union—
until concert tonight at 0:30 and
ll p.m. in the South lounge,
Ind they will appear in the
North Lounge tomorrow night,
I: fin-12:30 plc.
illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
) Drug Use
(Continued lmnl Page 1)
they tried cigarettes in grade school
and liquid in high schools
One of the apparent corporations in
dealing with this instrumentation on
campus is that it dress't appear to have
a center. The students get their marijuana from a wide variety of sources
making it impossible to “dry up” any
one source and thus solve the problem.
Most find their source in large cities
where it is readily available.
For The Best
LAUNDRY
SERVICE
Send Your third-s
and Wash blacks
Agency ' i°
SWEDE'S
Pollronize
Your Campus
) Drug Statement
(Continued from Page 1)
the college “encourages its students to
inform themselves about drugs and the
problems their use represents from
sources as authorization as possible, receiving that some study is necessary in
order to separate last from the mass oi
calculation about use, enforcement. effects, and the future of the problems . r ."
The report goes on to say that Grin»
well “encourages its students to terrain
from unpl'escrlbed or illegal use of any
narcotic, stimulant, or hallucinogen. and
to avoid contributing to any solution or
drama, excitement, and/or myth about
drugs . . ."
The college also “intense to regard
any student found to be contributing to
the problems by using drugs generally or
by contributing to others’ use oi drugs
as having engaged in unacceptable conduct and subject to discussed (depend
ing on the circumstances of the student's
involvement, however, the college may,
at its option, deal with the matter through
counseling and other resources) . . ."
In a letter that goes with a copy of the
statement to parents, President suggest
says that “our evaluation of the situation at Grinnell offers no cause for alarm.”
suggest goes on to say that "we have
no evidence of widespread use of drugs
by our students," and that the College
will attempt to stop whatever use of
drugs there may be by trying “to pursuant students of the rangers to themselves and to others when they play around with drugs" instead of by “policmg,”
) Senate
(Continued front Page i)
census, in the long run, in encouraging
mediocrity
“Ideas arise from conflict —- and it
is precisely the vitamins oi conflict that
needs to be reemphasized at Grinnelli"
Bucks also attacked “the cult of confidentiality" which sends to keep ideas
bottles up in the centers of decision
making.
“The system of confidentiality should
he brought to an early device, and
ideas allowed to flow freely among all
campus groups"
He said that be was optimistic be
cause the administration was Susceptihle
to new ideas and there appeared to be
a new emphasis on innovation Withlll
the faculty. “Bill nonetheless, the dominant influence continues to he the hureaucratic perspective”
Bucks said that he was disregarding
some VOlCes which had tried him nor
to abuse too much excitement or medication. “Failure to articulate new
ideas would he a severe failure in lead—
ership on my part."
Bucks said that he Wanted to extend
the vision of Grinnell students beyond
the iowa campus and asked, "Where
was Grinnell when charlie and Antioch
were building colleges in Mississippi?"
Bucks queries, what about tours of
Grimlell students with children from de
priced priorities? or what about a
"front - door attack on the politics of
the Soul " by initiative a dialogue with
Southern white college students — the
people who Will be members or the
Southern Establishment in the future?
What about reallocating the resources
oi the athletic program to place less
emphasis on intercollegiate contests and
more emphasis on intro—metals?
 
DISCOUNT CENTER
HIDDEN MAGIC
HAIR SPRAY
$2.35 value 5' 69
AHACIH TABLETS
6k value 40‘
PRELL
UQUID SHAMPOO
SLO‘) value 11‘
- GREEN MINT
MOUTH WASH
69c value 43¢
SCORE
HAIR DRESSING
39: value 45‘ I
BAN
ROLL ON DEODORANT
75¢ value 40‘
SHIRTS
SHORT SLEEVE COTTON
All Sizes and Colors
91‘
STERISOL
Mount Antiseptic
31‘
l
own...”.l...mm...“.....rt..r.“romania.”thousand
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5ih Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
PEPSODENT
TOOTHPASTE
7% value 48¢
RAPID
SHAVING CREAM
7‘]: value 38‘
LANOLIN PLUS
CLEANSING CREAM
Ill 02. JAR
$4.00 value 5'41
HAZEL BISHOP
KICKY COMPACT
$I.75 value 19‘
STORE
HOURS: 9 °"“'
9 arm. to 9 pm. Friday
to 8 p.m. Mon.. Tues.
Wed, hours. gui.
HAZEL BISHOP
EYELASHES
HUMAN HAIR
$2.00 value 5'21
FINISS
'lZ medicine hopkins
4 boxes
99‘
SHIRTS
WHITE SHORT SLEEVE
3 Different Style dollars
'61
51.29 value
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 22. I966
 
Pioneer Nine To Face plymouth Today Tennis Team roses First Two
files Weekend Losses to Cornell. Knox
By GARY WILSON
Today the Grinnoli baseball team
tries to legitimate their winning ways
as they travel to plymouth, illinois, in
their Browmobiie, button Bomb, and
G, W. Mustang to take on a talented
team of plymouth scott.
Last Friday the Pioneer diamondmen
created up to Mt. Vernon and lost a
nine-ending game to Cornell by the score
or 4-1. The cams bumper off to an early
lead by scoring two quick ones in the
first ending on a walk, a Stolen base, a
double, and a single.
Grinnell came back in the third with
a run, on a walk to Greg Dean, a wild
pitch, a single by Steve billy. and an
Thinclads Place 8th
At Cornell delays
Grinneii’s thinciads ran into some tough
competition and bad luck at Mt. get'non’s Cornell delays last Saturday as
the Pioneers took rights in a field of
twelve schools. everything strong bids
by SCI and Central, Luther College won
the team trophy, Grinneli’s cause was
hurt by lack at good performances in
the field events and poor bacon passes
in the sprint wesley. Captain Jeri Langham remained the foundation of the
Grinneli team as he led the two-mile
relay team of MacDowell, jersey, paintball, to a third place finish. Langham
again led the mile relay (Watt, Schwartz,
paintball) to a second place finish. Along
with Jon russell’s smith in long jump,
these relay teams were Grinnell's only
point winners at the day.
Both the variety and trash teams
move to Cedar Falls and the Dickinson
delays this weekend where, though the
competition will be at least as strong,
they hope to improve their showing.
error by the Cornell left builder. The
score remained 2-1, With both Sides gets
king men on base but being unable to
score. Then the cams reached across
a run in both the seventh and rights
frames, billy went the route for the Pioneers to even his record at L1 as he
strikes out two hits to lead the printer
between.
Spirits High
The next port at which the Pioneers
locked was Galesburg, Illinois. The
L’box ministers were fresh from a
drinking by plymouth. and the Grinnell
players’ spirits were “high,"
The game turned out to be a kitchen‘s
dual between Grinnell’s Dean and
Knox’s disney. The ﬁrss signature-half
ratings were awareness as neither team
could rally although both had several
chances,
Scores in Seventh
Finally in the bottom of the seventh,
an instead error, a sacrifice butt, a walk,
and a one-bigger produced a run {or
the Siwash, The Pioneers came right
back in the next frame with a marker
to tie the score. Les Pafi was hit by a
kitchen mail and advanced to third on a
double on [he right-center hence by Dean.
billy drew a base on balls to load the
bases and another free pass to Bob
seller brought Patf home for the rally.
The game continued with neither team
being able to score again in regulation
play. At the end of nine ratings the
score remained another at one apiece.
Grinnell was unable to score in their
half of the first extra ending. In the bottom ot the teeth, Knox started off with
a walk and a stolen base. The next man
sacrificed him to third. disney scratched
out an instead hit when no one was able
to cover iii-st. At this point Dave Schetz
believed Dean and three one pitch, after
which the Siwash scored on a delayed
steal. it was a heartbreaking 2-1 loss.
 
The word is out! Ahrv does it! That’s
right. Ahrv delivers direct to North
Campus rooms. And it gets there hot
and fast, too. Next time — don’t
starts, call Ahrv.
s5
"ANRV"
nirvana’s Pizza
Free Delivery
236-6222
As Carleton, St. Olaf Triumph
The Pioneer tennis team dropped their
first two matches of the year in a doubleduai played here Saturday. The first
one was to powerful Carleton 9-D while
sr. flat squeaked by 54 when they took
three douglas matches to overcome a
4-2 singles deficit.
While the Carleton shuttle does not
seem very encouraging, it must be remembered that last year’s second place
Pioneer team was also shuttle against
Carleton in the opening meet of the
year. That one was played at Carleton.
Only twice were the girls extended
in the opening meet! At number one
singles Mike Greenﬁend won the first
set only to lose the next two. And at
number three singles, Elija picks lost
the first set,‘ won the second one 7.5,
but really succumbed in the third one
W. In the other seven matches the
Pioneers went down in two sets.
The Pioneers started out well against
St. Olaf when‘Greentield britney his opponent 62, 6-1). After Dick lovely and
picks lost at two and three, the Pioneers
ran out three wins in a row, Jim Greene
Pioneer holders Take
Second Straight Win
The Pioneer golf team took its second
straight dual meet Win with a 14-1 drinking oi happens Knox last Friday.
Leading the charge for the second time
were Ted sister alto sophomore Bill
Lee with 72's over the Grinnell course.
In the ﬁrss meet Lee and sister also
tied for medalist honors.
sister, playing number one man, won
his match 370 as did Lee at number
two.
Junior Dave Shellenbarger, at number
three, shot a 76 to also win his match
34]. The Pioneers picked up their fourth
$0 won when sophomore Russ Hueckendort, number five man, shot a 76.
Al whether got the other two Pioneer
points with an 81 and a 2-1 victory in
the number four match.
Oh! summit!
HANSEN'S
DANISH MAID
 
baum, number tour, Pete coleman, number five, and Bert center, number six,
combined to give the nutten a 4-2 lead.
But unfortunately the douglas team
did not fare as Well in their three
matches. All three lost in two sets and
the Pioneers lost the meet.
5351' Still Leads
Softball League
As the intramural softball tournament
moves past the holiday point, only
East morris still has an interested red-
Drd. Three teams now have one loss—
Smith, liable, and Clark. Smith and lib«
bee have already lost to East while
Clark lost to liable and was scheduled
to play East this aiternoonr
The biggest game or the year'came
, Tuesday when an overly-conﬁsent crew
from Smith ran into the East printer.
While the East tags watched as their
’ boys carefully kept the score down, by
making many errors, so as not to make a
root of the game. the Smith fans glumiy
sat on the pipeline and watched their buys
slowly fall from the ranks Hi the interested.
By their and others' admission, Smith
had a tough team. They had iirebaliing Henry vintage on the found, and
such patent letters as Jim manuals to
back hill up. But vintage could not fire
the ball past the East battery and manuals only managed one hit.
East got behind in the first ending
4-1, but the East fans were not Worried
because East had been behind early in
tour oi its first live games.
in the second ending East started rolling. Normally a singles better, Coach Jim
Wilson claimed a three-run homes past
the associated iett builder to tie the
score. Later in that ending, East took
the lead they never gave up. With
Steve Casey spearheading the attack
with three hits, and left-handed hunter
Greg Rankin moving down the Smith battery, East took a 14-7 lead into the not<
tom of the seventh. After Rankin became a little wild on the found and
East made a couple of errors, Ken
Sturbler, ace reviewer on the East staff,
came in to preserve the 14—11 victory.
Smith then dropped to a three-way tie
{or second With powerful liable and
Clark. liable, since their opening loss
to East, has looked like the toughest
oi the three. Among their wins is a
17-2 challenging of Clark. Clark's four
wins have come against second division
opponents so it is tough to evaluate
their potential.
Gollum’
Service
dry,
STANDARD
 
