Grinnell College
gnu/“dot: m
Oldest college Newspaper west at the Mississippi
 
Vol LXXlIl
Grinneil, Iowa. Friday. April 27, I966
No. 27
 
HALL CONFINEMENT carried to its extreme. Karen Lauierbach, new
AWS president, site Nelson. newbie towns (face hidden behind lock)
out other new seA attempts spent most at Tuesday attention in jail, They
worn placed there by old SGA specials. tree story at right.)
 
Senate approved New
With little hdo Over Anything
By DICK CHADY
other a minimum at debate the Senate
passed a $56,500 budget last night,
thus completing what has been a major
effort for the few individuals involved
in the process. The entire budget was
compiled by the Finance committee,
which had spent about 20 hours in the
last two weeks trying to make expense
turns and income balance.
The only part of the budget to come
under debate was the recommendation
to shift $4800 from hall social funds to
the jurisdiction of a “Hall Initiative Cum—
little." Stan Wezelman proposed that
$2400 of the amount be given back to
calls because the plan was still an
experiment This year the Hall Initiative
Fund was only 5300. Previously calls
received $11,000. Next year they will get
36500. the balance going to the initiative
Committee:
Jane Strucke and Phil residential,
both members of the Finance Committee,
answered that the plan had proved itself this year and that additional funds
were needed to allow all balls to take
advantage oi the program.
Debate then centered around the our<
pose of the fund, CoiHP President Bob
photo explained that this would, in direct, create $5,000 of -“safety money"
zdnet
which could not be used to pay also
bills, because it would be out of the
jurisdiction of calls,
The lyric is to be administered by a
committee of seven. composed of the
North and South Campus social chair—
men, the chairman oi the Finance Com-
SENATE—-
(Continued on Page a)
llllllllllillillillillllllillilllllillllllllllllillllllilllllllilillllIIllllllllllillllllilllllillllllillllliii
Chapel Speaker
This Sunday, George valley,
Chaplain americas of Mill:
College, Oakland, California,
will give the person in College
Chapel, entitled “Maydayl”.
lillllllilllllllliliillllllllllillllllllllllllllllltiiiilllliiiilliiiillliiiillliliilliilllllllllillillllllllil
Riot Produces little Damage;
Spring Day Da was depression
By BOB HODIERNE
There were ﬁreports, illegal limitations and bears galore during Tuesday‘s
Spring Riot but when the dust cleared
there were still 11 'men's calls on North
Campus
jackie — talked - voting CofHP officials who were almost as ubiquitous as
Sada-cycling photographers managed to
keep the annual destruction rate within
the conﬁnew of imagination. Threats oi
still eiilorcement or damage rules
tender to drive most people indians for
the evening.
Bob quote, soil-[P president, said that
“compared to last year's root destruction, this year's is negligible."
quote said that on South Campus the
only damage was hammer logged locks.
currently someone had stuffed toothpicks into the works of the locks rendering them incredible date, said quote,
was able to storage all but one at the
locks and the total bill there should be
about $25.
On North Campus quote said he was
“hoping damage hills would total under
5100." Last year’s total was over SHOUT
quote indicated, however, that these were
only early estimates.
Most of the North Campus damage
resulted from porn-out screens and book<
on windows. “A number of these have
been assessed to "individuals," said
quote. The student governing agencies
had decided before the root to assess
as many damage bills to individuals as
possible thus saving social funds which
traditionally pay for the damage.
Several students were injured on
North Campus according to St Eugene
Thompson, dean of men. One man was
injured when he was turned by a
thrown firecracker. Another was cut by
broken glass Still another broke oil a
tooth when he fell down.
Spring Day earned as it has the last
two-out—ot-three years — cloudy, cold,
and ensuring-like. A picnic lunch and
dinner were both_moved indians. A
continental breakfast was served on
North Campus and to stable freedom
many groups got involved in really
“hot” games of motorola, bridge, etti,
previously, the free bowling that had
been scheduled for the afternoon was
not called off,
The afternoon before the root incoming
CofHP, AWS Board, and Senate leads
its were kidnapped and takeniunceremoniously—to the city daily A new managed to escape, however. They were
reported riding in such places as the
Main Hall operator, which they stopped
between floors.
At the jail bali Bucks gave a speech
about his constitutional rights being isolated. It was the second speech within
a week that Bucks delivered with little
or no results.
After some indicate negotiations the
updates were allowed to place the traditional one phone call, They placed it
to the pizza place for dinner.
Book on Drug Usage on College Campuses
sites Increased Use of ‘Poi' at Grinneli
El), NOTE: In May a book about
drugs on the college campus will be
published. The book sections Grinnell.
Below is a preview at that book written by James P. Herzog, a 1965 Grinnell graduate and former editor oi the
sen. Herzog is now at Columbia‘s graduate school in journalism and is in the
same class as the author of the book
in_question.
A book scheduled for publication May
is documents drug usage on 50 college
and university computer—one of which
is GI illness.
Smith Dinner Turns your,Loggia lines Under Attack
Conduct promotion was recommended
for three Smith Hall freshmen last Friday by the Men's Primary Courts '
The three pleased guilty to a charge
of violation Article II, Section I of the
Men’s House Rules. which providing
consumption at liquid at college social
functions '
They were.reducing from a hall dinner in the Amanas in the college's “covered wagon," when a cigarette was
posted into some signal flags kept in the
bus. The bus driver, finding one of the
flags turned, controlled the three, and
defining that they were drunk, reported
them to Dean of Men 5. Eugene Thompson.
Thompson contacted Smith Hall Fresh
event Dan mailman and the freshmen
were brought to court, where their trial
listed only 20 minutes. Thompson could
COURT ACTION—
(Continued on Page I)
The book, One in Seven: Drugs on
campus, sites Grinnell as a typical midwestern college where ever-increasing
amounts oi marijuana are being used.
The book is written by Richard Goldstein, a 21-learned graduate student at
Columbia University.
“Grinneli is one of the many schools
in the Midwest which have groups of
city people who go out there and feel
allocated from their home environment."
says Goldsteio,
“They want immediately .to dlitel'england themselves from the mass; so, they
very often take on a Bohemian exterior.
They form tight groups.
“Dnlgs often play a part in these
groups. They’re one way of saying I'm
different." says the Hunter College graduate.
The main reason, says Goldstein, for
POT BOOK—-
(Continued on Page 7)
ADDRESS HERE: “
 
Page Two
charles and Black
GRINNILL COLLEGI
.IIMI". low-
A weekly news star Published each Friday or the college year by the dinner Committee on student Publlcr
sons, Represented (or national advertising by Nuionul Adverilskix: Service, inc.. college Publishers epresenzauve.
lB ins: 50th Street, New York 22, N31. second class most»
In pnld n: trim-all. lawn. subscription mu $5.00 Del
ucnbol year. lime said Lubscrllluonsi
Bob Hodierno
I
ASSOCIATE error
OOIY EDITOR ._.
spank union
FEATURE Enrron
EXCHANGE canon
EDITORIAL LIIRARM .
CIRCULATION MANAGER
onumsmo Asslsnm
PHOTOGRAPHERS
REPORTERS ,.
rnni lndley
bobby Plnnwlu
_ Suzy will
run Cris:
star: rmnn. Jim clubs. ram. wait
chi chevy, cmry 1mm, runs R. Jones, Ann pioneer.
M-ry calcium, Kris ann, bobby Pnunwlll, .line runsn.
.early Scan, hindu Seckekon, Jun \vnuuker
Editorial
Grass Protest
“How far shall we carry this demonstration? I
mean are we going to sit here all night and stop eating, too?”
From a Civil Rights sit-in in delta? From a free
speech protest at Berkeley? From a demonstration for
academic freedom at St. Johns? No, quite uncharacteristically this question of strategy was based here on
our own sometimes sun-lit campus.
The cause of the protest? Asphalt flight. Or as
richard Sheets would have described it, a lack of “cultural integrity.” More simply the cause of the remote
duration was the start of construction of a new parking
lot. The proposed sight for this conflict-producing new
parking lot is just east of the already existing nursing
parking lot.
Yesterday a harmful of hard core demonstration
(already someone has suggested that they are being
manipulated by outside forces) sat on the stamp of a
now defence elm tree and presented construction
workers from proceeding with their work.
At the same time the concentrations outside
were taking place a small cable of well-trained experts (some have suggested the training took place
on a homeless Latin American island country) were
conducting negotiations with the administration.
Officially the college is taking the position that
the demonstration can do anything they want to make
their point except slow up work on the parking lot.
Unofficially they are saying that nothing must he done
to slow-up Grinnell’s entrance into the parking lot
race.
"We have a parking lot gap and we know it,” said
one official who wanted his name mitchell. “What are
we going to do, say, if Carleton or Oberlin or Antioch
gets ahead of us in parking lot space, How do you
think that’s going to affect the recommended high
school students?”
The demonstration, meanwhile, were making
plans for camping at the construction site. “We area't
trying to hurt the college‘s position with regard to the
recommended high school students,” said a spokesman
for the initially clean~cut student group. “All we
want to do is preserve the grass. It’s a moral issue for
us and has nothing to do with intercollegiate finally.”
The demonstration also speak of the cost of such
a program. “Do you know how many tulips you could
buy with the money they’re spending on the appeals?”
At cocktail parties officials will confirm 7 strict—
ly off the record if that they too don’t see the importance of following the parking lot gap. They are quick
to add, however, that it would involve great loss of
face if we were to pull out at this late date. “We have
committed ourselves to being able to accommodate
just as much chrome as other schools. We can’t be considered a second rate power.”
SCARHT AND BLACK
—— Doug McCormac
Friday. April 19. new
The bridge Pot
l finally made the scene. I hadn't wanted in.
George said u great many housing, fascinat—
ing, likely, important people would be there;
no I accepted the challenge of freedom and
drove through the quiet village streets to the
house on the little hill.
Mary took my coat at the door, and I never
law it again. I never saw Mary again, either,
although she was a nice girl. She had a slight
list which turned out to he leprosy, and on
some weekends Arthur or sorry present to
visit her at the sanitorlum. We all miss her
infectious list.
George introduced me in a stranger who
claimed that the world was to end in 90 days.
After he had had his vision of this event, he
decided not to share till Doomsday, and the
shuttle already made him look like a but.
I sat in a comfortable chair in the corner of
a huge, empty room and wanted for the inn
to begin. The reading like in [he screenedﬂﬂ
ﬁreplace was winners by the time a hardcore
young man hobbies across the rug (in churches.
and he passed in from of me.
recently, i tried in ignore him, but he would
not leave. l presented to aware from a map
and planned up and said. “Hello, who are you?
What happened to you?"
“I’m Fred,” he replied cheerfully. “I use
churches to symposium and dramatize the fact
that] am an emotional compile. These churches
represent the psychological disorders, and they
serve to demonstrate the need for understanding and assistance that all of my type share."
“What would happen it I granted one or
those churches and three it HCNSS the room?"
I asked, my interest somewhat accused.
"I would fall." he answered Immediately.
“But,“ he added, “holiday I may lay them
aside of my own record — or maybe I won't.
It all depends on the situation — if ii-will
have some world-wide effect, a dramatic saving feature or something of that son,"
He shipped in the ﬂfor and dressed his legs.
seeking very expressed. “Why dress’t someone else join the cause?" he asked Without
wanting a reply. “Damnahle sticks!” He
ﬂund the churches toward the ﬁreplace.
“This is an age that packs relevance," said
substance Duggs, as she speaker up and be
can strangling poor Fred. '
“Gasp' Glul'pl Blah!” cooked Fred. He
written on the floor like a dumb tel pulled out
of water, and his lace times while, then
purple. But substance songs controlled him,
her long tenticlerlike fingers obtained about
his neck.
\when Fred was dead, i asked. “Wily did you
do that. substance songs?”
“This is an age that wants relevance," she
replied and commented strangling me, while
options of methodology, like sugarplums, cancer
in my head,
llIIiIllllllilllllllilliiiiiliiiillilliliilllliilllllllllllllllliiilllliliillillllliilllllliillllllllillllllliillllllliilllillliilllllliillllllillillllli
Study Finds processors Primaril y
(unsigned Wit/i Campus Problems
By ANN KIRSCHNER
Recent reports have indicated that across
the country, niimms on college students‘ Cullnary master have started almost as many
concentrations as has discrimination in the
South, and that projects against the war in
Viei Nam have barely been more widespread
than those against directory regulations.
The Scope oi Organized Student Protest in
193445, published by Educational Testing
Service in Princeton. N.J,, has altered some
statistics on the subject. They are based on
the answers given by means oi students at 849
oi the country's 1,000 tour-year colleges and
universities, The study Was Wriiiei‘i by Richard E. Peterson. an ETS associate research
psychologist,
Peterson based his results oil the examine-
letters.
Loggia Locking
T0 the EdilOI':
North Campus Arise! An invisible is being
done. The women were given 15 minutes grace
to gel non [he Loggia Why area’t an given
15 minutes grace to gel our? The principle is
the same. if AWS can give a little grace lol'
the women, why can't they our the men?
Alan Hanawalt
Photos trained
To the Ediiur:
l hall: s..n henry Wilhelm’s photo
5 inc exhibit. The range and depth at his
walk have finally been given representation.
Photography as a part of [he graphic arts
has been somewhat reflected. wllhelm's
work is at high professional qunhiy and
should do much to encourage interest in this
area. ll is to his and the college’s credit
char such an exhibit has been presented.
bank Balikov
(ion of 27 issues. He found that in all of the
issues, no more than eight per cent of the different student bodies were involved in projects.
The top PIOIESL figure was in response to (territory rules. Second in line were complaints
about liquid rules,
or the 849 colleges questioned, 38 per cent
reported projects over civil rights, but these
concentrations included only six per cent of
the students. Twenty-live per cent or me col<
pages had undertake projects about loud, inVOlVing under 7 per Cent of the students. Less
than 5 per cent of the students at 21 per cent
or the colleges had demonstrated against the
war in diet Nam. Twentyreigllt per cent or the
institutions reported projects in the South in the
summer of 1964, but only 4 per cent of the students were engaged in touched civil rights
work. This is half as many students as participated m quarters over dormiroiy rules.
“Relatively new smdenis were engaged in
protecting matters dealing with intel‘action,
faculty, and freedom of expo‘essxon at the rain
likely new colleges where such parents were
in fact reported," says the Peterson slowly.
Seven per cent oi the colleges reported pro
tests on behalf oi academic freedom for processors, and 4 per cent on rules regarding con—
provincial speakers.
Developments, published by the Educational
Testing Service, commented that the results
oi the study “make clear that the device of
apache has been exaggerated.” It also Said,
“At present, then, the much-mounted accident
protest movement seems in be neither a sunrise nor a configuration, but only a flickering
candle." However, Peterson himself says,
“There obviously are substantial numbers of
students Willing lo make known publicly [hair
metabolism lo existing situations 7 especially
those situations where [here is a perceived
moral contamination or hypocrisy. And there is
every indication that the numbers or student
activists have been multiplying in the past
live years," He also says, “The Current surge
oi student unless and active protest must cerlaiiily be among the most significant developments in higher education, perhaps in Ameris
can society, oi the mid-19605."
 
grid-y. April 29. ms
SCARLET 5ND ILACK
 
americas Rank at End of Your
ForMiss partner, Robertson
Two faculty members Will assume final‘cells rank when the current academic
year ends on announcement Day, May
27.
They are Miss Evelyn partner, who
Will become professor america oi English, and or. George M, Robertson, who
will be professor americas oi biology,
Miss partner, who joined the faculty
In 1933, also served as dean of women
10r30 years, from 1933 to 1963. A graduate oi Beloit, with an MA. from had<
ciilte. she taught at Carleton, Pomona
College and the College of imports before coming to written.
Following her retirement brown full—
time teaching, Miss partner plans to
travel for several months this (all. first
to Japan and other parts of the friend
and then to Australia and New sea—
valid. She herself is a native of England,
and in Australia She will visit housing.
It will be her ﬁrss trip to that part ot
the world, although she has made several trips to Europe.
Robertson, though relating from the
crinuell faculty which he joined in 1948,
is looking forward to an unusual confirmation of his teaching career. He will
become professor of biology at Prescott
(Ariz.> College. a new institution which
will open this tall with a freshman Class
on a campus now being constructed just
north of Prescott. It is the newest of
the colleges sponsored by the United
Church of christ.
Prior to serving 18 years on the Grinnell faculty, Robertson had taught at
several other schools and colleges, in
closing 10 years at Fort days Kansas
State College and 15 years at Dartmouth
College. He holds bachelor's degrees
from Carleton and from North Dakota
Agricultural College (now North Dakota
state University), an MA, from Dartmouth College, and a PhD. from Yale.
Two others have been given americas
status during the past year, both of
them being librarians with faculty rank
as instructors. Last summer, Mrs, Helen
Blair raymond, loan librarian, retired
alter being on the state since 1948, and.
at the end or the ﬁrss semester, Miss
Lois Davidson, reference librarian, retired after serving since 1942.
Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra To Give
different ratings. Evening Performances
Two different programs will be played
by the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra
under the direction at Siansilaw Skl'owaezewski tomorrow in Roberts Theatre,
Periornianccs will be at 3:30 pm. and
at 8 pin.
Joint sponsors or the Symphony's appear-angel here are Mr, and Mrs. article L. south at Los Angeles, who are
both 1903 graduates oi Grlnllell, the 1935—
66 College Concert Series, and the student Coinmittec on Concerts
included in the ratings program will
be tel‘lion' overcome, “La worship-e,"
Opus 21; Dvoi'all’s Symphony NO. 4 in
Service QM"
G Major, Opus 88; Hindemith’s “Symphonic Metamorphosis on Thenie s ot
Carl Maria Von never"; and level’s
“La false."
0n the evening program will be void
never's overcome, “The rules at the
Spirits"; the Bartok Suite from the
customize “The Miraculous Mandarin,"
Opus 19; “Iberia,” from embassy’s “Images”; and the Brahms Symphony No.
2 in D Major, Opus 73.
Admission will be by advance reset”
nation with activity ticket only.
According to a New York Times article
of Feb. 13, 1965, the formation oi the
Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra in
1903, and Its subsequent rise to the forefront 0] (me orchestral assembled, closely parallels the cultural and artistic
growth of our nation. Noted as one of
the most widely traveler orchestras in
the United States, the Minneapolis gym.
phone made its initial tour in 1906, visiting a new communities near the Twin
Cities area. The Orchestra now plays
annually to approximately 150,000 nations
at seventh concerts while on tour and
operates 175,000 nations at sixth con<
cents during its home season.”
The Times article Went on to say “The
Orchestra's present conducted, electro
Stanislaw Skrowaezewski, has, during
the past have years, put his own unique
stamp on the sound which comes from
this great ensemble. Former music di<
sector of the National Philharmonic 0!
Poland, electro Skl‘owaczewski has
scored tremendous processes in guest—
Conducting instruments with the
orchestras of Cleveland, Philadelphia,
New York, Pittsburgh, Berlin, Amsterdam, London, Paris, and Rome.
 
Slop carrying About Campus Problems
long enough to like out M Grinnell's fun gift shop
TOWN and COUNTRY
where you'll have no problem timing the ideal can let mother. Mother's
Day is May it.
FREE GIFT WRAPPING FOR MAILING
2020 4th Ave. (just easfof St. Francis Hospital)
Open 9:30-5:30. bridges Io 9—Plione 236-4598
Exchange Column
Amherst Trustees Grant
College Council Authority
Trustees oi Amherst College have approved n college council proposal which
gives' that body jurisdiction over all so
ciao regulations. Thus open hall decisions
affecting all students will be made by
one guvemlng group consisting only or
faculty members and students.
Soon "alter the trustee meeting the college council extended open hours until
11:30 pm. Monday through Friday. Al<
though Amherst is a men’s school, it has
two Women's schools and a university
within walking distance.
The college council will be composed
or about an equal number of students
and faculty; the students to be chosen by
the council members.
1231. vs. SDS
The F.B.I. has approaches the Dean oi
Wesleyan with requests for a membership list of the Wesleyan chapter of Students for a Democratic Society (SDS).
This particular chapter has been quite
active in concentrations against us. involvement. in diet Nam.
The dean refused to corporate stating
that his ofﬁce would not have given the
government any such list because “we
never volunteer such information, We
consider the student’s activity his own
affair.”
That week in an article in the Wesley.
an paper, members of the SDS chapter
asked the RBI. to “have its agents directly question the individuals concerned.” The article also allowed to the
F.B.I. interviews of roommates of Yale
SDS members to determine the nature
ct political beliefs and possibilities there.
No simon Degree
Former Vice President Richard simon
will not accept an contrary degree from
the University of Rochester although he
will speak at its announcement‘
Students and faculty had opposed the
administration's decision to give him an
contrary degree at their June Commencemeiit. They felt that several of
simon's speeches against view Nam had
been too outspoken in the view against
total academic freedom.
However, simon, who was first invited
to speak at the announcement last July,
has decided lo refuse die contrary degree but speak anyway at Rochester:
June announcement. He Will speak on
”Academic Freedom.”
 
FIGHT POVERTY
— WORK!
Join the parade lo the Place—
ment allied to gel inspiration
an—
lifetime of Summer
Sales Program.
We offer Cash Scholarships of
‘ $500 - $750 - $1.000 - $1.500.
Help keep America Green —
Make money this summer.
WE'LL he HAFPY w ‘I'ELL you AlL
”our ouR PROGRAM. correct
YOUR Joli PLACEMENT OFFICE
FOR AN INTERVIEW.
Iowa's
Oh! Yummiel
HANSEN'S
DANISH MAID
 
Store Your Clothes
With seekers
Here are the added consequences and protection
you will receive if you store your payments with
seekers.
Day or night taxi service. Free when you ride with your clothes.
Insured against math and miller damage. 2% of declared value.
Insured against fire or the".
Ask for free handy item and valuation list. At your campus agent.
We will return the order to your college campus agent this (all as
directed. He or she will receive full commission.
seventh-nine years of continuous laundry and cleaning experience.
greatly pressed and ready to wear in the full. (Except store only)
8. You may also ride downtown to seekers with your clothes at NO
COST TO YOU.
9. Store only available at 4% of declared value.
MEEKER lAUN-DRY CLEANERS
10l9‘/2 Broad SL. Grinnelll Iowa 50!”
 
his. Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Announce Student Art Awards
The annual art awards were
announced Sunday by judge
richard Sheets. Monetary prizes
were awarded this year on the
basis of all the students' work,
not for one object or painting.
The winners of the Inez wesley Memorial Prizes for Point-
ing were Barbara Siebenschuh,
Caroline Scheaffer, and Hannah polyester. The Henry-York
cleaner Memorial Prizes for
Creative Art were awarded to
harry Hooliham, John britney, and Diana Rondeau.
The art festival continued
Sunday with a reception at the
home of Robert McMillan (art)
and concluded on Tuesday with
a waterproof demonstration by
Sheets. The winning exhibits
as well as other student
works are currently on display
in Schaetfer Gallery.
 
Who to your ideal date? Thousands use Central Control and its high-speed
computer for a live, those-and~blood answer to this question.
. Your Ideal date - such a person exists, of course.
But how to get acquainted? Our Central Control computer
processes 10.000 names an hour. How long would it take
you to meet and form an opinion ot that many people?
You will be matched with live usually suited persons
of the opposite sex, right in your own locale (or in any
area of the tJ.S. you specify). Simply, send $3.00 to Central
Control for your questionnaire. Each of the» live will he
as perfectly matched with you in interests, outlook and
‘llackgrounlt as computer science makes possible.
Central Control is nationwide, but its programs are
completely locations. Hundreds ot thousands of vigorous
and alert subscribers, all sharing the desire to meet their
ideal dates, have found computer dating to be exciting and
highly acceptable.
All live of your ideal dates will lie delighttul. So
‘ harry and send your $3.00 for your questionnaire.
CENTRAL CONTROL, Inc.
22 Park Avenue 0 Dklatlorna city, Oklahoma
 
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
your money with
a good home!
GRINNELL FEDERAL
Savings and soon Association
When you've a little to spare. open an account at Grinnell Federal. You'll like
doing business in the modern, new building.
C Your money cards at the planned rate of 4 ”8% per year.
0 Your money is readily available if needed.
0 Your nroney ls Insured safe . . . each account is insured up to 510.000
by F.S.l:.l.c.
special note to organization treasure": It you have a surplus in your treasury
[however small), open on account and let your money work instead of ro-
morning idle.
:93,»
I025 Main Street I Grinnell. Iowa 0 Phone 5l5 2364”]
E
Grinnell Federal - Savings cisco. E
- W E
.i
lllllllillllllllllllllllliltltlllllltlllllllillllllllllll||Illlllll|dilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllﬂllllllllllllllllllll‘tltl
Friday. April 29. lm
‘llncertainties’ in American Society
May peter 05. Cultural leadership
By LINDA SECKELSON
richard Sheets, noted printer
and educated on the West
Coast, lectures last Monday evening on “American Painting and
Culture in 1966." Sheets feels
that American art has evolved
into a new phase since 1925,
a phase of searching, charge«
derived by a lines sense of yes‘
thesis organization. He noted
that the arts today are at a
peak with regard to public re—
spouse, due to the continuously
avoiding Search for new means
of expression.
Sheets’ primary concern was
with art in a social context:
the social "function” of art
and the role of American
culture in the world. He said
that arts supply the connection
tissue oi existence, and serve
to bridge the dlcllolumy be.
green the really of the humanities and the sciences by great<
ilig new means iii communication,
But despite the public success of American an, Sheets
feels that the present cultural
situation is a precarious one.
Are we, in 1966, at the hegili<
ing or the end of a peak in
cultural excellence? The contracting differences in values,
feelings, alld beliefs, the complex of entertainment which
characterize American society
are, Sheets teens, a potential determine to American cultural
leadership in the world.
"Our society is sick with on»
reliable pressure” . . . which
affects our cultural statute directly and indirectly through in
eitecc on the quality of political leadership, education, and
the creative arts. Political
leadership today sellers from
lack of cultural understanding,
from mediocrity of mind and
ability. Education sellers in
that its objective seems to be
consortium. And formal education in the creative arts packs
enough emphasis on a complete
knowledge of form and structure
in the legacy of Western and
noanestern art.
Sheets feels that the United
States' is or: “Cultural trial"
with regard to the rest of the
world, that there must be a rehabilitation of the democratic
system, and the establishment
of a deeper understanding of
ulhel’ peoples. But of ordinary
importance is the necessity of
recapturing spiritual balance
in order for America to energy
as a cultural leader.
Sheets made nu mention of
“American painting in 1956” as
he indicated he would in his
title. His concern about the
“darkness" or african society
and its effect on culture was
concern and valid. But his
clicks-hidden handling of the
role of the artist in relation to
all of the above points made
one think that he granted the
wrong speech before jumping
on the plane in Grinnell.
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllglllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
News Briefs
Senior Gift
notification ot seniors for
Class gift Contributions will beglrl soon under direction of the
S e n i o r announcement Com<
filter. The campaign will Conclllde May 11.
Committee members h a v e
chosen to deviant from the traditional class gift or something
for the campus, and use the
money instead im- the LeMoyne
Fund and/or books [or the library. In donation, seniors may
specify a preference for the
gift.
The announcement Commit
tee. recently appointed by Chris
Peterson and Jerry forward,
consists of Chairman Eldon
brand, Bob McCord, John ShleP
hold, Jerrilynn Johnson, and
Barbara Boardway. The possibility of an outdoor announcement is also presently under
Consideration.
Dithyrumb
Dllhyl‘ﬂmb “0n the Dark
Side" opens for - one-night
stand tomorrow later the minneapolis Orchestra Concert. The
world famous Blll McGlnty
printer will be appearing for
dancing Ind several reported
entertaining will be present for
the nations‘ entertainment. The
nightlife opens its doors at 10
p.m. on career Plaza unless
the boulder formats. in which
case it will be ill Loose Lounge.
Tickets are one dollar at the
Forum desk, but they will be
available at the floor for §l.15.
trials Coffee
“The ‘New‘ medications" will
be the topic or a coffee hour
talk by University at Iowa victorian Christopher march. The
Monday coffee hour will he
sponsored by use trials and
will he held at 4 sun. in the
South Lounge at the Forum.
Richard Hufstadter said that
“march promises in be one of
our major compensation on
America.“
‘Dream Play’
A u g u s r Strindbel‘g's The
Dream Play will he presented
by the Grinnell Players next:
Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday at 8 pm.
The Swedish play/Wright's
marketplace has been especially adapted for Grinnell's Arena
Theatre with an unusual approach by the Cast and definitions.
Directed by Howard lewis
meeting placed III, the play
features santa compression,
Max Helfgott, Rick Rolilk. and
Bill Downey in lead roles.
Star rating
A public astronomy viewing
5 e s s i n n with Grinnell’s new
tuesday telescope will be given,
weather submitting, by amateur,
astronomer calcium N e l a o n
(English) Monday without 9:00
on Ward Field.
All students, faculty. and faculty families are invited lot the
session which will last about an
hour. ‘ , . .
 
Friday, April 29. ms
The Liberal Liberal Arts College and Its Students: Part II
SCARLET AND BLACK
Carleton} 'liberalism' limited to academy 5
ED. NOTE: In this second in a series
on the “Liberal Liberal Arts College
and Its Students," Burdette (Bird)
Loomis, at Carleton junior government
major, expounds on two factors which
he thinks exhibit Carleton‘s progress
as a “liberal" college — the all-lrnpor.
taut gradepolnt and the “disturbingly
Midwestern models."
The statement of aims in the 1966
Carleton College Catalog concluded:
Through emphasis on moral sensitivity, intellectual excellence, and
commitment to goals which extend
beyond the sell, the College wants to
help its students develop their abil<
its to make critical and independent
documents and to act responsible within any society. It hopes that
they will enhance their clVllizauon
with the works of their reason and
imagination and that they will challenge any threat to the freedom and
density of man.
it is signsﬁcant to today’s Carleton
that “moral sensitivity” provides “intellectual excellence” in the above par
graph. Every student knows that Carleton emphasizes intellectual excellence; if
they don’t know upon arrival, the work
load soon leaves them with no doubt
as to the truth of this proposition, But
diet Nam-and many students reach
institutional by burning themselves in
their work.
A considerable amount of studying at
Carleton thus seems to be motivated by
fear—fear oi the capabilities of 1300
other bright people, fear of not getting
into the (or any) grad school. and perhaps a tear of experience, constitution
in its place the safety of learning from
books But every college has its 3C3comic treasures, and although harley
ton’s high standards produce a lot of
societies, 75 per cent of all entering early
graduate, so the pressure is hardly comparable.
While hamilton's academic position is
generally well-deﬁnew, its social picture
is ill a state of serious flux. Carleton,
like its students. is going through an
"identity Crisis." Carleton has looked for
itself during most of the past decade,
is still searching, and may or may not
find itself in the next few years. The
social situation at Carleton today is one
of compromise. There are a limited
number of open houses each week, women’s hours have been somewhat label“
aiized, and while talk about sex is encouraged, the college has found it necessal‘y to take a position in opposition to
premarital interactive.
A rather consider balance of feeling
exists in that the students and a large
AN ART WORKSHOP is part at Carleton'r "well-defined" academic position. It is the "social picture" that "is in a state of reviews flux." record-
to writer Loomir.
web to a greater extent each student can
.feel, if he allows himself, that Carleton
wants to image everyone with that kind
of “moral sensitivity" which the college
thinks is the best, Unfortunately the
models turn out to be disturbingly Midwestern.
First, in regard to “intellectual excellence," Carleton is generally recognized as a “good, small liberal arts
college" (whatever that means); the at:ldemlc program is properly heavy for
such an institution, and the faculty is
generally excellent. Everyone feels an
around of pressure. produced mainly by
the looking: of graduate school .an/or
segment of the faculty are for more liberal than the administration. One major
reason for this is that while the Carleton student body is national in composition, the money to run the college comes
from an older and more conservative
Carleton generation, which lives and always has lived in the Midwest.
The attitudes of the Midwest also play
a large role in the social realm of
Carleton lite. Northﬁend (until two years
ago known as the town of “rows, colleges, and conventions") is the usual
fashion of conservation. and, by God,
the college can’t allow its students to
offers» the towards. The atmosphere of
Northfield and the whole Midwest is taken too seriously by the college; with
dynamic leadership Carleton could successfully set itself apart from the recordings superﬁreally imposed by geography.
But time after time students hear the
same administration objective — don’t
friend those who support the college.
Don’t friend, don't risk, do disagree if
you want. but not too lovely. This is all
great entertainment to that individual
who is supposedly learning how to make
“critical and independent documents"
What about these ”Critical and independent documents” that the college desired the student to make? 0K, great.
lovers on the Carleton scene are the
people who are concerned about the college and its future. This segment unfortunately seems to be switching as admissions policies and disillusionment thin
the rank of passengers.
Action Party, a. formerly successful
political organization of the Leif, did a
quiet death earlier this year, and although an SDS chapter has spent up
for Action members, the focus of their
thinking is almost entirely toward offcampus issues. The college newspaper
is filled with the usual accepted (and
too-often hackneyed) liberal thought, and
there is a defining need for a sharp,
empirical publication which might star
"COWS. COLLEGES, AND CONTENTMENT" were Norihtield's attractions. This and Midwestern conservation are telren too seriously by early-
ton says Loomis.
Noble aims and all that. But when std—
cents propose a community government
\vlll the college listen? Will the admissions office take a chance on that bright
boy who might become an activity: Or
will it settle on that nice, alkaround boy
who probably won't cause any trouble?
Whenever a problem comes up at Carleton that appears to call for a decision,
it is immediately referred to a com<
little, and it necessary, a new com-
little is formed to study the problem"
There is a committee for everything——
a Student Long Range Planning Committee, a Faculty Long Range Planning
Committee, a StudentvFaculty . Administration Council, a Faculty-Administratloanruslee Council (apply appreciated
FAT), and dozens more.
The four committees above have all
evolved in the past few years because
no one seems to want to make a decision. The present president has tried to
be a democrat in the humanitarian framework of administration set up by his
predecessor. Thus, more committees
are created every week in response to
the need for a place for each new idea
to be referred and (in all probability)
shelter.
Lost in this endless consideration of
of committees, compromise, and indication is that individual who is paying
$2600 a year to attend Carleton. Why
is the student content to automatically
live with this all too real middle?
First, there is the demanding academic program. For many people the grade
point is the be—all and overall of college later Carleton has more than its
share of these people (commonly labeled
“superbookers"), but this group would
not be active on any campus. seemed]
up some fresh ideas. Memories ot marsh
administration action toward a previous
publication and a lack in creative talent
have combined to effectively silence this
possible outlet of criticism and vitamins.
AS there are neither universities nor
cars at Carleton, students must integrate themselves into the lite ot the
college to a considerable extent. However, after seeing the same issues handled over for years on end (i,e., open
houses, women’s hours, in logo parental)
most girls tend to ignore the identification problems or the college and concentrate inwardly toward their books
and social life or toward the Outside
world. Thus the administration is tree to
wonder toward whatever policy it items
that the students will accept. This is
why the Carleton identification problem
may not be solved for a long time. Only
a small part of the student body is
willing to try to argue and loan in
order to make the administration talk
about what should have been called
years ago.
So—for a college with an excellent liberal tradition in academics, Carleton is
not working nearly hard enough to create an equally liberal climate for social
thought. The “moral sensitivity” of the
college and the interference of most of
the students toward changing the college social situation leave the fate of
Carleton’s identity Still to be decided.
Perhaps it will take a new president.
perhaps a new climate of opinion among
students, but what is a certainly is that
Carleton needs a sense of direction in
the social sphere Similar to the sense
of purpose its academics have long pos—
passed.
 
l Page Six
SCARLET AND ILACK
Friday. april bit. mo
 
} Court Action
(Continued from Page i)
have handled the case through armenia»
station channels but chose the student
Court instead
The Court asked t h e In if they
thought that they were being uniairly
singles out. All three replied no.
Acting as protection. CDIHP press—
sent Bob quote asked for conduct promotion until midsemester break of next
year‘s fall semester. in making its de<
cisiﬂn, the Court felt that “the seriousness of the violation, involving an es
published college rule warranty a
recommendation of conduct promotion,
and further- that such promotion should
deﬁlikely extend beyond the remainder
of this semester.
in other court action, the new policy
oi the Men's Court choosing an auto
magic fine of ﬁrm—actually $10, $8.50 of
which is suspended—for men locked in
the women's logged up (0 ten minutes
after closing, came under like last
week.
Former West morris Hall President
John Black entered an appeal to the
High Court, after two West morris men
were notified of files for being locked
in the logged. 1
Johnson, Heilbron Win
Hill Speaking Contest
Sylvia Johnson and Richard Heilbron
took top honors in the annual Hill Speaking Contest held last Tuesday in the
Forum’s South Lounge, Other Winners in
‘ a women's division were Elizabeth
Mdl‘notice, second place; and Cindy
pages, third place. in the men's division David SChl‘eCk and Russell Allen
tied for second and third,
Miss Johnson's speech topic was “Funeral Practices in the US.” It was main1y a criticism oi the policy or embalrning. Heilbron spoke on the "US, Policy
toward Red China," accounting recognition of Red China by the U.S. and th
admission to the UN. He argued another that the United States should not
try to contain Red China's influence in
Asian affairs,
Last year's winner in the women's did7union, there joined, was chairman or
the contest. William speaker (German),
members Prescott (English), and William Vanderpool (speech and theatre)
served as judges.
 
W/////
The nasty Pastry Shop
iUSCONT CNTEER
STERISOL
MOUTH WASH
Reg. 69: 39‘
WOODBURY
SHAMPOO
Reg. $1.00 40‘
METRECAL
6 cars 5' 59
RENEW SELTZER
Reg. 69: 45‘
FRESH SPRAY
DEODORANT
leg. $1.25 15‘
FLORAL PRINT
TOILET TISSUE
2 fails 25‘
MEN’S HOSIERY
44‘ in
COVER ﬁIRL
Reg. $1.50 98‘
} Senate
(Continued from Page I)
little and two social chairman from
each campus. The committee will re.
imburse calls which hold social events
with other calls.
Social Coordinator Bob Johnston lead
explained in his report that the reason
for the fund was "Io improve the social
life at Grinnell” and “to keep the money
out of the hand of BXzG." He hopes the
fund will encourage more eligibility and
greater contact between calls.
soil-[P President Bob quote also described the fund, saying that the find
was designed to break down some of
the barriers between calls.
Only two Senators spoke in support or
Wezelman's amendment. and the Senate
selected it by a voice vote.
The Senate then approved the entire
budget without further debate.
Another major change ibm last year
was to appropriate 5400 to partially
sponsor the merger oi Grinnell Review
and Nails into a "literary and artistic
journal” at accident and faculty contract—
tions.
In the Social budget 31500 was added
to the Concerts to make up for iiicreas<
ing costs, and $800 was added to made
abouts to make possible two iorinai
cancer next year.
The proposal to continue affiliation
with the National student Association
was also approved without discussion.
Last year after a heated debate NSA
was Continued by a vote at 19-18.
George Witrgrai, NSA Coordinator, explained two practical benefits of NSA
membership: the NSA insurance trust
and the International Student ID Cards.
which are both available at reduced
rates, and the potentialities for political
involvement.
“Under Milkwood’
featured Tonight
Under Milkwood opens tonight at it
pro. for a single performance in roberts’ Theatre.
Under Mllkwood, a play (or voices,
is showtimes and adapted to stage by
director red Donahue, who also directed
the first stated production in this Colin»
try in 1953 at wellington College.
Donahoe's cast is headed by Sue month
and Jeit oakland, as narrative voices.
Joining them in commentary on the
people of the little town at Milkwnod is
the blind Captain Cat, played by Terry
McCoy.
The play is set on a spring day, from
dawn to disk, in a town in Wales. The
town is mad, the people in it are mad,
and Thomas loves them that way.
Under Miiiiwood ranges brown absurdiiy
to python, with little breathing space in
between.
The play will run about an hour and
a half. No tickets are required.
SDX alerts Hodierne
As ’66—’67 President
Monday Sigma Delta Chi, the men's
professional journalism society, I|i<
fucked {our new members and elected
next year’s officers.
infected into the society were i-henry
Wilhelm, John Phillips, Harold jason,
and Alan Axelrod. Bob Hodierne was
elected president and Harold jason was
elected vice president.
WHERE YOH NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell. iowa
BRYLCREAM
HAIR DRESSING
Reg. 54¢ 33‘
MODESS
SANITARY NAPKINS
Pk. of 43 5" 1 1
FILLER PAPER
300 sheets 51‘
BRECK SPRAY
Reg. $l.50 93‘
9 mm. to 7 p.rn. Friday
STORE
HOURSt 9 mm. to 8 sun. Mom, Tues“
Wed.. hours.. cal.
DENTUR
CREAM FOR DENTURES
it... 19c 49‘
SEAMLESS MESH
NYLONS
it... 99: 51'
ICE-O-DERM
Reg. 98: 11‘
SHORT SLEEVE
SHIRTS
Reg. 5m 91'
 
Friday. April 29. like
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
) Pot Book
(continued from Page 1)
the students’ use of marijuana is their
“isolation." He believes drug usage has
spread from the Bohemian groups to
others.
in his book, Goidstein makes no estimate as to how many student: at Grin-
well use pot. But he says, “Around the
country about one out of seven use pot."
, President Glenn suggest is one of the
first persons to have ordered the book
from Walker and Co. in New York.
Parts of the book will be serialized
in a twopart article scheduled to he published in the Saturday Evening Post May
10 and May 24. One of the articles will
mention Grinnell.
. Goidstein days he has spent close to a
year in researchers the book. During
that time he visited is of the 50 colleges. However, he did not go to Grinnell.
The author, who earlier published an
Irh'cle on drugs in Moderator, says he
wrote the book on the basis or Interviews with over 350 persons who had
“first-hand contact with dogs." He
says he also made visits to colleges and
left questionnaires to administrators,
police, health officials, student newspapers, and other contacts.
“Fifteen per cent of all students have
tried marijuana once," says Goldstein.
“I don't think this is an outrageous
estimate. He says a University ot California dean at Berkeley told him half
the students there have used marijuana.
And a dean at Columbia College said
one third of the students have used pot.
The are-publication reaction to the
hook has already caused the change of
the title and of one chapter heading.
Originally named Hey Mr. Tambourine
Man: Drug: on Campus, the title was
changed after Bob Dylan threatened to
sue. Also I chapter entitled “Pot and
the Pepsi Generation" was changed at
the request at the Pepsi Co.
Goldstein, who will receive I M.S. degree in journalism in June, says he
was suspected to other treasures in writing the book. "My phone was happen."
he says. “It started a couple of days
after i talked to the New York narrative
squad.”
But he says the marijuana users and
‘ dealers he talked to were the one: “win:
lace a real risk."
The conclusion Goldstein draws on,
marijuana usage is that it is “relatively wireless." Alter marijuana he says.
“college students sometimes graduate
to psychedelic drugs."
Goidstein maintains, "college students
share their parents’ horror of herein."
He reiterates, “This is the first generation to face an opening up or the
drug scene. Dmgs have crest into the
popular culture.“
PHOTO CREDITS
Pale l: medicine
Page a: Carleton PR
Pan 3: Hadleniz
 
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across iron: the Post Office
GRINNELL. IOWA
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Exol mixed
Phone 236-3979
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Ofﬁce
Closed l’hurt. PM.
and Set. PM.
“in, as mm mm, the rm n dymg
term am eyes, the partner's cardiff may well be: Killed with lunch
news. A messianic nptimlfrl'l ma um
rm, organization was the only hope
in: writing world problems; .1 must,
therefore, be presented at .1: costs.
Eu! on cart or presenting the great
problem»clear has been, originally,
to indicate n 1mm .11 Contact mm
problems that ”non cause it {a mail.
1: has become
line” one or the m a he: may el m.
pmc/emmeod. (mm in“ of using minor" 'v TlONAl arrow, m.
to u. t cm no r.
Patronize Our
Advertisers
 
nil.
THE ADVENTURES for
PAM AUSTIN
CHAPTER SIX
"toronto saves ‘the day
Last time, we left Pam, hanging way out. on a lamb . .
with only one way to go.
Alas! Is there nothing to
save her from "freedom Falls"?
Wait. Coming through that
cloud of dust! Those slave
, good looks. That strong;
silent detector. That mighty
V8 power. . ' ..
Those comfort-congo red budget
seats. And and that '
' silver center control only be . ‘ .
i H Lizwmmiii- oil:‘lwlll‘illi|oil'.will
lllilll?‘..:‘
 
Page signs SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. April 29. ms
ala/y Sweatshirts! Batman, True/ate lose
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A FAMILIAR SIGHT is Jeri Langhem finishing first. Tuesday Langham
ARMS FLAILING. legs licking. sun glasses jigglingl Jon russell serving for won die mile run against place College of laws and in doing so see _a Ward
extra distance in due bread jump. He finished second. The only winners Field and school record of 4:|B.2. The old record of 4:20 was see m |933
in blue sc1 meet mother men Langham] were piece paintball in ilie 440 by Mike Pilbrow- Langham is men below in“ after ”is 'race- The learn
(51.1) and Tom Wood in one invalid [IE' 1. more lorllie meelwas “.40 inlavorol SCI.
—@ _
W
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Step Up To
 
 
 
 
“JD‘S RESYAURANT
Elevaiea — m 922% Main, channel}
 
 
 
 
men
PHIL woonwmu: SNEAKED back he first' base in e pick . all exempt in m are:
. . game of a doubleheader Tuesday engines Came”. ennnen 1m both e: l’liiose games. In
headquarters FOL smile of a 1m ending rally the first game went m The second was beer lay a score of
“$93: 44. Lasf weekend the happens Msls of the midwest Conference dropped fwoio Mon-
mroufh. The only highlight. according ie 5&3 iporli order Gary Wilson. was Gary Wilg possess
$331 sims
SLACK:
Q) ILOUSES
son's four for men living Tuesday.
seems . '
ﬂ [APPAREL " .
GRINNELL
PATRONIZE OUR You’re in the Pepsi genevaﬁon!
 
 
ADVERTISERS
 
