Students Aid Tornado Victims
By KRYS NEUMAN
Fiftyrtwo Grinnell students responded
to a plea for aid from tale tornadostruck Northwest iowa town, diamond,
last Monday.
Chaplain Dennis Haas, who made the
original request for volunteers in chapel
Sunday, said, “i am pleased with the response considering the short notice.
Many students are concerned about
what goes on beyond these walls. No
matter what the need i felt Grinneil
students would respond.”
The toronto hit Friday afternoon, iniliciing 57,5ou,ooo worth or damage in
three minutes. A subsequent communications breakdown happened immediate
volunteer help operations. Haas and
Rev. powell Davis, oi Grinnell's tongue<
Haas and students requested for the
exhibition inlormally. but, in the open—
ion of one or the student organizing,
“not enough students heard about it. it
should have been announced through
SGA."
By the time the Grinneli party got to
diamond, there were college students, insurance agents, National Guardsmen
and Red Cross workers all over. The
Red Cross had been direction the volunteers and the entire relief program
from the first day. They had had an
emergency aid team at the disaster sight
Within one-half hour after the Storm.
The Red Cross planned to continue a
mass emergency care program throughout most of this week. Hot food was
made available all day long. On Sunday,
the Red Cross estimated that it had fed
 
 
national Church made arrangements for 3.000 people.
a Grinnell work party when they made
contact with the disaster police force
late Sunday.
TORNADO—
(Continued on Page 10)
 
GRINNELL trudenir helped in the emergency clean-up or for.
nano-strieken diamond, Iowa, last Monday. The Red Cross. which directed relief work. intended on volunteers from six area colleges to aid
the disaster work force, Turn to pngn 4 for n picture story on diamond.
 
ilillillillllllIIIlllillllllIIIllliiillllliilllilillllliillllillliiilllilillillllIIllllililllliilllllillllilillliillllliiillllliillllllllllillllliiillliIIlllliilllililllllilllllillllll
Homecoming and Parents Weekend
Schedule of Events
Friday, October 21
mo p.m. College Theater Production, "in Search or Happiness,” by Viktnr Rozov, student~directed by Max—
well Helfgott , .. . ., . Arena Theater
8:30 p.m. Concert: Grinnell College String Orchestra, colleague musical, and Gtinnell College Choir. under
the direction of processors Don Jones, penis M.
de Coteau, and David Sutherland ' service Chapel
9:15 p.m. “In Search or Happiness" Arena Theater
9:30 p.m. Movie: “The LeShaped Room" A.R.H. Auditorium
Saturday, October 22
8:00 am. - 12 noon Visitors may attend any class session . , . MEthchrun Field
3:30 - 11:00 aim. Free duties and Doughnuts, Courtesy of
the Grinnell Chamber of Commerce
0:00 mai informal Coffee Hour for Parents of Members or
the Air Force Reserve Officers Training Program.
....... , janet Lounge, 1233 Park Street
10:00 - 11:00 u.ml lodging oi Hall generations North Campus
rlDtDO nrmr - 10:15 a.m. hamilton decimal, Professor albert
horse Smith . . .. . , , , . . . . Campus
10:30 arm. Cross Country: Grinnell vs. Beloit. . , Ward Field
11:00le. lnlormalSymposium; Freedom and Order in
The Student Society. Participants, President Glenn
suggest, Associate Dean oi the College Richard H.
centers, Dean of Women Alice LowI and Dean of
Men 5. Eugene Thompson .. .. Roberts Theater
1:00 11.11:. hamilton decimal, Professor ali) e rt horse
Smith . , , . .. . .campus
_ 2:00 p.ln. Football: Grinnell vs. Beloit. maritime Activities:
Welcome by President suggest
Presentation of Homecoming Queen
Announcement of Hall generation Winners
Introduction of Fathers of Players
Ceremony covering Parents . . . Ward Field
After the Game Post»Game Refreshments for Alumni Parents - Faculty - Students - Entertainment by the
newsletters . . . North and South younger, Forum
7:30 pm. “in Search of Happiness" Arena Theater
IIIllliIIlllliiilllliIIllllllllllliillllliltllliillilliiiilllliilllillillllIIlllllillllliilllllIIlllliillllllllllillilllliliillliillllllillllililllliitlllliIlillliitllllllllllilllilill
 
 
 
 
prince I College
would/ed: m
Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXIV
Grinnell, Iowa. Friday. October 2|, i765
No. B
 
Higher Wages? Senate Offers Support
workout Planned;
Strike Tomorrow?
By ALAN AXELROD
At the end of a two-hour
Wednesday night session, the
Senate approved a resolution to
let SAGA workers know that
the Senate is sympathetic to
their requests for higher Wages.
The resolution came in response to a report submitted by
Craig plain, Chairman of the
Senate Food Service and Wage
Scale Committee, in which he
told oi plans by workers at the
Quadrangle dining hall to go on
strike starting Saturday at 12
noon.
plain had been planning to
submit proposals to Dean Richard centers and Donald zambia, vice-president ot the college, when he was stopped by
a letter that Lamhie sent to all
THESE CAPTURED North Vietnamese women were in South diet Nam to help the diet
long win people over to their side. These young women and others like them are re.
turned to as "entertaining" in diet Nam. They are pictures here inn ooyernrnentprison
camp. Thir week the still carries a special feature on the Vietnamese war by former
5&3 editor Bob Hodierne, who quit school last year to become a war corresponding.
See pages o and 7.
SAGA workers accounting that
wages would be increased from
as to 95 cents per hour. plain,
however, felt that this offer was
merely "tokenism," and approaches Lamhie with a grade<
BU LLETI N
College Vice President
Donald zambia yesterday
announced a further increase
in Saga wages.
According to the new pay
schedule, interactive to 0c-
(ﬁher 15, Saga workers will
be paid at these graduated
rules:
Students in let year or
work for Saga: $1.01) per hour
Students in 2nd year: $1.05
per hour
Students in 3rd or 4th year:
31.10 per hour
Lamhie emphasized that
the rates were temporary.
He said there is a probability ot a board charge increase for the 2nd semester
to cover the added cost.
aged wage plan in which SAGA
workers would initially receive
$1 per hour, with five-cent
raises coming at the end of the
firSt. third, ﬁltd, and seventh
computers of service to SAGA.
plain was told that such a
plan would necessarily raising
the annual board tee, and that
it would have to be approved by the trustees. plain
reported to the Senate that the
plan would constitute an additional expense of $8.25 per student per year.
in response to Senator David
Swee's remarks about the strike
relatively selecting use college's attitude toward the pro
based increases, Aws Board
President K a r e n Lauterbach
said she felt sure that the strike
would be looked upon as a re
sponsored protest against the
present SAGA wage scale.
The resolution states that the
Senate, feeling that SAGA
wages are unrealistic, approve!
of Such measures as are necessary to alternate the present
situation.
Prior to passing the SAGA
resolution, the Senate approved
resolutions concerning the responsibility of SGA in crime
nursing calls for stolen or damaged property and the practice
or receiving study disks in the
library by keeping books there
ovemight.
Steve Kent lead a statement
by the Executive Cabinet that
came in answer to a request by
East morris Hall that the Senate appropriate $50 from General Budget and Reserve to
partially pay for the replacement or an amplifier and speakers, part of a hall~owned stereo
system, that were stolen over
inaugural weekend last year.
The Executive Cabinet can-
' tender that SGA cannon assume
responsibility for reimbursing
individuals or groups for loss of
or damage to primarily owned
property. The statement went
on to say that all residence
calls Should be made aware or
the necessity oi ensuring suchhallrowned appliances as stevens. televisions, and retailers-
(01's.
in regard to the library situation, the Senate passed a resolution introduced by Senator
Chuck Wall. The resolution expressed to the library the tie
site oi the Senate “to have all
books removed from all disks
at the end or each day and
placed along the empty shelter
located either in the book cases
or along the walls, This is to
allow every student and not just
a now to have access to library
disks.”
In his report to the Senate,
SENATE—a
(Continued on Page I)
 
no. Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Ed' trial
Sugar Coated Education?
While watching the 3&6 men easily cleaning the
Forum windows (seems like the last time they did that
was just before announcement, but I worlds’t clear to
it) some thoughts occurred to me about the nature of
the present weekend.
Basically, it seems to me that the whole thing is a
pretty good idea. Bringing all the parents and clubs over
and giving them a taste of what Grinnell life really is
does seem to be a variable advertising.
The questions that bother me, however, are, do we
really give them much of an idea of what’s going on here
or do we just show them a big party and send them home
even more innocent than before?
I suppose the whole thing parks back to the old
problem of the college’s image. Should we try to sugarcoat the Grinnell education and hope the parents and
clubs never see beyond the coating or should we
make an honest effort to show them what’s really has-
peeing here.
The sugarcoat approach would be fine except that
every once in a while the real thing does show through!
like when the 58;]! prints conscious articles or the students return home for vacations.
Often when the real thing does show through, it offers only an incomplete picture which out of context is
very managing to our precious image. What is packing is
a context of understanding. Homecoming could contribute
to such a context.
The point is, I suppose, that most of us at Grinnell
spend very little time going to football games, wearing
moms, election queens and building floors. Yet for the
parent or alum who speeds one day a year here it looks
like that really is about all that happens.
I’m not saying that homecoming football games
should be published, though perhaps a series of IM games
might be more representative, but that the emphasis
should be placed elsewhere.
Rather than send out an expensive invitation emblazoned with a Grinnell halfback scampering for long garbage
(or maybe just trying to get back to the scrimmage line),
why not substitute a shot of a classroom discussion or
a play. If football games were once the movie of Grinnell
life, they are now only a pleasant, if slightly irrelevant,
advance.
What this weekend needs is more emphasis on such
things as tomorrow morning’s symposium or the American premier of the Russian drama. An expansion of activities which show what Grinnell life really is and a
lightening of the emphasis on the football game would
in the long run, make homecoming a truly significant
event and not just the occasion for a haircut.
 
IllilllilllllllilllllllllllllllllllIIllllllllillllllilllluillllllllllllllillllllilllli
ACM Program Open:
Applications for second semester (January - June ’67)
fellowships in the ACM Central
American Field Studies Program, San Jose, Costa Rica,
are now available from R. F.
coleman, economics, in Carnegie 112.
Anyone wishing further in—
formation should contact coleman. The closing date for the
acceptance of applications is
November 4.
nlllllllllllllllllliilIIllllllIIiIlllllllllllllllllulllllllllllllllllllllluillllllr
Selective Service Test
The Selective Service Qualification Test will be given again
this year on November 18 and
la Grinnell men who have not
taken the test and are issued
with a healthy neurotic horror
of the draft should obtain an
application card from Dean
Thompson as soon as possible
although die test will not be
given in Grinnell, transportation
to Iowa City or Des points
will be arranged at a later date
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinncll. lower
A weekly newspaper Published each Friday or the
..
0, college year by :no Grinnell Colnlnluce on winning Pubs
r, locations. Represented for national novcrnsing by mae
n
[total Advcnising services
inc, College Publishers
representative. l3 Eur 59m sirosr, New York. 22. N.Y.
nsccond class postage paid at Grinnell. Iowa subscription
nxe 35.00 per school year. laos paid subscription.
EDITOR . ..
BUSLNESS ANAG
NEWS much _ 7
resume aaron _
copy EDITOR .
aaron EDITORS . .
ASSlsrAN‘r ro THE EDITOR
cum: monster-rm
PHOTOGRAPHERS
clncuLArroN STAFF
nArr _
k HArnld jason
__ Susan will
M-rlhl turkey
, sun riscncr
Susan Gather
Alan Axelmd. Ann Klrschner
. 7 Anne career
Jim Slur-gas
,. Alan bernhurur, susan Kuescr
. Mike Delole, Chuck Demchuck
. mi Nncnman, Charles sinlrh, Kryl german,
Rid-um Schooirov, unity given, Jan sale.
Paul Jones Bruce nlnnrord, l'leonard jump,
Andy isms,
racing Johlumn, Henry Wllhelnl.
Phyllls murray, Sunh thomson. Don \disney
Animal Behaviour
Neii kitchen
Friday. October 2']. 19M
— Guy lombardo in '67
Certain more conservative
elements on campus have estimated a totally lack of enthusiasm for (and even fear
of) the radical departure from
the past represented in rnis
year’s homecoming. The
dance (And Jefferson Airplane; Visual: Anthony Martin) surely must be aversive
for these individuals, and it
is thus with their psychological welfare in mind that 1 present a schedule of homecoming events for 1951 —— a schedule so well adapted to Grinnell as to be immediately accepted. Sn even if all of you
forthright, conservative, and
stories individuals are too inherited to enthusiastically attend the Jefferson Airplane
dance, you can still look forward to next year:
Events of 1967 “Parents'
Weekend” (“homecoming,” of
course, will be eliminated ns
specifically inappropriate) will
begin on Friday. October 22,
with administration-alumni symposium of primary interest to
all clubs — “The Role of the
said in the Hall System.”
Friday, too, offers a host of
o t h e r Wonderful activities.
Two settings 0f “samba,” a
wonderful family movie for
the entire, wonderful family,
will ge given in ARI-i — a
parents’ showing at 6:30 pm.
and a ratings at Z in the nth
epson. Later a fascinating
exhibit of Alumni Needlework
of the Class of ’46 will be
shown in the Schneffcr Gallery.
A treat for our scholars will
be a lecturesdemonstralion in
R o b e r t s concerning “Social
Amenities and precious Living”
by governor Harold E.
Hughes. url Hughes will also
distribute free started and
black pension favors to qualified seniors.
On Saturday, though, dis
real fun begins. Feeling the
necessity for victory, the ml:latin department has associated to play persons’ freshman team. Prior lo the game,
there will be a medicare of
removed, Sacred Music by
Cowles.
Float competition will be deleted from the schedule; Clark
men would have won anyway
With their original theme —
“Scenes from the Life of Dean
Thompson."
Following the big game, requirements will be served. Parents and faculty will imbibe
cherry and circuits (Courtesy
of Golden Rule Funeral Homes)
in the North Lounge, While students and chaperones will have
calls-side and graham teachers (courtesy of the sex) in the
South Lounge.
And the dance — oh, yes
. . . We are extremely form.
date ln having secured Guy
Lombardo and his Royal Canadiansr hobbies will be brown
onto the dance ﬂfor over
huge blocks of dry-ice. Let’s
hear it for Guy and the boys
who have ended a twenty-five
year booking at New York’s
Roosevelt Hotel just to come
all the way In central Iowa to
play your favorite tunes ..
totally the “Anniversary
malta."
Dress will be quickly en.
forced. Man must wear threebutforl, v e s t ed, conservative
suits; skirt length must be
“models." All dates must have
study purple archive at least
seven (7) inches in diameter.
This appears in me [0 be
the kind of thing that some
of you want, and personally I
think it’s just wonderful, won-
derful, wonderful. And, be-
sides, the Jefferson Airplane
(lance this weekend is a ongoing-lifestyle thin g anyway;
you‘ll never have to worry
about if login.
 
Letters . . .
Questions mortality
To the Editor:
On attending chapel this year,
1 was happy to see that Mr.
Haas was not afraid to create a
religious atmosphere in his ser-
vice, especially when controlled
with the tone of many of last
year’s chapel services. However,
it is my own feeling, and that
of most others to whom I have
talked, that this has been accomplished partially at the cost
of information and meaningful
news. I think that most students
who amended the recent community service appreciated the fact
that they could participate in a
community service for the cold
legs community, although many
requested that it had to be accompanied by so much mortality and visual. When participation with mortality displayed
the meaningfulness of the service, then the mortality is being carried too far. in the fu—
sure perhaps Mr. Haas and all
others concerned could concentrate more fully on bringing
a significant Christian message
to the sunday service. rather
than investing on a potentially
perfunctory ormalify.
_aaron rangers
Classic Cynicism
To the Editor:
Never before have l been so
thoroughly discussed by a letter
appearing in the sell. I am, of
course. referring to John prospect‘s example of “classic” cynicism. Anyone who can read the
special 5&3 and come away with
no more than a mental reserve
of statistical errors and in—
correct logic, should be copying transcripts in a ministers
and not writing letters in conservation of the fresh spirit of
involvement. which has been so
solely needed at Grinnell. For
the first time in at least three
years the campus is really alive
with the, excitement of ‘new
ideas, and all John ci-osselt can
see is poor logic.
originally John prospect’s letter_is itself a model of poor
logic and invalid goneralizsuon.
The statement that flows “mar
each argumentior rather each
tolerance” is a classic example
To write such a letter last year
would have been equivalent to
licking a man who was already
down. but this year, in an atmosphere of innovation and excitement. John prospect has
only suspended in making clear
how truly out of touch he is.
—Craig w. plain
in Defense
To the Editor:
It is opportunity that the
North and James better sing
presentation has been misinterpreted and disturbed by leg«
gy variety in her letter in last
week's paper.
Miss variety referred to a pre«
sentzltlon that dealt with, as she
phrases it, “the topic of metro
culture.” if Miss largest had
listings more closely to the variation, she might have received
more precisely that it made
specific reference to “the metro
farm hand in the 1850’s" Now
the kind of music created by
and about these people was the
essence of the NorthsJames better presentation, the mood of
which was clearly not demo
gatory. The recipient themes
that ran through all of the
songs were “I got a crown up
in a the kingdom, win'a that
good news,” “There is a ball
in Gilead to make the founded
whole," and “I got plenty o’
within’, and within’s plenty for
me ('cause) 1 got my girl, got
my Lord, got my song.” It is extremely disrespectful to twist
the meaning of Gershwin's
music and keyword’s lyrics, as
Miss variety did to make her
point. If Miss variety had any
nowledge of the musical sorry
and less, she could not have
inaccurately concluded that the
message was simply ”within’s
plenty for me.” And more important, as in all great floral
music, the song smks for itself, if you listen to the whole
song.
And n point about dealers.
Mr. Burleigh, one of the famous
metro folk song writers of the
1880’s, and his contemporaries
wrote all their songs in dealers.
keyword wrote his lyrics in the
same style. To demonstrate the
lyrics in “perfect” English, to
timber at all with u composer’s
work, is an result to the com<
power and a misrepresentation
of what he wrote. This was not
our lniEntIOn.
Finally, our costumes were
part of a context —— a period in
time, a place in history. When
Miss largest changed die Lime
and place, she protected no influence. What made her sick
(“Your handling of the topic
was offensive . . l and you don’t)
even know it") cast an erotic
reflection, the productions of
which exceed even her poor
master
—.Bill Hughes
In Defense II
To the Editor:
Having read and thread Peggy variety lemr fo who you
last week regarding better, 1
am still completely unable to
understand it.
Although I on: not a metro
Culture major, there are certain
facts upon which even I feel
qualified to comment. The form
er slave config'on of the American metro is no secret, nor is
it, 1 believe, a negative reflec<
tion on the metro In any sense
of the word. It is, lo narrow on
expression, a listening chapter
in American history, but it is a
chapter of which the metro is
the victim, not the culprit. The
only people who should have
been sensitive about jul' presentation are white.
It is in his sense that North
and James attempted to treat
the metro Slave culture in better; not as u society of his
position, but as a tribute to the
density with which he more his
adjust burden.
Although undoubtedly not an
mon replication of the metro
condition of the 1850’s, our presentation was, we feel, treated
with dis highest degree of respect, density, and sensitivity,
—Bruce Hamilton
1 l
 
Friday. October 2i. not
SCARLET AND BLACK
hqo Thrn
 
Are You a contributions Objeotor?
Supreme Court qualified SS Definition
By RICHARD SCHNEIROV
Young men, seeking drain etc
edition more often today. may
choose a position of contributions objective to war only to
have it declared legacy unacoepraoie.
The contributions objective
classification was established by
Congress, and can at any time
are removed. According to section 6i or the Universal military
Training and Service Act oi 1951
a “C0” is an individual who
“by reason or religious training
and belief, is confidentiality op.
based ro participation in war in
any form. Religious training
and belief in this connection
means an individual's belief in
a relation to a Supreme Being
involving duties superior to
those arising from any human
relation, our does not include
essentially political, sociological
or philisophical views or merely
a personal moral code."
For the Individual who is I
member of a artistic, organized religion there is usually
little trouble in obtaining
“C0” sims. He all merely
to atilrm his belief in I Supreme Being and then prove
by witnesses or reference that
ha is concern in his objective
to war. However, the indiana.
all who does not believe in
God or has limits will run
into some dﬂﬂmulti.
Until recently acoustic or
atheism: “C05" were denied
d e s i r e d classification. and
many times went to prison. But
on March 8, 1965, a handmade
Supreme Court decision was
handed down in the case oi the
United States vs. Daniel seeker.
seeker stated that his “skepticism or fisheries in the exist»
price oi God “did” not necessarily mean lack oi faith in
anything whatsoever"; and that
his was a "belief in and decision to cordless and virtue for
their own sales and a religious
faith in a surely ethical creek."
seeker's local Selective Service Board denied his applied«
train for “CO" status because
his objective to war was not
based upon a relief in a relation to a Supreme Being. In its
decision to allow seeker's
claim. the Court stated its new
interpretation oi the Selective
Service Act: The test of belief
in a relation to a Supreme Being is whether a given seller
that is concern and meaningful
occupied a place in the like or
its professor parallel to that
filled by the orthodox belief in
God or one who clearly quilt-
Headquarters For:
IlOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRESSEI
3W
‘KINNELL NEWTON
ties for the exemption. Where
such beliefs have parallel positions in the lives of their respective holders we cannon say
that one is in ‘a relation to a
Supreme Being’ and the other
is not. . . . Local boards and
Courts in this sense are not
free to reject beliefs because
they consider them ‘incomprev
possible.’ Their task is to (i!code whether the beliefs processed by a registered are sincerely held and whether they
are, in his own scheme or
things, religious.”
An aspect or the law which is
religious is the phrase “training and belief.” The two terms
training and relief were meant
to be viewed as a single concept. A federal court held that
“so tar as Congress was thinking. it regarded it as meaning
no more than individual expo
pierce supporting belief; a
mere background against which
fingering could he tested,” The
word religious does not never
family refer to orthodox views.
The individual “CO" does not
have to belong to a church or
attend Sunday School.
The clause “war in any
form” is also very important.
The ‘co'i must not only ob.
ject to the particular war. but
object Io ALL WIr including
war against I state such as
Nazi Germany. This clause
presents people whose view:
are "political, sociological. or
philosophical” brown becoming
elem."
There is still another important decision to be made by the
“C0." He can ask [or noncombatant duty in the army, in
which case he will probably end
up as a media. The noncom<
patent is classified MO. The
"C0” can also object to all
forms or military service. in
this case he will be classified IO
and assigned to civilian work
in the national interest —- most
likely as a worker in one or the
many government - sponsored
programs. it is also possible
that at "ca" will object to being
connected in any way with the
military establishment. If he
refused to even accept civilian
Work, the “C0" is in serious
difficulty with the law. Most (if
these extreme directors end up
in jail — the penalty being a
term up to ﬁve years and/or
a fine or not more than ten
thousand dollars.
What are the procedures one
must go through to become
classified as a “CO”? The first
opportunity the registered gets
is when he ﬁlos out 555 Form
No. 100. This is mailed to each
individual after he register!
with his local board. The pro!receive “CO" then signs a statement on the form stating that
he is opposed to participation in
war in any form and requesting
} Senate
(Continued (mm Page 1)
Dave shellenoarger, north
campus social chairman, and
Chairman Oi the initiative Fund
Committee, reported that $365
has already been admitted to
different calls, leaving $1,090 in
the fund.
Shellenbarger said that in addition to the individual hall
sponsor, the event must include
at least one of the following: a
men's hall, a women‘s hall, the
faculty, or die whole campus.
He emphasized that the event
need not necessarily be cold.
535 Form 150. it a person has 9—._
already filled out form 100
without signing the ”C0" statement he can at any time request that his local Selective
Service Board send his special
form 150.
The Special Form for Curr
scientists directors SSS Form
150 is divided into ﬁve parts.
They include I Claim for are
edition, ll Religious Training
and Belief, all General background, lv Participation in organizations and v references.
If the “C0" is a student he
should ask {or a student determine. Thus he will be classified
is or 115 until ills name is
called, At this time he will
either be Classified M or 1A0.
11' a person does not receive
his desired classification. he
should ask for a hearing with
his board at once.
The individual who thinks
he is - eco" or is on the
borderline should check himself by answering the ioiiowlog sample questions: What
process or reasoning led me
to hold my View? in what
way and to whom have 1 expressed my views? what soc.
ruieos have i made for my
conference? Am I against all
war? Why do I object to killing? Do i have a duty to the
community? What method do
I use to resist evil?
Graduate colored
Dr. Robert N. joyce. Grinneli ’45, has been awarded a
medal by the Franklin Institute. Awards oi the Franklin
institute are given annually to
men and women who have done
outstanding work in the physical sciences or engineering.
joyce was recognized for
selling down and improving the
reliability and performance oi
increasingly complex electrical
circuits used for such purposes
as radio and television receivers and for computers.
joyce is chairman or the
college's board oi trustees.
pending;
my: Hasr ovum!
HEADQUARTERS FOR WINTER lTEMS
Men's Lined Gloves . . . . . . . . 53.98
Women’s Wool fitness . . . . . . . . . “.59
Men’s Lined Western Jackets . . . . s17.98
Welcome Parents and Visitors
During Grinnell Homecoming
GOOD LUCK, PIONEERS!
 
BEAT
BELOIT
Patronize Our
Advertisers
ESP-DISK. recording company of the new mud.
and the FUGS wants carriers apr tar surveys and
public relation: union.
mono.
Contact links-diatdyr
l. SVOLLNIAN
eur
ISL-5TH AVI,
NEW VOIK,
 
Let's Walk off
with a
Victory!
Brown Shoe iii Co.
 
TOM'S IONGHORN
 
Anyone can
GOOF.
With canon's comparable Bond Typewriter Paper, you
can trade that good without a trace.
Not a telltale smudge remains. A special surface perl
hits quick and easy trading with an ordinary pencil
fraser. For perfect papers every time, get charitable.
in light, medium, heavy weights and Onion Skin. In
handy low-sheet packets and SOD-sheet read boxes.
At Stationery Departments.
EATON PIPER CORPORA‘HON. HTTSfiiLD. MASSACﬂUSETTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COLLEGE CHAPLAIN Dennis Haas, second from right. is shown clearing usually large number for a Tornado‘ Many people raid ll was a miracle
diamond yards alongside lewnspeeple and Grinnell sludenfse The garbage ihal new there than e lives were less. on Monday. government eiiieiale
displayed many amenities. They are being shellered by elder iewnspeeple declared diamond e federal discover free and im'armed lpwnspeeple how
and by their friends and relatives in the surrounding counrryside. I09 they could receive government aid in require. Most of die business and
home: jul of 290 were destroyed — when the Red Cross ierrns an un- home owners were insured in name exleur. see Yhnms by Krys german
Students Help Clear.
Tornado Struck To wn
75 PER CENT of the lawn's business stephen was either
legally destroyed or badly damaged. Tewn children Were
let our bl school as whole particles kitchen in re see up
temporary businesses and re-establish housekeeping.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The TORNADO delivered this woman's coin collection GRINNELL signals spent Monday cleaning up branches and heavy legs, filing de.
ihreueheul the neighborhood. volunteer workers. clear- bras in lruehs anal helping Red Cross workers serr desired clothing. One student
Ing elder yards, hear finding the coins and returning eprnrnenlerl afterwards. "There win a let of installed later in be done and we kernel
there. The german was inside her house when the teenage we could be very helpful. her we barely trade e eenl. These townspeopla will hm he
blow the reed off end real her ceiling having in. ieee the disaster eendiiienr her months and nipples." ‘ ‘
 
Friday. October 2|. IV“
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
fraction'livecam WUS fusion Raises $800
For Water Study
queen. H. coleman. economics, has received a $7,900 grant
(ram Resources [or the Future,
1110., to develop procedures {or
post-construction nudity of the
economic performance at pub
[to water resource investments.
Purpose oi ﬂaveman's study
is to device criteria which Wlll
pinpoint the favorites and adverse influences ol water
resources projects relative to
what would have occurred in
their absence The study will
also attempt to provide tech—
niques {or the continuous monitoring oi the economic impacts of largesscale pmgrams
of river basin and interracial
developments
The grant will cover Have
man's work on the project from
July 1, 1967, to Jan. 31, 1963,
Resources for the Future,
inn, is a Washington. D.C., private research institution sun
posted by the Ford Foundation.
coleman was associated
with the research institution
last academic year.
BRITISH
STERLING
Exclusive
Toiletries For Men
A flashing alter share ml .
cologne that lists (tom disk to
dawn , . . ayiu‘sh Sterling. From
$3.50 to $10.00.
Free Samples Available
frames jewelry
4th St broad
 
Approximately $300 was contributed by and other/iso
carried from a more than capacity crowd (it that is possible) in the North Lounge last Saturday night. The occasion was the annual World University Service auction.
Among the more increasing
items offered were the use of
an antique double bed for a
Sunday afternoon; a date with
a freshman girl, then went int
335; the moore Project; and a
chocolate Cake based by Miss
dc because (FtenCh).
WUS was initiated in 1920 in
an attempt to require the Ma
comic community designated by
the first World War. A WUS
pamphlet describes itself as “a
voluntary association at university people, students, staff and
administrators, working together for the material and intellectual advancement of the international academic Community.”
It continues to aid university
development. was depends pro<
money on the contributions of
individual students and student
groups, processors and other
sources within the university
community.
Concert by assembled
Three Grinnell College en.
samples will take part in a
special concert for Homecoming and Parents' Weekend this
Friday and Saturday at 3:30
pm. in service Chapel.
Opening the program will be
the september College String
Orchestra, conducted by penis
Ml de routers oi the music
faculty, in daniel’s “concerts
Grosso in G Major, 0p 3, No.
3i"
Twa Charles Ives competitions for Chamber Orchestra, 3
~scherzct, ”Over the movements,"
and “The Unanswered Question," will be performed by the
Ill—member colleague musical,
under the direction of David A.
Sutherland, also at the music
faculty. spanish Jean TePaske,
will join the ensemble for the
first at the two numbers, with
de Coteau conducting the
strings for the second.
each's only storage-rnotet,
“Jesu, means Freude," will be
song by [he 55-void9 College
Choir, Conducted by Don Jones
oi the music faculty. to close
the program.
Religious Activities
The Associated Jewish students hold their weekly meeting
for worship tonight ham 7 p.m.
to 8:30 in the Religious Activities Room. cleaner calls
A Friends Meeting will be
held mm 11 to l2 on Sunday
morning in the Run
The regular service in service
Chapel will be held at the same
time, “What did you do last
week, dear?” is the topic for the
person, which will involve a
dialogue between Chuck Pierce
and Chaplain Haas.
Following the service will be
a discussion not l2 to 12:45 in
the Mn
members will be held in service Chapel on Tuesday and
Thursday night at 9:45 as usual.
The Tuesday service will icaone
recorded music; Chip Kinsey
will present a reading on Thursday.
a
@r—d
GO
PIONEERSH
For College Men Only:
MR. L. COLOGNE
ST. JOHN'S
LIME COLOGNE
For College Girls Only:
DuBARRY GLISSANDO
MAKE-UP AND
SLICKER LIPSTICKS
THARP
Pharmacy
"Your Prmiplien
Pharmacy"
 
 
Good Luck
Pioneers
against
. GRINNELL NEWTON
BEAT THE BUCCANEERS!
And Buy Your alice: Ar
 
 
1, Um...ulli.,now thai we know
each other a little, I was wondering it, till, you think in the
type ol guy you could go for?
1 could go for .
real printer.
a, I know sorted during choc
openings.
I want a mall who’making it happen.
“spin-intranet.
duulsmy,
My month is sun today
and fun tomomw,
2. I have an exciting tips
collection.
I want to be where
the action in.
l. t read all about it in The
New York simon
I want to do in thing
with 'in' people
in ‘ln’ process
9. Then i guess you cum is.
Interested in ”with in.
who her caused I -
Eh that will let hlgfumrym‘
‘ve well and who, in Ad luau.
has taken out a subsruna'ul
Living insurance lucy from
available that who made
hundsomel for his emily if,
heaven in id, anything should
happen to him.
How's about showing
me that pipe
collection, swingers‘
For information about Living insurance, see The Man from E temple.
For career opportunities at available, see your Placement O our, or
Wrilel Patrick Scolliud, Manpower Development Division.
The EQulmBlE Life Assurance Society of the United plates
Home Omccl 1255 Ave at the Americas, New York. N 3" 10019 QEuullahls 1968
An Equal Opporluixilu Employer, “/5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS NORTH VIETNAMESE SOLDIER was show in ﬁle back as he was running fo escape I
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
she Americans. The bullet “more out his oils“. Here mexico oiiompt lo save him to Ihaf
he can be quesﬁcnet and kept a prisoner. They were nonuooesslul. In ills picture Io the
lower right, his taco show: His final. gained. expression oi life.
THIS WOUNDED AMERICAN was more forlunale than
Ills above Vietnamese. Ho II being happen trio 5
oem; (or evaluation by helicopter io o nearby military
hotoiiol for emergency hoohnoni. The soldier oi who ups
for left I: holding {he hold? cable {mm a helicopter that
covering above ”I. Iron.
 
t
A o
  
$3M.”
   
AMERICAN SOLDIERS load founded north vietnamese prisoners uni
helicopters \‘o be send’ to hospitals and POW comes, The Americans. me ,
bars of {he Airborne lsI january Division, encountered die NOTIII VieIns
mesa force during "Oporolton Paul several" This was one of the {its
The
The Tragedy of War . . . .
The war in Vlel Nam has
grown steadily during the past
new months and as I! does more
and more troops are being committed on both Sides. Some
will meet With the violent
death pictures here; others
will he mailed for light
These photographs should give
young people of college age
someihlllg to think about, After
being personally involved in the
horror of the diet War, EDI) HDdieme wrote, “As a political
science student I can see no relationship whatsoever between
hiking through knee deep mud
while it's raising and getting
shot at. with anything i learned
. e
about the political process. It's
good to view this and to live
this. 1 can truthfully say that 1
know man, when everything
good about him has failed. War
is man the animal at his best,
man the thunder and moral make
el- at his worst. The only gDOd
thing I can see about war is that
it gives anyone wlih any re
card for humans, any regard our
reason, any regard (or beauty,
something to be against."
Hadieme is now in Thailand
working with a freelance writer
on a story about Chinese territories trained and supported
by the us, to conduct antigtwrilla activities in Thailand.
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A MEDIC hold: his hand over the hear‘l o‘f
namely soldier. He died allow‘ly after i
fake». Hadierne companies. ”If used Io
three man”): age, "MI I could level winﬁ
when uornoono road that then. are thing.
I can'f anymore. Death in in final."
 
 
,dﬁass
major beatles fhaf Hodieme covered as a war corresponding’ will. UPI, He
said it was here Hm “I learned fhaf I wash‘f scared lo gel up. move
around, and plmlegrapl during a ﬁre lignln- Like lime pictures here.
many soldiers in Vlel Nam are college age or younger.
r In diet Nam
photographer
by
Bob Hodierne
PHOTOGRAPHS
COPYRIGHT was
BY P. ROBERT HODIERNE
     
       
          
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A CAPTURED VIET code is brougM end of the single ie a collection being be.
more being shipped la a POW camp The Viel long generally carry lmle equal.
menu or need while in l‘he field se inai they can mere. sliika and escape rapidly.
They normally live off llle land and on food given la login by friendly Scull. Viel.
namely, or on supplies {aken by level on village rates.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. ,
e dying Viel. A DEAD dial long mldier being changed elf '
pidum wan into llie jungle la be hidden AHEI his body ‘ ' " *
like about was satisfied. Hndime level of the aHHude ONE OF THE CAPTURED still. vietnamese is inlenegalad by llie Americans. college
 
 
night law. al H13 American loops reward one dead die? me. "They ml 10?: of prisoners on this operation. My being there hills a camera, l
th dying for. long, "never h: In “mm m than lo let email- feel. saved a m cf ﬁlm from being shot. Also, the valuation containing officer had oflriondt find them anti busy them defense." faced a case of beer {or every live POW."
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, October 2|. I?“
 
arrow Relates Third Year Abroad Experiences
Paris Center of Political Activity;
Anti-Americanism Considered
By MIKE ARNOW
Rather than relate all the ex-
sciences of a year in France.
would like to write about two
objects containing to this year
which are probably of particular interest to Grinnellians:
political lite in Paris, and so«
(failed French “Anti-Amerioanism”.
Political Activity
Paris. and especially the
student quarter. is n gnldmine
.8 political activity. one of
my ﬁrss eirperlences in student political lite was an
evening session sponsored by
the Young Communist Party,
where several North vietnamese “parts showed films
on recent economic developments in North view Nam,
and then led n discussion, indiscriminately calling everyone “compare." Several
weeks later, French students
matching and changing to
protest the war in diet Nam
(“H.S. go horn ' etc).
played a fascinating game at
cat-aud-mouse with the police,
through two miles or rush
hour trueﬂe.
But political activity in Paris, is not restricted to one point
or view. rights between the
young communist students and
members of "l’accident" (a
right-wing student group dedicated to the defense of “Western Civilization and Christianity”) are known to occur. Once
I attended a dinnerdiscussinn
on diet Nam, and was somewhat surprised to ﬁnd that the
chief speaker and all the Vietnamese present were stretch
allocated or us. military intervention in diet Nam.
Nor is political activity in paris restricted by age. Last win«
car, there was a meeting of the
French Leit (a rather loose
term which included —— at that
meeting — supporters oi the
French societies and communist
parties) to protest the kidnapping oi Mehdi Ben Berka,
Moroccan revolutionary who
had been affected from the
middle of Paris, in broad daylight, last November. l-high ot<
ficiais in the De Gaulie government had been implicated in
the “affair", and the chief
speaker of the evening, M.
branches filtering (who had
opposed De Gaulle in the
December election). used
the occasion to deliver a dial
tribe against the government.
The most interesting respect or this meeting win
that it invited a relatively
small proportion or students.
and a large number at
adults, especially those in the
the middle - age category.
These were the people who
identiﬁed tlielnsdlves win:
the traditional French keith
the years or causes: the legacy or L‘non him and the
popular treat or the 1930's.
Encounter
In addition to meetings of a
strictly harrison nature, there
are a host of meetings or a
more general character; “The
marine in indi " with
U N r: s c 0 speaker or,
discussions on economic development with people in aid
programs in the French
government. But perhaps the
most stimulating political encounter I had was a discussion
with an Algerian sociology student during a GOO-mile car
He had been active in various
youth projects in Algeria, had
left when Ben cells was OVSF
thrown, and was so critical of
the convenience regime that
his presence in Algeria would
been considered subjective. He
 
A Homecoming Welcome
We invite You
To Come In And
See The Latest
Fall Styles
ﬂcats and Bar boats
Plain or Fur Trim
Dresses
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Smart Sportswear
Skirts-tracks-theaters
Mix and Match
Lingerie
posters
notes
ALL NAME BRAND
MDSE.
iii'llii..
From
HAMMAN'S
APPAREL
FASHIONS FOR YOU
 
was very articulate. and his
experiences in youth work in
Algeria were enlightening as to
the social progress being made
in a developing country.
in the past few years, we
have heard a great deal about
French ”anti - Americanism".
Ever - conscious of our world
image, we take this perhaps too
seriously. Certainly, there is
some authority toward Amelia
fans, but it should be understood and not exaggerated.
When such authority does in
fact exist. it is not always visible to identify the cause. Sometimes an unpleasant personal
experience with an sherman
may lead to authority. At oth<
ei- times, it may develop as the
result of rumors or stories about
Americans. Sometimes untriendly feelings toward Americans may just be part or a finally which the French have felt
periodically with the AngloSaxons.
Chauvinism?
But very open, there is an
element or national pride involved. it is not surprising
that the French, who, a century and a hall ago regarded
their country as the political
and cultural capital or the
world, should be obvious of,
or uniriemlly toward, the
giant or the western atmosphere. In fact, the chauvinism which one sometimes
sees in the French attitude
toward their own culture and
civilization may, to a large
degree, he more contractors
than real. its n French pro<
reason or political science put
it humorously, “You Americans are politicians and periodically our s u p e r l n r.
Therefore, culturally, we are
your superior” (or, “we must
think that we are, to maintain
self-esteem").
But “anti - Americanism" is
not so company as many would
believe. In fact, a few listing:
tions might help to clarity this
notion. First oi all, many
people tend to estate "anti Americanism" with the French
desire for an independent
foreign policy. Certainly, differences or opinion in politics,
ii extreme enough, can lead to
authority, and Vice verse.
That De Gaulle find: frequent
exception to American foreign
policy ls less indicating or are—
density than it is or a desire
to think and act independently
of the United States, and at an
honest difference oi opinion
, lOWA
CLEANERS
120 5TH AVE.
GRlNNELL
about the present world point
Cal situation, That De Gaulle
and some Frenchmen see
themselves as the builders iii
a new Europe is not so symptir
magic of their wish to private
France to a position of strength
and practice in the world
arena.
Second, a distinction should
be made between what the
French {tel (or what De
Gaulle feels, which may not
always be the same thing)
in the realm of international
politics, and how Frenchmen
feel personally toward Americans. 1 spoke with a number
of French people who.
regardless or their political
ideas, were quite open-linked in their personal relatiowith Americans.
A third distinction which must.
he made is that between “anti
Americanlsm” and the nature or
the French people. The French
are, in general, quite reserved
and still toward strengths, not
only foreigners, but other
Frenchmen as well. in fact,
Frenchmen would be the last:
people in the world to deny
their sometimes chilly nature.
American Sensitivity
We Americans are very sort‘
active to such reserve for we
strike up tricndships easily;
sometimes tend to think of the
rest at the world as either for
or against us; and think this
directory Will manilest itself
even in personal relationships.
Thus, the attitude of a French
man who is francis independent
toward us personally can be
disconcerting.
Several other qualifications should he made, For
example, one source or the
“anti - Americanism" id e.
is the American tourist
who spears little French Ind
has but supervision contact
with French people. And. it
distinction must be made between France and parish
Paris is the social, cultural
and political hub or france,
but the forty million Frenchmen who live outside tin
Paris area can not he lg.
noted. What would we think
at the Frenchman who spent
n month In New York. and on
the basis of “conversations"
with his hotel deeper, the
clerk; in Macy’s, and ii student in Greenwich village.
went home telling lib friend!
that the Americans are urtiFrench!
With all this said, i would
like to report (at myself) with
several items or personal convenience. in the course of courtesy months, i lived in two
French homes and met a number or French young people. I
was not aware of any authority toward me because or my
personality; i had a Close and
warm relationship with both
families with whom i stayed;
and 1 consider my relations
Ships with the French students
I knew to be very friendly and
regarding.
 
MES FWWEh§
_ 1012 Broad_
ali. Z36-3l97
 
Pride Oulob r II I905 ICARLET AND BLACK win!
Arena Sees American Premier
By MARY MALCOLM
"In Search of Happiness,” a
' contemporary play by the bus
sign, victor Rozov, opened to
its first American audience last
night in the Arena Theater.
( The performance marks Max
Heligott’s first direction of u
play at Grinnell. Friday and
' Saturday a v e n i n g performs
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MAx HELFGOTT inslruch
his actors during a rehearsol at ”In search at Happiness."
angel, at 7:30 and 9:15 both
nights, are open to the public,
but tickets must be obtained at
the Alumni Offices in advance,
due to the limited size of the
Arena Theater.
Although written in the typical realistic mode of the contemporary Russian th e ate r.
which necessarily reflects certain Socialistic tennis, “In
Search oi Happiness" contains
“a certain universal depth and
happiness to the characters,”
according to director Heligott.
Except for references to the
Communist Youth Organization,
which could make an easy transition to a Western counterpart
like the Boy Scouts, the play in
fact has very little to content
it to its location, and still less
that can be construct as pmpa<
hands.
In his introduction, the play-
wright expressed his intention®
as “to sound an alarm, to wars
people against cash steps in
like, for when all is said and
done we all want happiness in
While Devil Coffee
calcium Nelson, Department
of English, Will Chair a coffee
hour discussion of The White
Devil at 4 P.M., October 25, in
the South Lounge of the Forum.
The While Devil is a drama
about a sixteenth century law
case involving a series of complex borders. it will be presented on a modern stage in
modern dress. Performance is
scheduled for 4 PM. and 9:30,
October 29, in Roberts Theater.
Mr. Nelson expressed belief
that a discussion in advance
might enhance a student’s appreciation oi the play. The un-
, outstanding motivation or some
of the characters is especially
important in the understanding
of the play, he said.
life. it is our heritage.” in an
attempt to dramatize the distinction between pleasure and
happiness, Ruzov presents a
range of characters whose at-
" ”’i
The main conﬂict of the play,
at the end or the first act, is
dramatized by a rather violent
quarter between Helen. observed with a love of furniture,
HELFGOTT looks on while santa Havenesslan and Tom
Murray research a scene.
futures represent varying degrees oi understanding oi happiness.
Considering that the play in—
produces a cast of 14 in its hour
and a half span, the characters are remarkable clear and
interesting. Heligm has anglicizetl some of the names to cut
down on the confusion in identifying so many characters in
so short a time.
As a include to the play, a
panel discussion on the Russian
theater took place Tuesday afternoon in South Lounge. Some
concern was expressed then
about audience reaction to the @
alien vocabulary that crops up
occasionally in the script. Since
the play is not instant political
propaganda but a serious
drama at human values, it is
important that the audience not
be put out by such phrases as
“When communist is established . ” Richard D. Meyer,
director of the Grinnell Theater, restricted his confidence in
the authentication of the Grin—
well audience.
The play centers around a
family in Moscow, consisting of
three sons and a daughters The
oldest son, Theodore (Frederick
Schwaller) and his Wife Helen
(Deborah Abbott) are living
temporarily with the family until they find their‘ own “Hat."
and the adolescent son Victor
(Dick perth), who writes poetry
and loves fish. At the end of
the second act Helen and Theodore move away [rpm the family Theodore. once a profit—
log young scientist, has been
corrected by his Wife's refinance and materialism. The
play is not very good literature
or theater and sends heavily to—
ward the continental. How
ever, it is interesting as an ex- ‘
apple of modern Russian
drama, and Heligott’s presents»
tion looked Very promising in
rehearsal.
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—at 722V: Main,
Grinnell
 
 
PARENTS, ALUMS
Lei’s give your car ct thorough
check before that trip home.
GOLLliM’S
H‘
STANDARD
STATION
 
WELCOME ALUMS AND PARENTS
Good Luck.
PIONEERS
THE not PASTRY SHOP”
News
Briefs
Law Test
The Law School Admission
Test, required of candidates for
admission to most American
Law Schools, will be given on
November 12. 1966, February ll,
1967. April 8, 1967, and August
5. 1967.
A Bulletin of information including sample questions and
registration information, and a
registration form should be obtained six weeks in advance of
a testing dale.
forms and fees must reach ETS
two weeks before the desired
test administration date.
Registration terms may be ob«
joined locally at Placement
Office.
Civil Service Exam
In a bureaucratically phrases
and relatively unintelligible
news release, the Us. Civil
Service Commission this week
announced the dates the nation
wide competitive Office and
Scientist Assistant examination
will be given.
The examination is required
for many or the temporary jobs
in Federal departments and
agencies that will be available
for the summer of 1967. The test
will be ellen on Nov. 20, Jan.
7 and Feb. 4. Those wishing to
take the test on the Novembe'
date should file applications by,
October 21.
More Exams
The National Teacher Exam:
stations may be taken on any
one of [our dates, by those col)
legs seniors preparing to teach
school. The dates are: January,
7, March 18, July 1, and october 7, 1967.
Results oi the National
Teacher Examinations are use
by many large school districts
as one of several factors in the
selection of new teachers an
by several states for certification or licensing of teachers,
Registration®—-
The
Coffee House
Offers
food, music
free space
Hours:
Sunday-Friday
9:00-l lizo pm.
Saturday
‘7100-all50 pm.
 
 
WELCOME PARENTS
CANDY LANE SUNDAE
Only In Grinnell
And Only Al birmingham’s
AQUA NET
HAIR SPRAY
64‘
NEW
SCOPE
MOUTHWASH
59: Size 38‘
59c
CREST
DIAL 236'3l5l
DRUG
827 '4TH AVE
GRINNELL’S BUSIEST DRUG STORE
 
map Ton
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, October 2i. I?“
 
) Tornado
(Continued brain Plan 1)
The National Guard directed
volunteers in the major outdoor
clean-up operations “The Natinllal Guard seemed awfully
Inefficient,” said one Grinnell
V a l u n t 2 e r, pic MacDowell.
“There were an awlully lot ct
performed people around and
they should have assigned
one to each volunteer groups
Instead they dropped or on and
left us. We were given some<
thing to do which listed only
In hour and n half and then we
had to walk around and ask
people it they needed help.
“The orders were value about
what you could pick up. You
coupon't move thing: in or
around houses because the insurance accessory hadn't been
there yet. so some volunteers
were moving heavy things just
from one file to another — this
clearing up task should have
been done efficiently by s tray<
tar."
Some students ended up helping people at their houses. A
low Grinnell girls helped an old
woman storage antiques that
she had been saving for years.
"Many at her things were
started; it was very sad," was
the comment oi une who helped
"Tn: Audio cum convention
on the ml I: unduuoad
only ll very-I com- [or a plain
and simple red-t position, cum.
hilton and holds-rl fbi-st 1ton stylish's lovunmanf not
Juan 1’! ll minus'ly but been
It is I'M". u llc phone
agreement gnu no «until-ill:latarlllip, Ind rm- at the "ml
ﬁrm black. Goldbl!‘ and "III“!
would mom-e
it quick" than
you s ny
‘unuru.’
sun-«t gnu .1 Na.
"DNA! REV visit.
i. D-str car-3. In E.
as to, N. v. u, N. Y.
here
Generally though, the townspeople seemed to have tr very
optimistic attitude about the
clean-up task. “We’re a closeknit [Own and we're taking it
in our strike," one woman told
a student as she searched for
snlvagable recordings in the
remains other homes
‘We‘ru corporate there women't
more warranties because it all
happened so suddenly there
wash’t any time to seek shelter," the woman added. The
storm gave no warning whatsoever and many were caught
trying to hold their doors
closed, not receiving that they
were in the first of a tomato,
Although an initially large
number of home and business
owners were insured, It was
pointed out that “your insurance is never enough for a
catastrophe like this." beside
watson, from Grinnell, said
about the townspeople's future,
"You would get awlully de<
pressed to brave to stay there
now. it was a novelty to be
down there for one day, but we
could turn around and leave.
Still this was a good reports—
city for Gn‘shell students. his
always talk about being committed but we never do anything about it."
News
Debate Victory
Cindy pages and Davb
Schreck were among the five
teams interested at the persons College debate tournament, Saturday, October 15.
Thirty-eight teams from Iowa
and Missouri computed.
Grinnell's other team, Jon
Travgoit and Larry Fellerman,
won one and lost two rounds.
Thu current debate topic is
“Resolved: That the United
States should substantially reduce its foreign policy commons
meets."
The debate team and several
individuals will compete in n
tournament in Omaha, Nebraska at the University at Omaha
next weekend They will leave
Grinnell Thursday, October 27,
and return Saturday, October
29, .
Gale consists
Grant 0. Gale. physics.
served as a consultant in physics and chemistry at a recent
books - Dallas . Guthrie County
Teachers institute held in Pen
ry,
WAYHE’S STEAKHOUSE
"the Ru"
restaurant ~coastal| lounge
speaks
Next to flu Theater
Briefs
Conference on
Coffee House
“The Catacombs." the called
house at Iowa State University
has announced a conference on
the Coffee House and the Coffee
House movement. October 28,
29 and 30. in Ames, Iowa,
The conference, to begin with
registration at 6 o'clock Friday
night, October 23, will cost a
total at 57.00 for lodging, food
and program costs.
The program will consist of
an exploration or the purpose,
function, and operation or the
coffee house. A program of talent by those participants in the
conference, will highlight the
events of the weekend,
Anyone interested in attending the convention can get further information by contacting
Jeanne Cook.
Chem Faculty
To Conference
All ﬁve members of the chemistry {equity A Joseph D, DanIorth, Luther Er ericsson. william A. Net/ill, William Cl 001he, and Jack S. johnson — attended a meeting of the Mid-
western Association ct Chemiy
try Teachers in Liberal Arts
Colleges held at Luther College,
deborah, Oct. 1415,
Nevill led a discussion on
science courses {or non-science
motors, and ericsson was
elected to a twtryear term as
Iowa representative to use association's G e n e r ul council.
belle continues as editor of
the MACTLAC Physical ChemIstry Laboratory Manual which
will be published in the spring.
New Cowles Dinner
To facilitate the feeding DI 1h.
passes in Cowles, a North
campus committee and Saga
directors have revised procedure for the early dinner.
Beginning Monday, October 24, the doors to Cowles
dining room will open at 5:20
and will remain so until 5:30
when serving will begin Stu-
(tests may enter any time during the ten minute period
and clearing of plates will
start as soon I: each table
finished.
service to brake
Richard service, art, will
represent The American Society
for Aesthetics october 28 at the
illustration of the president of
brake University.
tobago - doc for girls
machine bubble longer
Cordovan Penny Loafer
ARNOLD'S SHOES
 
DISCOUNT CENTER
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
, EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Grinnetl, Iowa
STORE
HOURS:
7 mm, to 7 pm. Friday
9 mm. to 8 p.m. Mon.. Tues,
West.l Thur!" Sat.
9
SCOPE
MOUTH WASH
33¢
NESTLE
NATURAL SET
39¢
LADIES’ RUBBER FOOTWEAR
s3.77
INSULATED TROOPER GAPS
$1.97
MENNEN
SKIN BRACER
79: Value 46¢
MELROSE
HIDDEN MAGIG
HAIR SPRAY
$1.25 main 75¢
HIDDEN MAGIG
HAND LOTION HAIR SPRAY
6‘]: Value 9¢ I 51.40 Ilaliiu 70¢
SPECIAL SALE
ONE POUND CHOCOLATE CANDY
chair chocolate Stun
Shulr Chocolate Covered-Peanut]
strain chocolate grid'e Milt
44: a Package
GIBSON FILLER PAPER
300 SHEETS 47¢
PEPSODENT
FAMILY SIZE TOOTHPASTE
95: Value 64¢
RIGHT GIIARD
DEODORANT
77: Value 40¢
MODESS
4D PADS
sI.'l7
BRAS
It switched or handed
58¢
 
Friday. October 2i. I766
ICARLET AND BLACK
German Professor Discusses Europe's Future
Last Thursday evening in R0beats, Dr. Kartkristoph Schweitzer o! Berlin’s Free University
spoke on “Germany, DeGaulle,
and europe" He viewed West
Germany as a country promoting wider European integration
and De Gaulle as a 19th century
trackback blocking such efforts.
He also altered his own thesis
for understanding German history of the last seventh years.
These years, he said, have
seen constant neurotic shirts in
German thought from a view
of national supervision to one
or national incorporate. Alter
1948, he said, Germany was sterling down to a medium position,
but De Gaulle’s nationalism has
calculated an recipient German
nationalism.
Dr. Schweitzer said that German policy makers, unlike many
foreign policy makers today.
have three general goals. First,
Germany wants to work for an
integrated Europe, a European
community. He cited Article 2A
of the Federal Republic’s constitution which authorized the government to suspended national
governments to a greater European community. This goal has
been supported by the "greater
majority" or germany. Second,
West Germany wants roundﬁca-
[ion of Germany. Third, West
Germany wants peace and has
announced war as a means of
diplomacy. Despite international clothes about peace, Dr.
Schweitzer said. “This goal is
taken very seriously in Germany and in Europe.” All parties in W. Germany support
these goals and believe none
should be carried out at the
expense of the other.
De Gaulle Out of Tune
“De Gaulle," Schweitzer said,
is "out of tune with the majority
of his countrymen, president
over a similar democracy, he has
restored order to French politics
~and for this We should be
grateful — hot the question is
who next. in foreign policy generally he is intellectually generated. There are more inconsis-
nursery published
A paper which kyle E. russell, mathematics, presented before the Iowa Academy of Science at Peila on April 15. has
been accepted for publication
in Mathematics Magazine. it is
entitled “uniform approximately of Real Continuous Functions on the Real Line of In-
ﬁlikely Dillerentiable F u n unions.”
teaches here than many see. He
Is influenced by the love of the
spectacular." Schweitzer cited
French policy in SE Asia as one
example of inconsistency. There
the French represent a colonial
power yet are literally masturbating antircolonial feeling.
Schweitzer believes De Gaulle
has closed the impacts for
European integration but can.
not stop it. De Gaulle’s goal of
a Europe for itself has negative
effects on Nato and to Schweitzer is inconsistent. De Gaulle
will not give up Nato but gives
up an integration in the alliance which is its basis. “In his
heart," Schweitzer shipped, “De
Gaulle must know he's wrong.
His is a practice policy that is
nonsense automatically.“
In the long mm, it is disasterous. We should work to keep up
a triangular relationship between Washington, Paris, and
Bonn and look forward to a post
De Gaulle era. The concept of
an Atlantic partnership is still
a healthy one."
respondent Over view Nam
in further conversations with
the 58:13, Schweitzer said there
was “great respondent" in her
many about the view Nam War.
It is viewed as a “tragedy." an
unnecessary affair which the
majority or germany accept but
do not support with any enthusiasm and do not want to see
estimated, There is a small minority in the German universities that believes the US.
should get out. Ultimately, he
said, we should seek a solution
67,# 7
Air conditional
SERVING I4 KINDS OF
PIZZA
Hours
Mon. time Set. —
4 pm. to i a.
Son. -— 4 pin. to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
:12.
Coffee
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Salad
PHONE 236-5331
927 Broad -— Grinnell
 
 
to the basic problem, China,
through the U. N.
With regard to German politics, Schweitzer said, “l’ll bet
you ten bottles of champagne
that Erhard is out by ‘69." Germany is facing an economic
crisis of intense productions
that Will politicians help the
Democratic Socialists. The
question for the latter, he said,
is whether billy brands can
continue to lead the Socialists
and assume Erhard's position,
The crisis involves partly an
economic overcommitment to
foreign countries and temporarily happen German interest in
European integration, Right
now, it a vote of Confidence
similar to the procedure in the
House or Commons were taken
@-
LII the Parliament. Schweitzer
believes Erhard would lose.
But, he said, the German parliament has what he called a
unique positive vote of confidence.” Under this procedure
no leader can be removed without another one to replace him.
Right now there is no one or
succeed Erhard.
On other matters, Schweitﬂer
said recipient German nationalism is not the result (if US.
interests in Europe. The United
States is still quite popular in
West Germany and its forces
are seen as necessary, despite
the internal divisions Within
the Eastern European communist blog. Although he said we
should promote these divisions
within Eastern Europe, we
must not deluxe ourselves about
the potential threat that Soviet
aug-Ii to
power utilihaa. It: in mood, in
said, that East-West lteretr
types have been increasingly
discussed, but he kills who
other extreme of introducing inn
recent notices to the Soviet
Union. The German army. he
said, is a defensive one and
necessary but is viewed family
in Germany itself. Germany
does not want nuclear weapons
but feels it has the right to
have more decision — making
power on their use in Germany.
Soccer With brake
Grinnell will host brake in a
soccer game tomorrow at 11:30,
For this contest the new soccer
field near the baseball diamond
will be realized.
Grinnell took a 4-1 loss to
brake last week in Des points.
 
IIIE ~IOIﬂIIIBSS
III serial-ages
BEAT BELOIT (But you can't beat counter‘s)
Put together the looks you like
with itippy pieces or fashion.
individually important, each series fresh approval on its own,
adds up to line news when passed
with its coordinates from our
colorado and complete collection.
CONVERSE
Gitueit Taylor
Model
All Sizes
At School Prices
HAIIRV’S SPORTS Siiiii’
Poyni‘er's 4th Ave. sessions
Grinneil's Complete 51er Shop For Women
"SOMETHlNG NEW EVERY DAY“
 
.:‘.Ii itii'. -i.llliililltHtllilililiml’lllltllllil.hills.lKilllllt.|l!lllillllili." ..ll'll::i'l’l:i i.l.l:\li ill; fully-l ‘ii.li il-ll
 
Page Twelve
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. October 2|, “766
 
users Face
Bucs naturally
The Pioneer cross country team will come home Sat-
today to face the Beloit B
will be four miles and will
Last Saturday the Pioneer
printer fought the elements,
loss of two winners. at very hills
course, and the plymouth
team. It could not beat them
all and well —— 714-32.
Missing from the team for the
meet were number 1 and 5
man, John charge and Steve
Montgomery, with injuries.
Leading the team in the meet
was Doug gray who was barely noted out for ﬁrss and finished second. piece paintball
finished third, Spencer Clark
S|th, and newcomer Jim Grant
teeth, and Dave Newman elements.
Coach key ooernililor was
not dispatched with the performance considering the air-
engineers at “Mill The meet
begin and end at Ward Field.
substances of the meet. The
cold and camp weather was the
same for both teams but the
Pioneers had a tough time negotiation the hills of the course,
giving plymouth an advantage
right away.
With charge and Montgomery
gone, Obermiller estimated that
the Pioneers lost ten points
that would have given them a
win.
The coach, though, is still not
satisfied with the performances
oi his squad. He links his
team has good possibilities to
give Carleton a tough run for
the Conference championship
but the team has yet to come
up to that potential.
In the Beioit meet they will
bristol‘s Ready fairfield Shakodp
Weeks HB, Leads
Running Attack
The Pioneer football team. of!
to one oi its protest starts in
many years, will be showing
the homecoming audience some
changes tomorrow. Coach add
powers. who is especially concerned about the liability or the
Pioneers' offense, has been ex-
not have much chance to meet
tough competition. Beloit has
usually only run four men iii
their meets, and of them only
one is considered gnnd enough
to challenge the top Pioneer
winners.
Five needs Named
In Queen contest
Five needs have been named
as Homecoming queen candidates by the Men’s Honor 0
 
WELCOME ALUMS
For ilie yes’r
Jewelry
1
& Gif’rs
H
JOSEPH'S
Grinnell
alt-4th Avo.
 
BE A WINNER
leaf
Beloil'
BUY AT
PPESTCN’S
MARTIN Man ‘ CHURCH
wvarsity letterwinneis’ club.
They are: Nancy Beardslee,
Julie Johnson, Kristi Kennabohm, Cynthia Root, and Ruthena Sternberg. '
The queen will be selected by
vote of all college men and will
be announced and created during maritime categories at the
football game tomorrow. She
will align over the remainder of
the Homecoming - Parents'
Weekend activities, including
the Homecoming dance.
Carrells As gned
Starting this semester shipments registered for 4-hours in
391 or 497 independent projects
will. upon request, be assigned
carriers in nursing Library for
their specific use. At these Carrells students may keep books,
signed out for the term, relevant to the study they are engaged in.
other students may use the
cartoons when the assigned is
not there but must relinquish
it to him upon request.
Students so registered have
been interview of this option,
and may have a carroll as
signed to them by involving
Mr. older of their request.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in 0111' Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Ca see and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3779
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Closed Thurl. PM.
and Sat. P.M.
 
 
residential with new players
in the fairfield, trying to get
more left into the running
game.
The Beloit Buccaneers will
come to Ward Field also in the
first or a sleep. after heating
Knox 426 and joe 36-14, the
Bucs have lost their last two
ball games 2149 In Carleton
and last week 36-0 to St. Olaf.
Beloit has one of the most
exclusive sciences in the league.
Relying mainly on a powerful
air attack, they can score anytime. A majority of the offense
is due to the passing combination of Rick Stutz and George
Lindenberg. Lindenberg is considered to be one of the best
ends in the league and Stutz
was instrumental in the defeat
the Bucs gave the Pioneers last
year at Beloit.
The running attack though is
below average and must teams
that have been able to contain
the passing attack have been
able to stop Beloit. This is what
happened at St. Olaf last week
when Beloit was able to complete only 14 of 39 passes.
This week Coach powers has
to build up the size of his backiicld, Against plymouth the
Pioneers were not able to score
a Couple of times when they
got close to the goal because
they were too small to move
out the scott.
plymouth was able to score
a fluid touchdown when 2 plymouth player temporarily tue.
blvd a hunt but picked it up
and caught all the Pioneer de.
lenders running the wrong direction and went all the way
{or a score. Their other touchdown came after they had
blocked a Pioneer hunt on the
15 yard line. The Pioneers also
scored twice, once on a pass to
Mike Schwartz, but were bi:find in the fourth quarter 34-13
after missing a 2»point center—
sign. Twice the Pioneers drove
deep into plymouth territory
but were started and had to try
field goals. The first one was
wide and the second was short.
Coach powers has decided [u
shift hardrrunnillg Rich Weeks
from quarterback to halfback.
Weeks picked up 110 yards running last week and is expected
to be just as tough at halfback.
Moving in to the quarterback
slot will be either Tom Lower
Dr Kent Thomson. mounting out
the backﬁend will be Don grant—
six at the other halfback and
Jon russell at feedback. With
this fairfield powers expects
to be able to grand out more
garbage on the ground, especially up the middle where the
small Pioneer lincoln have
been having trouble moving out
their opponents.
powers is not planning to
make any great changes in the
line. At center Don value may
replace Bob seller, Ken christine may be called on to play
some offense in addition to his
defensive duties, and Mike
Schwartz may be given more
work at offensive end. Aside
from this the line will stay impact.
The Pioneer defense has been
steadily improving and powers
is quite pleased with it. But
Beloit's defense is also tough
and, aside from last week, has
been very impressive.
Both Beloit’s offense and die
sense are third in the league
while the Pioneer offense is
sixth and the defense fifth.
 
If we do something that displeases you, TELL its. WE are al-
ways glad to hear construction
criticism. Of course we may chase
you out with a further knife .
"AH not--
nirvana’s Pizza
Free Delivery
ADDRESS HERE:
236-5221
 
