powell Names New Dean oi Women
 
. i
Grlnnell College
coal/ex,
BI.
Oldest College Newspaper Wesi of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXlil
Grinnell, iowa, Friday, March li, |9bb'
No. 22
 
Ten Seniors Rate Wilson Fellow [lips
Ten Gl‘inneil seniors have been
designated Woodrow Wilson Scholars for 196667 and inur others have
received renewable mention.
The 10 Grinnell winners are
Karen L. robinson majority in
English, James R. Bruce majority in French, Richard D, DeBacher matching in English, Richard C.
Edwards majority in economics,
James R. Holbrook majority in
philosophy, Peter A. coleman majority in chemistry, Richard C.
fraud majority in political science.
R. Dennis Murphy majority in economics, Mark A. Schnrr majority in English, and Bnlce L. Travis
majority in history.
The tour renewable sections went
to Cherie Ann joined majority in
classical languages, Marion P.
hayes majority in psychology,
Bruce A. McConachie majority in
EDITORS. BUSINESSMEN
The Board of Publications is
now accepting letters of application for the positions of cycling
editor and business manager.
Grinnell Review editor and business manager and 5&3 business
manager. The letters should be
turned in to reverse turkey
(biology), chairman of the
Board, no later than April 15,
 
Faculty approved Proposals:
Ad doc Committee Formed
At Monday’s faculty meeting,
the Executive Council's recorded
nations to the ad how committee
on the North Campus problem were
approved. According to faculty
members present one feature oi
the proposals is to have students
on North Campus paid to efforts
rules,
These recommendations are not
final, however. They go to an ad
too committee which will discuss
them and then make ﬁnfl recommendations to President suggest.
suggest said yesterday that he will
approve Steve Kent, Bob quote,
Karen Lauterbach, Henry~York
cleaner (English), Luther ericsson
(chemistry) and R. women Norton
(history) as members of the committee. The committee will be
changed by Richard centers, associate dean of the College.
The Council's suggestions have
not been released normally to the
student body. The faculty and administration members involved are
willing to release the material but
the student members want to wait
until after spring vacation so that
they can go from hall to ball to
explain the faculty’s proposals.
”As a whole," said one faculty
member, “the proposals were not
radical." Another facility member
told the 5&3 that the recommendations are “relatively mild” but
that they “involve change and
when you're reactionary any
change looks radical.”
FORUM HOURS
Mrs, Jewel l-hawk, director of
the Forum, has announced that
the Forum will close tomorrow
at 3 pm for Spring vacation
The grill Closes tomorrow at 2
pm
The Forum will reopen Stinday, March 27 at 4 p.1n. The
grill will open that same day at
5 pm
 
President suggest said yesterday
that he was planning a corporation for lifetime soon after spring
vacation, perhaps the ﬁrss week in
April. He Said that he and the new
student government officials would
take part in the corporation and
that the North Campus problem
would be one of the topics discussed.
Focuiiy alerts Wall
The faculty announced yesterday that they have elected Joseph
Wall (history) to a two year term
as chairman of the faculty. He
proceeds canyon Knopf (economics) in that position. Wall takes
over that post in September.
 
history, and Richard S, Reichman
majority in history.
The official announcement of the
Scholars was made Tuesday by the
Woodrow Wilson National Fellow
ship Foundation.
The Wilson Fellowship provides
for one academic year of graduate
education for potential college
teachers, provides a living student
of $2,000 and an allowance for dependent children.
Candidates for the Fellowships
are nominated by processors. These
candidates are screened by panels
in 15 regions around the nation.
one-third of the candidates pass
through the screening and are interpreted. From that group about
one-half receive Fellowships.
In the Midwest Conference, Care
lemon had the most Wilson Fellow»
ships with 12. Grinnell was next
with 10. Lawrence had four St. Olaf
three and C09, Cornell, and Monmonth had one each.
 
Mrs. Alice low Will Assume Posi
Filled by lean Slocum Since '63
A mother of live and current dean
of women at a college in Wash—
ington state is Grinnell’s new dean
or women, according to an an<
tournament by President Glenn
suggest.
Mrs. Alice At Low will assume
the new position of dean of women August 1. She proceeds Miss
Jean M. Slocum, who recently re—
signed after serving as dean of
Women Since 1963.
Mrs. Low, who is currently dean
or women at Central Washington
State College, Ellensberg, Wash—
ington, received her undergraduate education at Eastern Washing
ton State College and her master's
at Central Washington State College. Her major fields were grid-
once and counseling and health.
and physical education.
President suggest said that the
faculty, administration and students Who had talked with .Mrs.
Low when she was on campus
week before last had a “anonymous positive reaction to her"
He went on to say that she has
a “special gift in working with
Students in the residence hall complex. That's her particular talent"
Richard centers, associate dean
of the college, said that “Mrs. Low
is coming here because of her
strong desire to work with students
in a college setting that has strong
appeal for her."
 
When Mrs, Low visited the campus she spoke with the AWS Board;
Karen Lauterbach, AWS Board
president-elect; and Pam Clay,
chief magistrate of the women's
courts
Chris Peterson, relating AWS
Board president, Said she was
“ try, very impressed” with Mrs.
Low, that “she's really dynamic,"
and that “we’re all very excited
about the prospect of her comingi"
After serving as instructor in
health and physical education at
Wenatchee Valley College in Washington from 1953 to 1956, she became dean of students, a post she
held until l96tl, when she became .
dean of women at Central Wash
ington State College. '
Central Washington has an enrollment of about 3,800 students, including 1,300 resident women std<
cents. . _ ,
"Mrs. Low’s children include a so'o
who is a school teacher, a sun in
graduate school at Stanford University, a daughter who extends
Central Washington State College.
another daughter attending the
University of Washington, and a
son in high schools Mrs, Low in
a width. Her husband died in 1957.
In 1964 she was chairman of the
Washington State means’ ConferenCe and is currently treasurer of
that organization.
 
forward Delivers Senate firewall;
depends Position 0n ‘Status duo'
By ALAN AXELROD
This year's Senate announced
for the last time Wednesday night
after listening to the scan song
of relating SGA President Jerry
forward,
forward began by calling attention to the record of SGA under
his leadership “Critics of student
government this year have shorter
from on high that this has been
a status que government, and they
have been absolutely right. It has
been, and by design. At the first
Senate meeting in September I
made a statement to the student
Senate explaining how this Executive Cabinet regarded its responsibilities to the students and the
college, and What this Senate
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE RIVERSIDE CHAMBER SINGERS will present a requesting approach to ensemble sing—
ing in a program of Renaissance and contemporary music tonight in Robert: Theater'ai a
pm. The New York secret has won national praise for well - balanced. instantly polished
style and varied reperioire. See story on page Z.
 
could expect from us in the
months ahead.”
He then cited messages from his
September speech in an attempt
to corporate his goals and achievements, "1 said in September that
our central concern was this:
‘that student agreement on this
campus be conducted in a style
that reflects majority and good
sense. What this means is that in
the coming months you will proc-
able not hear a lot about what
See Editorial Page 2
SGA is up to this time, or read
banner headlines in the son about
the latest SGA crisis.‘ "
He explained that he asked the
Senate “to keep a realistic perspective on the possible, taking into their consideration the parents,
the alumni, the trustees, the fax<
ulty, and the studentseall who do«
fine the limits on the kinds of
common DECRIES LOSS—
(Continued on Page a)
ADDRESS HERE:
991510 SHOWERS Dllqnd
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. March ll, I966
 
Editorial
_.forward's Promises
‘ Wednesday night Jerry forward delivered the
traditional president’s firewall address to the Senate
Klee age 1) and his speech bears examination for it
moves r forward’s failure as an SGA president.
' forward pointed with pride to promises he made
In September. He promised maintenance of the status
que, promised students would not “hear a lot of discussion about what SGA is up to this time," promised no
search for “sleeping reforms,” and promised “rely—
tlvo calm" forward kept these promises,
' forward maintained the status que. However, the
Item: que, in his own words, locked “dynamics” and
I "willingness to move ahead with more liberal programs. . .” forward complaints bitterly in his speech
that in» the days of Dr. women the campus made tremendous progress “toward the ideal of a truly liberal
arts college" and that that “aspect of Grinnell College
. . . has been at least forgotten, if not lost entirely."
The reason progress has stopped is people like
forward who lack the ability and resolve to remain
louis lost “dynamics" and ”willingness to move ahead
with more liberal programs. . .” The reason progress
has stopped is SGA treatments like forward who are
proud of maintaining the status que but who at the
same time attack it. forward’s speech is filled with reference: to what is wrong with the status que.
forward promised that there would not he a “lot
of discussion about what SGA is up to this time.” forward did not seek discussion or, for that matter, participation. As all the SGA candidates this spring said,
forward’s administration locked widespread student
“involvement.”
Along the same line of limited discussion. forward
accused the 5&1! of inaccurate reporting. We make mistakes in reporting, and most of them deal with SGA.
The reason for this has been the gross unwillingness of
forward to corporate with the 58:13. Had the 58:3 been
shortly critical of forward, his stubborn refused to help
us would have been understandable. What is so remarkable is that his unwillingness to help seemed to lack
mobile,
Another forward promise was not to “lead crulades for sleeping reforms.” And he didn’t, His speech
called for reform of what he tagged the “if-you-don’alike-it-get-out attitude” of administration towards students.
No leadership to back this much needed reform
was provided by forward. He was too busy maintaining
the status que.
forward was proud of the “relative calm” that
existed this years We feel the "calm” could more accurately be called freedom.
forward said that the college “has fallen prev to
all the conservative forces that prague an institution
without purpose” forward himself was one of those
“conservative forces” He sought to commerce or maintains system whose lack of progress he listed out
against Wednesday night. We are not going to label
forward a failure. He did it for us.
charles and Black
GllNNill can!“
Grin-ll. Inw-
A weekly lies/shape: published each trinity n: the col~
it“ year by the printer Committee on snidnn sublime»
utils. ll'cpiescntcd lol‘ "annual Idvenlsinj hy national nude sin; service. inc, codes: Publishers representative.
is cu slim Silent, New mm 12. in. Second class posting mm at Grinnell, lnwl. Subscription mm 5500 per
n-hoci year avon said subscriptions.
up llodleru
imam human
Alan Axum
. Mmh- sum
sim l'usd
Ann! Flmr
Paul analog
Llhhy P-nhwlll
Sue Taylor
in ch-ndln Mom-lion
, , Suzy wm
coin Parrlsh, John Wolf
Sue Blilimc’l’. olch oh. l in onwnev. Ann )(Inchnen
Mary Ma|cal um cash. runs R. Jones.
levy Paimwﬂl. Dclahlan nice. Judy seal:
 
Riverside fingers Here Tonight
To Perform Varied Selections
The Riverside fingers, an exciting vocal ensemble, will perform
in Roberts Theater tonight at 82%
p.m. Since [hair debut in 1958, the
group has won high praise
throughout the Eastern, Southern,
and Mid - Western United States,
where they have toured annually
for the past five seasons.
The six solocaliber locations are
Eileen lawrence, soprano; Joan
key, soprano; Barbara Crouch,
metro-soprano; gui-inn Lies, minor; Alan Baker, maritime; and
Anthony Tamburello, bass - maritime. Most of them received their
early training at the brilliant
School of Music in New York.
Since their debut they have appeared on some of the nation’s
leading concert stages including
The National Gallery in Washington, and New York's Town Hall.
The group performs in a variety
oi voice combinations, including
sales, guess, trips, quarters, quiz-
ensemble. Most
of the music is unaccompanied,
ranging from the Renaissance
through the Classical and Roman-
)pic periods. included also in the
repertoire are several contemporary works, some of which have
been written expressed for the
group. The program tonight will
include English, Spanish. and
French materials of the 16th and
17m centuries, as well as contemporary competitions by Poulenc.
tell, and full
Michael Miller, and Thomas bag
new.
Cited as a rare. highly polished
group with regard to balance,
[one quality. and alliance oi
style, their presence on the Grillnell musical scene is without question a noteworthy event. The vocal
chamber music rebel fire is extremely rich and varied; the Riverside Chamber fingers do we]—
come justice to its many aspects
and styles.
 
new Social coordination
Committee, headed by Bob johnston. will take charge of cornell's social life after spring
media
 
 
Chicago, St. Louis to Host Students
Working in Annual Inner-City Project
The Board of Religion is span.
spring inner-city work-study projects in St. Louis and Chicago over
spring vacation. This is the second
year such projects have been lindenulun It Grlnnell.
participating in the St Louis
project will he Anne career, Trip
Kennedy, Sue Klee, and Jeanne
Cook, They will live at the Grace
Bill Settlement House, where they
will meet with staff members and
local workers. They will also hold
discussion sessions and do some
neighborhood work. Project dates
are March 1346.
Panicipaimg in the Chicago
project will be Sue miami, pcggy
Harlan. melissa Johnson, Georgia
ticket, Nancy style, .him Mom,
Deborah Nelson, Mary link, Linda Hauserman, Andrea funny,
Alum Smart. Penny davis, June
leo, Gretchen prefer, Heather
Foo". Lureta Kahler. Evelyn Su»
gawu, Judy Roberts, battle tel—
son and Richard dresses.
The Chicago project was conducted last year, while the St.
Louis project is a new advertising.
 
Eight to Attend Conference
About Tropical Development
Grinnell will still eight beverages to the seventh annual Win
spread Conference for the Associated Colleges of the Midwest lo
be held March 2517. conference
site will be (he widespread estate near marine, his, owned by
the Johnson Foundation.
The conference will consider the
questions: why has development
logged in tropical areas; are
[here Special considerations in the
profits —— geographical, cosmetic,
economic, political. social and psychological—which contribute to underdevelopmem; what are the inc.
toys on which strategies for development of the profits should be
based?
Grinnell participants will be
Jeri Lungham, Kathleen r a p 9,
John Pnjmln, Rick Seiiert, John
charge, Ronald Kurt: (anthropoL
ogy), Howard purple (philosophy
and religion), and Robert sherman (economics). Voertman also
serves as one of three men on the
planning committee in charge or
the conference program, The
sponsoring foundation, owned by
Johnson Wax. will pay the entire expenses for all generates to
the meeting.
Speakers at the conference will
include geographic Philip L. wagner of me University of California
at Davis, best known for his work
in the cultural geography of mexico and Costa Rica. J. Robert
Hunter, a tropical biologist and
Field Administrator of the ACM
Program of Field Studies in Ceiir
oral America, will report on the
work being done in that program
William Paddock, formerly of the
Latin American Science Board oi
the National Academy of Sciences
and an anthropologist for the us.
Agency for international Development in Haiti, Venezuela, and
Peru, will he a principal speaker
and resource person.
Last year the widespread conference was on “Problems or the
Metropolis." it developed into a
Classic configuration of anti-city
and pro-city views with emphasis
on the elevation of the metro into
middle class suburban,
Skiers Plan to Be
logged in Colorado
courtesy Grinnell students will
spend spring vacation skiing in
the cookies, according lo Irv Simane (physical education).
Simone sponsors the mp which
costs students 3150 for food, long«
ing and transcription for the l5
day vacation.
 
 
Social Coordinator Named;
Seeks information, Diversity
Recently elected by the old
committee and approved by the
Senate are movies chairman,
Dave Harrison; concerts. Steve
which; informal events, Linda
jefferson and senate which ' (HF
hyramh, early human; puhli ty,
Connie Simon: and forum Chairman, Dick canon.
The new CofHP last night elected
Dave Shellenbarger Nonh Campus
social chairman.
"We hope to provide diversity
and I more informal atmosphere," Johnston Said in I recent interview. “We want mostly
to be male experimental.”
Johnston has in mind for paper.
event what he calls n "weekend
Esperanto affair.” The first such
program will be in April with jazz
singer Betty water and her trip.
She will sing two nights, giving two
performances highway. l-her trio
will provide dance music the i'r
maindcr oi the evening.
happiness to utilize student tax—
ent in the called house was expressed by the new social
chairman. "I am also various,“
stated Johnston, "to provide ways
for people to lake advantage of
off-Campus facilities. This would
mainly be for sheer convenience,
such as regular trips to Des
points, and also for such things
as Lake Acre extensions."
Under the new committee, movie blue'bs and other explanation
notes will be printed on the backsides of the social calendars.
The committee is planning in
stage a “Happening" lifetime in
the near lumre, A dance marathon has also been suggested.
Wednesday night jam sessions
will continue as will the Fonlm
Film Series.
Gadabouts chairman and the
South campus social chairman
have yet to be elected.
Hand Appointed
To Head SAGA
Chuck Hand will be the SAGA
Food Service Director for Grinnell when the present director.
Fred logging, leaves March 19 to
take a motel management job.
Hand will continue as manager of
tables dining hall 'n addition to
assuming responsibility [or the
feeding activities at the Quad (living room and the Forum.
Hand received a as. degree in
Hotel and Restaurant Management
at the University at Denver in
1951.
 
Friday. March ll, I966
SCARLET AND BLACK
block of Letter cultures Note:
Here's More Dirt — CDN signed
By ANNE FARRER
The
their
forms.
The administration is still made
filing over the North campus problem.
The students are still monitoring
for rules changes.
But the high point of Grlnliell’s
much-discussed registration occurred last week-end—one of the
computer dates was signed.
Case in point: the test scores of
one of Grinnell’s earlier institutional couples calculated quite
well. The iowa city computer,
however, did not deep them to
be designed for one another!
which would not be a particularly
unusual instance. When they
matched computer cards the test
score correlation evaporated and
two worthy members or Honor G
implied to the male half of the
couple that the test scores
“might” have experienced a bit
oi an accident on their way to
iowa City.
From this perspective, the
streaming and trauma which took
place in the post pierce as students
discovered the identity of their
dates Saturday morning projected
an interview image of the higher
powers his‘handling the programming for the computer, checklist
“her, her" to themselves, taking
another drag on a cigarette, and
organizing and checklist some
more.
are still
about
trustees
ﬁngernails
rating
0 P e n
 
However the 5&3 is not a pub
location of the decorating variety
(letters . to - the - editor notwithstanding) and does not calculate a
policy of antiathleticism (the ad
itor plays lM basketball and the
associated editor plays singapore).
therefore, ln all respect for, and
darkness to, Honor G, it must be
said that the documented manner
in which most of the computer
dates bombed out or fucked out
could not have been signed.
Perhaps the most surprising and
one or the more successful couples was Jun streets, lreshman
cheerleader, and Henry Wilhelm,
elderly (22) photographer, Said
Henry Saturday afternoon with
typical computer date rueiulness,
“I've already decided that I'd
harry her it she wants to.“ in
comparison to the "Good God,
I’m too young to die" executives.
it was one of the palmer viewpoints expressed.
The over-all atmosphere was
rather a parking back to sixth
grade behavior and psychology—
“neck. I don‘t want to dance with
HER”—0r in some cases on a
more operated junior high level—
“I wonder it he’s thinking the
same thing about me? I think I'm
going to be sick.”
Quite a new junior, senior women - freshmen men combinations
occurred. This is not to reply that
there is anything opportunity or
unusual in such age differentiation, but only to note that several
interesting manifestations ensure
 
from such situationsinamely at
the sex. where the boys had to
quit their senior, ID-possession
dates and heat a nasty retreat to
the men’s room when a represents
alive oi the Grinnell police force
entered the scene.
As for the ton-campus activities
there was ii rock and roll dance
ta great means of receiving arbitration and proc‘able the saving
grace of the entire evening since
the music was so loud it was impossible to talk even if someone
had Wanted to) and a movie ”The
Easy Life" (it's not, many people
discovered).
The exhibition badminton game
at the half-time of the plymouth
game between Cindy Root and
Coach robert could be considered
as symbolic of the computer date
night—depending on one's viewpoint, either it was a draw or
they cleared each other.
Trustees Meet SEA
The m e rn h e r s of Grinnell’s
Board of Trustees will meet here
over spring vacation,
Among their many activities is
a function tomorrow with relating
student government president Jerry forward, student government
presidentelect Steve Kent, relating
CotHP president pic k songs,
CofHP president-elect Bob Fame,
and AWS Board president-elect
Karen Lauterbach.
Administrators of the college will
not be present during the function.
 
Five ideal dates.
Three dollars $3)
Join in the most advertisers experiment of our time Operation Match. Let the IBM 7090 Computer (the world’s most perfect
manchester) stamp out blind dates for you.
’I‘wo Harvard seniors started it. 100,000 students have done it.
Now you and 3,400,000 college students in 1500 colleges in 50
Chess journey uncle
But Play Continues
Starting Tuesday, March 29, and
every Tuesday thereafter, t h e r e
will be informal chess playing in
a private dining room or the Forum. The chess playing will begin
at 7:30 p.m.
At the first session, a ﬁve
round tournament will come to an
logo Three
end when the championship match
is played between seniors Okul‘a
and Arnold Adelberg (mathematical The tournament started with
nine students and six faculty
members.
PHOTO CREDITS
Pago i: oil’ersldu PR
Pngu s: wiihrlni
PARK 5: Sturgl;
Pnge s. gender
 
KRAMER JEWELRY
Your Keepsake Dealer
49h Er
Broad
 
The
cities can sign up and join in!
Just send us the coupon. We'll send you the Operation Match
Quantitative Personality Projection Test prints!
Then return the questionnaire with $3.00. What you’re like
and what you like will be translated into our 7090’s memory ﬁle,
It will scan the quiltﬁnations of every member of the opposite sex
from this geographic area. Then it will select the five or more
matches best for you.
You’ll receive your names, addresses and telephone numbers
within three weeks. You’ll be what your date is looking for. Your
date will be what you are looking for. In other words: the matches ﬁne mic, and precise modem
will be mutual cut. The name, Keepsake, in
.r your ringSaIssuEes lifetime sites-
Dear IBM 7090' action, e ec your very page
I am 17 or over (and 27 or under) and I want to help stamp mnel Ks 8pm [(9 at you ’
Keepsake however's store. Find
out blind dates. So mail me my questionnaire. Quick! him in the yellow pages under
"‘Jewalers.
ENGAGE-ABLES
go for
And, for good reasons . T. like
smart selling to enhance the
center diamond . .guaranteed
perfect (or rap element assured) . . a brilliant gem of
School
I HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING
Z‘wma ' Please read new 20-page booking, “How To rim. Your rhea union!
| and Wedding" and new l2-page full color told-r, bath for on y 25:.
o p e rate on M atCh i 2», send station offer 0' beauty'ul «page Bride'r book1
oompambility' Research, Inc.
I 75 East hacker Drive. Chicago. illinois
o................................
Name
 
Address city State
I
| Addr
: Clty___..——smtp—w4:__llp;—
t KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RlNGS BOX 90, SVRACLLSE, NEW YORK
I
u
n
.-
 
 
" ‘SCAREE mo ILACK
(of/IF, AWS: 'llnity; 'Privacy'Are (once 5
North Campus Heads Favor Rule
Enforcement and B & G Reform
As in every campaign, the basic
Issues oi' those running for the
presidential oi the men’s calls
were the candidates’ characters
and capabilities. The principal
platform or those elected convicted of more hall unity, their policy
of rule enforcement in the area of
illegal limitations, and reporting
BKzG.
The treatments at South counter,
Cowles, Langan, and East morris
represent in their platforms the
need for improvement in hall johnston which was arrested by all.
Roger May of South counter emphasized the need for the house
council to combat the hall’s apache by personally seeing that
there he more participation in
house meetings by the upperclassmen and by seeking residents’ 0windows on vital issues. The major
portion or this program, said May,
would be making sections or the
hall work together as a unit in
hall projects.
Cowles has a similar problem
According to Rick Sprott of “too
many individuals living in singles
and not knowing' each other." He
desired it better freshman orientation program within the hall to inquire unity among the freshmen.
Social functions for which the entire hall works as a unit Sprott
‘less as another vital 'way, in
which hall johnston may be inspired. ,
According to Bob Swortwood oi
Langan, the calls must be improved by means of closer relations
with the dean. The dean should be
shown that Langan students are
 
acting more saturday in respective others' rights, and that the
large ireshman class within the
hall is having a lot to do with the
change in the calls image.
In East morris, the chief issues,
according to president-elect lay
WilliamsY “are how to improve
the hall through social and IM
programs and through g acer
participation in hell actor es.”
Most of East morris was very concerned with improving the hall
physically so that it would remain
liveabie.
Open form Policy
illegal opens is a touchy issue
in every hall. Most hall treatments
have decided to aside by the non<
controversial stand at not looking
inn violations of the limitation
rule. instead they say that as
long as one individual does not
interface with another hall resident's rights, and as long as his
girl and be are not wireless or
ﬂagrant in their violation or the
rule, nothing will be done. Some,
including Ray com of watson,
wish to make residents more careful it they propose to village the
law in order to prevent the hall
from requiring an adverse reputation. com hopes to keep the ad
registration out or the hall by
making hall officials more may
‘to ﬁne vibrators.
For the proposition of vibrators,
Bob Swortwood of Langan proposed that the house council work
CMH .
(Continued on Page 5)
 
New AWS Board Stresses Individualism. Privacy
As Planning Stage for Next Year Gets Started
The newly elected AWS board
members have already met once
and are working in the planning
stages for next year. Some areas
that will probably be looked into
are changes in the selection and
pricing at the bookstore. an extension of the car rule, possible re-
ﬁcement of the late minutes and
locking procedure. and a key sys—
tel for South Campus. '
The ten new board members
were interpreted individually by
the 5&3 and were asked such
questions as: how do you view
the balance in a hall between privacy and participation: how much
of a role does each individual hall
play in relation to the rest of the
campus; in what areas would you
personally like to work as a member of the AWS board?
Susan cal-cuts! ~ Main
"The balance between privacy
and participation depends on the
girls in the hall. I would publicity everything at interest on campus and leave it at that.” Miss
Barquist thinks there are some
things, however, that cannon be
done without a minimum number
of participants, such as coffee
hours with faculty members, and
taking trips.
Miss Barquist's main participation as a board member would be
an examination and certification
of the philosophy of the rules. She
feels that the board must know
where it is going, that it must de«
Clde whether it believes in the
rules or not. how they are going
 
Antioch to Give Contraceptives;
'Open forms' Subject of Survey
A policy allowing bernard students over 21 years of age to receive comprehensive medication or
devices without parental consent
has been adopted by Antioch College.
The c h a n g e represents the
"maximum discrimination" which
the college health service could
undertake because of Ohio’s conservative state law. Students under 21 must Still have parents' permission to receive the medication.
The contraceptives will be pro
video by the Antioch health service with communication between
the student-patient and physician
being private and consider-still, as
would be the case with any other
physician in private practice.
Women’s Hours — Open forms
On most computer a discussion
at women's hours and open mail
hours will spare much interest.“
Middlebury College is- going
through it series of discussions
A. about their rules in this area', and
newspaper sent a questionnaire to
other colleges askingwhat they
no done in these two areas oi
_ )use enforcement. ’
in the area of current {or com-
,' Antioch has no hours, Beloit
1‘ them only for freshmen; and
Rochester has hours for freshmen
 
and sophomores. Kalamazoo allows seniors and women over 21
unlimited hours while rates and
telephony have no hours on week—
ends. reference provides “honors" directories.
In the number of open forms
hours a week, 'Amlferst, a men’s
school, has 52 hours a week; Antioch, 54 a week; and Rochester,
20 hours a week. Most colleges
agree that there are reforms needed, but as the editor at the shareware student paper wrote, “It is
very difficult—reform will proceed
as quickly as our president pleased. The means listen politics and
explain, but most of their statements are to a new students and
OK the record."
Comiiims tutorial
For the past six weeks, 18 Cornell College students have given
up one night I week to tumor under-privileges children . in the
Wood Lane Area of Cedar Rapids. ? ' ' '
The project, sponsored by the
powell Civil Rights Project and
finances by the Religious Liie
Council, sends students on Tuesday and Wednesday nights to the
Janet Boyd Community House in
Cedar Rapids.
The majority at students are
degrees and mnge in age team
seventh grade to seniors in high
school.
 
for all
sorts of
cookies
 
 
to be informed, and how they
might be changed.
newbie towns-Pine Tree
“There are certain things in a
hall that are comments and demand cooperation, such as quiet
hours; but social life in the form
should be on a surely voluntary
basis,” Miss towns feels that
while there should be no forced
participation there should always
be activities in which to participate.
She thinks certain things have to
he mail-oriented ~ for example,
house parties and intramural
sports~but that campus questions
should not be imposed on the individual calls other than for general discussion. Miss towns considers the role of the senators
very important in wondering information and bringing the consensus oi the hall back to the Senate.
sydney running~years
Miss running will first evaluate
the type or students in her hall
and provide maximum opportunity
for them to mix with each other
and participate in such things as
IM's and house parties. “It would
certainly not be a forced affair. I
would wait and see how well the
girls responded to such uppnrtun<
items and gradually other more and
more. I would not inside anyone's
privacy,” said Miss running. She
would like her hall to be enthusiastic and hopes that the girls
would be happy to ‘ re up“ for
certain activities. Miss running
feels that a hall should function
in its own unity. Individual calls
cannon direct the entire campus,
because rule changes are not initiated in a hall. She feels that
the hall should primarily be involved in keeping its girls together.
, Ruth Edelen—llc’l Park Ind
while House
“There are going to be students
who want to be left alone and
those who want their hall to be
the center of campus life. It is up
to the prev' ent to find the tone
' GLASSES ‘
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and ‘
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone ass-sin
E. J.lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Ofﬁce
Cloud “sun KM.
 
of the hall, be aware of interest
and candidate it."
Miss Edelen believes that there
must never be pressure toward participation, but channels of come
medication should be set up
through the House council and
aaiileooards with regard to such
activities as IM'S and student:
faculty get-somewhere. She thinks
that each hall has its own importance because it is the home
base for a certain number at
girls. She would strike to draw
out all types of interests within
the hall.
She also said that she would like
to see the AWS board meet once
a week throughout the year with
the Dean of Women to work toward a more realistic set oi rules.
Susan Monte-Conference House
Miss month believes that both
privacy and participation have
their place. “My primary interest
would be privacy, but at the same
time, each girl ones certain considerations to the other members
of her hall." She would work
{rpm the inside out and hope that
the compatibility ot the girls
would star up interest. Miss lolita
believes that interest cannon be
especially imposed, and that simply being told to "fire up" will .
have no direct on participation in
the hall.
Susan Nelson-Read
.Miss Nelson feels that a hall can
meet the needs or different types
AWS BOARD—
(Continued on Page I)
A swimming weekend ll'
Chicago for $l‘
low to. an.
archlspsu
e ., is.
Music estonia‘
url. "Any
student, mm
07 women. come
st .
how I did it.
Dinner at VMCA "0M 3L3.
Visit Old town 3.00
room or 7 new so.
. may-t It v Not-i .n
An institute Vsor rm
tooth or Stoviior'. Lu
. Nut Mvnv- into u at r MIII
Set. a dam, r and
Into short
loan or v «ct-r
Iroakhalnt v New,
Worm. mvC-xml soon»
lunch at v mu m
«a. no. lock to and
mon static
MEN - works - mature
Stay at Chicago‘s
Y M CA H O T E l.
I“ South Wabash
at the edge of the Loop
non-mn— or III a in in: .1 .
Write lot "sunﬂow- or «in "2-3“:
wto.
.u
.u
a as
an
 
'Frldny, hotel! ”14‘9“
} AWS Board
(continue from Page 4)
of people satisfactorily. its mem»
bars must be able to feel a part
of the hall and be themselves; but
tit the same time, the hall must
meet certain requirements for privacy and isolation. She believes
that group activities should not be
skilled because of interest in
maintaining a chance for privacy,
and that this would be the job
of the house council Ultimately,
there should be an equal balance
between privacy and participation.
laura stephen-Loose
“It is the house president’s responsibility to ascertain people‘s
interests and encourage or respect them. it is important to appeal to those who want to particle
page, While respective the privacy
of others." Miss stephen sees no
conflict of interest here, and that
with a good house Council there
will be no real problem.
She would encourage improved
communication with the Senate,
and more student-faculty interchanges within the hall.
Miss stephen views the board
as serving in a creative capacity,
not just as an executive body. She
favors increased communication
with and respect for the Dean of
Women and the rest oi the administration in working out problems
such as graduated hours and the
lack of privacy on campus.
Cris johnson-Homes
“Each person is an individual,
but given this system or directory like, every girl has an obligation to recognize the rights of
the people with whom she is living.” Miss johnson believes that
everyone has the right to he
“fired up” over activities, but she
would not force anyone to do so.
She would like to see a representation oi the house council to
make offices such as music chairman and social chairman more
useful On the campus level, she
would like the rule system to be
brought into greater Contact with
reality.
penn TePuanrnes
Miss TePaske believes that 11%
pie should be relevant of and interested in each other. "Enthusiasm should be generated so some
can participate, but each girl
should be able to do more or
iesl what she wants to in the hall.”
She thinks that there has been a
lack of communication among the
scanner AND BLACK
ms BASKETBALL TEAM may not hm had the her at too.
.oil but they were covered photographlcally better than
port Grinnoll basketball teams. The p‘icon. at Grinnell is...
koiball record-greater J." Frlnix i. an example. Th. picnic
Page Five '
not taken by Henr Wilhelm, co-editor oi the cycling. wo—
help he. inst pure and . new motor driven camera which
allow: him to take pictures hy remote control
H. placed
the camera above the basket to take that picture. Note the
position oi grants' I left hand.
 
should make herself readily available for consultation and conversation. Along these lines, Miss TePaske does not think that a hall
ought to be isolated. She would
like to see the Board work toWard is general discrimination of
rules, ,
melissa Ward-Cleveland
“A girl's room Should be her private haven, rather than the hull."
Miss Ward sees the campus strip-
 
g’rss, and that the president
hired so that certain activities,
 
cayman '5 Apparel
"Fashion: For You"
Swing Into Spring With
Latest Styles of New
SPRING SPORTSWEAR
blacks - Skirts - Shorts - theaters
See Our large Selection
Of New Spring Dresses
Over 600 to
Sizes 1 petite to 24%
Shop commons For
Select From
12.98 - 29.95
quality and Value
 
such as lM sports and house parties. come out oi the hall. She
feel that it is of primary importance to make information about
campus activities available either
informally or through the president or the house council.
Miss Ward believes that the emphasis oi the hall should be on
the individual floors. “It is impossible to get a large group together
to get things going, so such arrangements should be made
through the Baiiieboard. The motherboard can most easily get to
.know the people in the hall, es-
sexually freshmen.
She thinks that respect toward
every individual comes from the
attitude of the president and the
Baiileboard. “A hall guides itself
through the way people make
iriendships,” she said.
PATRONIIE OUR ADVERIISERS
“You’d think the Vietcong would have realized by now that
their actions are just
helping to pricing
copyright.”
for a me rose at in.
(cum :nv- at NArtomt REVVEW, unit.
to Dept. cm, \50 s. .
u to. N. r. u. N. Y.
D CofHP
(Continued from Page 4)
out all firsttlme violations of this
rule without living the individual
involved. But Bob seller of North
counter gave the preventing antiqueé of most treatments when he
said that the first violation would
be finished with a time, the sec
and with action in primary court.
All treatments said that the CofHP would definitely take some
step in discrimination of hall hours.
BM} Problem
B&G's excessive times was and
other area in which the hall treatments hoped the CotHP would
take some positive action. All said
that the three-member committee
to which appeals are made by students should be published since it
is controlled by those who ﬁrss
fix the amount of time. Many
would like to see in its place the
three North Campus resident ads
visits take over responsibility ol
ruling on appeals Concei‘nlngvex‘
session files. Chief complaints
about 3&6 policies were the 'minimum labor charge ct two dollars
an hour for only five minutes work
and the lighting oi appreciation in
 
the lines which B&G will give to
students.
Car Rule
All treatments agreed that the car
rule should be given to seniors, but
Dick canon of liable thinks that
a junior car rule is not as never»
mary as a college provision for
more cars to be available to stud
cents {or use in trips to special
events and oil campus house par- :
ties ,
Since the number of seniors
dining cars is small in comparison to the size of the class, and
since there probably will not be
many more seniors with cars, he
thinks that more college cars is
the only answer it student trans—
formation is to he adequate.
The new soil-1P, consisting of
six seniors and five sophomores
includes: Dick canon - liable. sub
seller - North counter, Ray l-low-nRawson, Rick Jacob - Gates, Dan
Markmann - Smith, Roger May.
South counter, Jack ReynoldsWest morris, Greg Robinson-Clark,
Rick Sprott - Cowles, Bob Swot-blood - taiwan, and Jay Williams—
East morris.
IATE’ S FLOWERS
1012 Broad
 
Pit. 235-3197
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
t forward stories loss of Liberal Ideal
(Continued from Page 1)
changes and the pace of progress
that are possible. In closing. i
asked the Senate to realize that
some matters are too small to be
concerned with, and some are too
large to be changed"
in qualifying the role he has
played as student government
leader, forward said that the
principles he has tried to maintain were born of “three years of
watching my predecessors try to
direct change by starring the students to an vocational french or by
playing political footsy with the college administration." He explained that these methods bring
nothing but district toward std»
sent government, and referred to
his term of office as “a year of
relative calm in student—administration relations."
Points to Problems
Reviewing the past year, he
said, “I think form life has been
quite satisfactory this year.” adding that he no longer believes
there is a ”North Campus Problem" as such. He did, however.
point out certain problems on
North Campus "South pit, Langan
basement, and Cowles zoo, forming
Grinnell’s own iron triangle, are
areas for concern but certainly not
reporting panic."
forward mentioned that he
thinks the students have shown a
“substantial improvement” over
last year in regard to incidents
of delicious damage to college and
personal property, and “disorder-
DISCOUNT CENTER
DuPont Golden 7
Stop: Oil Burning
41‘ a»
Family Sin
STRIPE
With Coupon Inside
95: value 5 8‘
 
1y conduct resulting item notification." forward suggested. “It
might be well for those who are
representing the solutions to all
our problems and who seem to
hear only oi the sorted incidents,
to move into some of the vacant
rooms they have created and ex«
sequence North Campus life on a
day-to-day basis.”
class 5&3
Turning to student activities,
forward said, “The campus is doing pretty well. With the possible
exception of the basketball team
and the 5&3, students seem to be
taking up their spare time with
fairly worthwhile and Successful
investors.” accepting John Wolf,
he said, “The staff at our campus
newspaper has shown an incredible lack of imagination and re»
posting accuracy, 1 would suggest
that perhaps they should spend
less time gaming at covers and
pocket lines and more time config<
bring their responsibilities to their
readers."
shirts Ground
forward decided at this point,
“to shift the ground of this speech
away from some of our rather
narrow student government concerns and discuss what I think is
a broader and more important
problem of the entire college com
munich. In so doing, I am going
to briefly switch some history of
the college in the past decade because it is helpful to an understanding oi our most serious shortcoming.”
 
He then processed to paint a
picture of Grinneii in its payday
under President women. He Called
attention to Grinnell’s financial
difficulties in the early ‘505 and
integrated the successful financial efforts undertaken by the college under women. forward also
caused the curriculum changes of
this period referring specsﬁcalls
to the freshman distinction pro
gray, the American Studies major', the Argonne semester, and the
construction of the present language laboratory.
cruises women Period
His next topic was the social
like during the women period, and
he said that during this period
the college’s attitude was that
there was real value in having the
students meet and solve their own
problems. Regarding his switch or
the women years, he said, “The
reason I am recycling all this to
your attention is because I think
it illustrated an aspect oi Grinnell
College that has been at least Iorv
gotten, it not lost entirely.
“in the late ’505 and early ’505
this college had a sense of correction, a commitment of what it
was, where it was going, and how
it was going to get there. There
was a sense of social and intellectual excitement, as climate of
optimize on the campus."
parents Loss
He continued, “But in the last
now years this spirit, this dynamics, and this willingness to
move ahead with more liberal
 
programs has been lost. Grinneii
College is no longer at the forefront of education and community
organization. Beyond evidence or
any planning, Grinnell seems to
have lost sight of the liberal ideal.
it has lost its appointment to proof‘essivism, no matter what the
cost. And it has lost the sense of
excitement that once prostores on
this campus
“In this condition or draft the
college community has fallen prev
Jerry forward
to all the conservative forces that
prague an institution without purpose. Rather than continuing to
literature student social freedom.
the college has chosen to fighter
the rules and contract the pro
grams. Liberalism now seems to
depend on the absence of object—
ion from the outside forces paths
 
Friday. March ii, [966
er than telling its donors to spend
their money elsewhere if they
don’t agree with progressive campus policies, the college is now
advisory students who desire a
more liberal living situation to
transfer to another institution
This if»you»don’t~like»it7get-out attitude can only atrophy comes—
city imagination."
Places Responsibility
According to forward, the re
sponsibility for examination this
attitude “tests With the students
who have dedicated their responsibility to the community, the faculty who have not supported the
administration against outside
pressure, and the parents and
alumni who believe only what they
read about Grinnell in the Des
points Register."
In closing, forward said, “I
would like to express my special
thanks to some of the people I’ve
been proud to work with this
year.” He cited Dean Thompson
iii~ bringing “a much - needed
pragmatism to the conduct of student affairs over the past two
years," and he trained Dean winners as “probably the most outstanding administrator to come to
Grinnell in recent years."
Thanks Associates
He changed Ellen entering, secretary oi the Senate, and Cherie
joined, secretary of the executive
cabinet. “And finally I want to
express my institute to Chris (Peterson) whose confidence and support have been a continuing source
at happiness for me. at all 1 have
gained from my work in student
government this year, her friendship ranks highest.”
WHERE YOU NEVER
« PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Orinnell, Iowa
Woodbury
HAND LOTION
5 00 value 36‘
HOURS:
STORE , m‘
9 mm. In 9 pan. Friday
to 8 pm. Mon.. Tues-i
Wed.. hours., Sat.
JOHNSON 8t JOHNSON
OOTTON Runs
89: value 48‘
TRUSHAY
GENERAL TAPE BA" QEOPCORANT
39‘ Val“ I 2‘ $1.49 value 88¢
OIIMIIY .TOILET SOAP
Reg. 3 for 35¢
3 «or 21‘
KING SIZE TYPING PAPER
275 Count
51‘
V0 5 CREAM RINSE
SLOO value 60‘
TOP BRASS
AEROSOL DEODORAN‘I’
sl.oo value 58‘
ENVELOPES
100 COUNT
394: value 3"
Hand & Body motion
69¢ value 44‘
FILLER PAPER
300 Count
98: value 5 1G
GOODY
, BRUSH CURLERS
sl.oo value 33‘
 
Friday, March ll. I966
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
‘ Pioneers Held Under In Swim Season;
Finish Seventh At Conference Meet
The Pioneer swimming team
finished a lean season last weekend, when they took seventh place
in the conference meet at Lawrence, scoring lo points. Cornell
won the meet easily with 66v,
points.
5' The only bright spot in an otherwise lackluster performance was
the setting of a conference record
by Ken sherman in the ZOO-yard
butterﬂy. Previous record was
2:155, which sherman broke in
the precipitation with a time of
, 2311.9. The Pioneers altogether
picked up one second, one fourth.
and one sixth to score their ten
points.
sherman was the tap Pioneer
finished with a second place time
of 2: 13.2 in the ZOO—yard butterfly
in the finals. Steve Holtze picked
tip the Pioneer fourth in the Zoo
yard individual wesley. Hollze and
sherman then joined Bob Wells
and Bill panel an the sixth place
too-yard relay team.
The team has been rendered all
season by its lack of size and
strength and consistent sports
businesses. The team has done a
charitable job of everything this
problem all season. but it proved
a computing handicap at the conference meet.
Unfortunately, Coach Irv Simone has to how out at a time
when the swimming features are
at a low and when the chances for
improvement are not too encouraging. Perhaps the lack of family—
ties for the swingers is failing to
attract potential Pioneer swingers, and will content to finder
the development of a solid swimming team.
 
winners Place Fifth at Chicago;
Four-year Conference align Ends
The Pioneers' {our year align
as king among me Midwest Conference track team: was ended
last weekend when a small continuing took fourth place in the
conference indoor meet held in
Chicago.
The host team, University of Chicago. took the mat with 62 points.
The Pioneer: placed ﬁltd with 25
points. The team all not able to
pick up any first place: and not
only two seconds.
Leading the team was Steve
printable who looked in one in.
dividend nice and on two relay
teamsi Jeri Lungham and pic
MacDawell each were on three
relay teams which picked up
points for the Pioneers.
. The three relay teams proved to
be the strength or the Pioneers,
scoring two seconds and a fifth. The
distance wesley quarter of Brimnall, MacDowell, John jersey, and
Langham copper a second. The
two mile team of MaoDowell,
sam. people any they worlds't hills
Across the street car our plus. Olli.
m say they worlds't even
their lounge: for ii. out you don‘t
my. to _ we‘ll deliver ta your
 
Doug gray, jersey, and Langham
placed second, The one mile team
of Jim Multieldt, MacDowell,
Langham. and Brinmall ﬁlisted
fifth.
The Pioneers were able to gain
three places in the individual I:cents. paintball got the highest
ﬁwish with his third ill the board
low handles.
Picking up courses were cult
real in the polo vault and Tom
Russell in the that put.
Headquarters For:
IIISSIS
SKIRTS
SLACK!
ILOUSES
one“
3W“
A 5' PA I) El.
GRINNELL
lee
go to
room; —a.. North campus at least.
Pisl girls. don't despite: we’re ne-
gotta big with the administrator for
. similar arrangement on
Campus.
South ’
"Am,"
Allrvano's Mm
rm Delivery
236-6222
 
 
l
Basketball Season Ends visual/y
As grants website: Record Books
The Pioneer basketball team
finished a visual season last
weekend with a pair of losses to
Knox and plymouth. Also visual
is the departure of Jeri grants
after this season with its Grinnell
all - time scoring record of 1312
points, more than two hundred over his nearest comparison. Already
in seventh place on the list after
only his first two years of playing. Jeff easily overcome the first
six with his 412 points this year.
The point-count of this year was a
drop from his record year of 196465 when he posted through 512
points. This can probably be explained by the fact that he Went
out for football this year so that he
had a more difficult time getting
in shape for basketball and also
had to spend a great portion of his
time matching for rebounds which
left less time for scoring. This
way, though, he became the top
remainder for the Pioneers
Jeff's soon‘ng average over the
three years was 19.33, just a
shade lender the all-time best bio
need multi Jeff also holds the
scoring record of 46 points for a
single game. in addition he holds
five more offensive records, but
he also holds the record for the
most personal souls in - season.
 
The Pioneers will also he lDSillg'SliOLS. In the last two minutes of
co-explain Ted missed', a two year the half they had five customers
regular, who also added valuable and lost the lead at the buffer.
leadership to the primarily underclassmen team oi this year.
lead over Knox, Friday,
they made eight of their first nine
35-34.
Knox gradually increased
its lead in the second half and won
Both nights the Pioneers looked 82-71. The game with plymouth
as if they were going to bring‘was nearly the same except that
home another win over a couple the Pioneers could not get quite
of strong opponents. But they fax- as large a lead and lost it corner.
tired at the end of the first half. After the first half they were
The Pioneers bumper to an 185 down 54-41 against a good Mon-
per cent from the field,
We Have Just Received
British Sterling
Cologne and After share
KRAMER JEWELERS
4the
Ind
when mouth team that was hitting 54
 
glllllilllllllllilllllllllll||Ilillll||lMll|I|llllll||lllll||Illllllllllhlllllllliwlllllh'ililllllllllilllllllllllllllliillllllltllll||IIlllll||IlMilIlillllllltlllllllllllillllllWillillllllilKlllllllllllillllllllilllllllllliillMlllllllllwilﬂlhllllllﬁilltlllllllllll
PROVIDE
your money with
a good home!
GRINNELL FEDERAL
Savings and Loan association
wrui. you-v. . law. to span, open or account in Grinnell man. You'll in.
doing husinm in the modern, new building.
0 Your money «In: or the plus rm u 4 new. M you.
O Your-money is readily nv-ikbh if needed.
. I Your money is insured uh . .-. cost comm is insured up to 510.000
by F.s.L or
Special note i. org-situation treasurers: it you my. . surplus in your truancy
that" small), open or account .nil let your money work mind of re-
meaning idle.
Grinnell Federal
~’ -~:o~
We
Savings
and Loan
Association
1025 Main Street - Grinnell, low- a Phone 515 236612'
MIHMWMWW
E
g
E
E
untitltllillllllllliilllllllilllillilllllllllillilllll lllliiLllllllIliIlllllllllllllllllliillllllillilllliillllllhlllllliillllllhlllllllilllllllllHilllllllllllillllllllilllllllllllllllillllllllllllllliililllllllllllhlllllilllilllillllillllllltllllllllililllllllllM‘
 
Page Eight
Pioneer graph
First Griliilell wrestling Championship
Wiih Four Gold metals for carmen
Last weekend the
wrestling brought home the Mid
west Conference Wrestling
Championship - the first in the
history of Grinnell College.
Griiirlell, with tour champions,
one second, and one third place
Winner, scored 65 points to beat
runner-up Cornell with 57. Following were plymouth (45), Knox
(42). St. Olaf (39), Lawrence (31),
joe (30)Y Belait (21), Carleton
(21), and simon (10).
Grinnell's gold medal winners
were Bill Barnes in the 123 lb.
division, Ken Strubler at 130, John
charge at 145, and Gary Wilson
in the 160 lb. class. No other team
had more than one champion.
Louis seller took a second
place, and Mike partition won
third place.
The Pioneers entered the tournament with the feeling - perhaps
' shared by nu one else - that they
had the best chance to win the
first place trophy. Other rated
containers were Cornell, plymouth. St. Olaf, and Lawrence.
With so many title containers the
wrestling. optimize seemed to
some to be procedure.
Lawrence, interested in dual
meet competition, had good alliance but locked individual
strength. plymouth had a raw
Step Up To
JD'S RESYAURAN‘I‘
Elev-tea - at my, Main, Grlnnell
 
Grinnelli strong individual performing but
not much else. st. Olai appeared
somewhat stronger, but Cornell
still ﬁguard as Grinnell's biggest
threat.
The tournament began to take
shape with the completion oi the
settings. Mike partition, 115 le.,
was the victim of an opportunity
seeking and was forced to greatly
the eventual champion in the
semi-ﬁnfl round oi competition.
After this loss, howeverI partition came back strong in the
wrestleback and won a Wellearned third place in his consoles
tion match.
(Io-contains Bill Barnes and Ken
Strubler were both needed ﬁrss
and cruises into the ﬁnals. 0n the
other hand, John charge met the
first seed in the semi-finals and
won after a tough overcome match,
Gary Wilson, also needed first,
had to greatly an extra preliminary match since there were nine
men in his weight division, but
had little trouble making the small.
Louis seller, needed fourth'lY won
a hard fought match in the seems .
heating the first seed.
Thus five men made the ﬁnals.
but at the end of the semi-ﬁnfl
round, Cornell still held the edge
with a 52-51 margin. The sharp
iousliip matches would decide the ‘
meet.
Both Barnes and Strubler met
Cornell men in their finals. Tlteir’s
were must matches. but Grinnell ‘
still needed another win to clinic
the title if Cornell won two Championships at the 115 and 152 lb. (1
options.
Barnes began Grinnell’s victory
struggle with a 3-2 win. Although
the score was close. Barnes was
never in trouble and easily retained his conference crown for
the second year.
Stnibler won his championship
with a H victory, and charge
launched the title with a 12-5 win
over his Knox opponent.
W i l s on followed at the 160 1b,
division with a 9-2 decision {or his
individual crown. Although all
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. March ”.1?“
in league Title
BILL BARNES — ON TOP in THE ABOVE PICTURE _ won his become straight conference title in last weekend's conference wrestling most. In the action pictures above Barnes
is in the pmceu oi depending o Carleton man in a tent-final match. The star. oi the
match was . consider 27‘s. harris: got on. pin and another decision during the meet.
 
three won by substantial scores, vision but helped Grinnell to its
their hampiunship matches Were 65 points and its first wrestling
hard-bought, wellearneti victorian. championship.
Louis seller lost a Close 3<l de- Three of the Pioneer champions,
 
 
For the best in yearround car care, you
can't do any better.
SElllllQE
 
Ken Struhler, John charge, and
Gary Wilson, will also travel to
mandate, Minnesota this weekend
for the National Collegiate Athletic Association College meet.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinneli
Office Supply
Across from the Post Office
 
GRINNELL. lOWA
 
