largest Issues commons to treatment
 
oldest College Newspaper west of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXlV
erinneii, Iowa, Fiidoy, September 9. ms
 
Haas Defines Role as All accompanying
By ANN KIRSCHNER
Chaplain Dennis l-Iaas sees
his role at Grinnell primarily
in terms of a “ministry to the
college community." He defines
such a ministry as “availability
and awareness to assist in all
areas of student life.”
The three major areas in
which Mr. Haas will be involved
are religious activities, teaching, and counseling. In all these
areas, and' especially the latter,
Mr. Haas will acquaint himself
with the needs of the Students in
order to better plan programs
and not effectively on campus.
He is looking forward to creating new programs to supplement the ones now in operation.
While he hopes to maintain
many of the present programs,
such as those carried on by the
Board of Religion, he would like
News
Briefs
Weekend Events
There Will be double entertainment tomorrow night in the
Forum with live music scheduled for both the north lounge
and the grill. The Bill McGinty
Combo will play in the Grill
while the Joe morrison Combo
plays for dancing in the North
Lounge. Both events begin at
9:30.
In addition, a British film,
“The containers of the Long
Distance Runner,“ is scheduled
for showing at 7:30 and 9:30 in
ARH tomorrow.
quarter Concert
The xerox quarter will present its first concert of the fall
semester at Grinnell this Sunday at a pm. in Roberts Thea.
the.
The program will includes
Haydn's quarter in B-flat Major, Opus 79, No. 4 (”The Sunrise"); union Webern's Funf
katie. Opus 5; and Beethoven’s
quarter in F Major, Opus 59,
No. 1.
Art Exhibit
“Nineteenth Century Drawings," an exhibition selected
from the channel Walter collection of the San Francisco Art
institute, is now on display at
the Scheaffer Gallery in the
Fine Arts Center.
Grinnell’s first art exhibition
of the 1966-67 academic year, it
includes works by several im<
contact pro-impressionist artists — worst, miller, Meissoniet, Bonheur, Tlieodoie Rouslaeu, and Bouguereau.
, Rica.
to see if student interest sufficiently multiﬁes their existence.
Mr. Haas hopes to become acquainted with the needs of the
Catholic and Jewish students on
campus. He feels that usually
there should be a priest and a
rabbi more available to work
out personal problems that he
might not be able to handle.
In answer to a question about
the religious activities on campus being Protestantroriented,
Mr. Haas replied that lt had
been suggested to him to make
chapel services more universal.
He feels, however, that a serv-
ice general enough to make no
religious destinations, but that
would be rather a prayer session, would be so entered down
as to be of no use to anyone.
He would like to see non-protecting programs if student interest warranty them. In particular, there is a possibility of
holding occasional Jewish Sahbath services in the chapel,
Mr. Haas was the chaplain
last year at Franklin-Marshall
College in Lancaster, PennsylVania, where he was an undergraduate, He earned his so.
at Union theoretical seminars.
 
'Aufonomy for Councils':
New North Campus advisor
In an effort to improve the North Campus society, dramatically
and normally, two new resident advisors have been added to the
men's hall structure. They join Terry Moore and Gene robert who
are beginning their second year as advisors.
Dave Johnson, advisor for North and South counter and Smith,
in addition will work as an assistant in the history department. Johnson is currently
studying for his PhD. in history
at the University of Minnesota
and has taken a year off for
reading.
Although it is still quite early
in the academic year, Johnson
already has some thoughts about
the resident advisor program
and Grinnell society. He felt
that the mobile behind the begin
central advisor system has not
been “clearly anticipated by the
administration” thus bringing
about a certain amount of district for the advisor among the
students. As far as disciplinary
action Johnson said the form
Councils should have complete
autonomy in this area but that
he might aid in the enforcement of quiet hours.
“I expected a closed society
at Griiinell, and I was not disappointed," Johnson continued.
“Upperclassmen have the notion
that Grinnell is the centersofa
the~universe and does not need
improvement." He cited the
fact that some of the classes
at Grinnell are as large as anniversary classes and emphasized
the selfrconsciousness of std»
cents towards their college as
unique.
Paul Thurston, advisor for
Clark and liable, is also a dealtime student this year. Because
Thurston worked last semester
on a sociology project at Costa
Rica, he had to return to com»
plate his graduation requirements. In addition he will assist
in coaching Freshmen football,
Along with eleven other students from colleges in the Mine
west Conference, Thurston
studied the problems of Costa
Tivo Grinnell students
with him were Nancy Moritz
on a sociology project and
Chuck cornell doing work in
biology. Thurston consolidated
on the poverty in the capital
San Jose, intervention seventyfive families and discussing
their problems and the urban
migration with them. Although
he was only there six months,
he thought that he had acquired
very valuable field experience.
Wall Speaks of Communiias
The first corporation of the school year drew only minimal
student attendance last Monday evening.
Because of the importance of the two addresses delivered at
the corporation the editors have appointed below substantial are
Oerpts from Dr. Wall’s and the complete text of President suggest‘s.
The 5&B extends a special invitation for responsible student come
ment on these addresses. Deliver signed responses (typewritten.
please) to the sen mail box.
Th. Double Nature oi Renewal
Or How to be Good to the World
Glenn segment
Students. Faculty, Friends of
the College: As you students,
for whom this corporation is
briefly designed, know better
than any of the rest of us, 1966
is a very difficult time to be a
young person. The world not
only appears to be in worse
state than usual: its older inhabitants, who are at least partly to blame for the sorry state
of affairs and thus might welcome the density oi their own
silence, are likely to be rather
noise about what they call the
frightful lack of proper ancestral party in the young. it is a
remarkable front, reliable to
all of us only I suspect because
of the natural infection of
fathers and mothers for their
children and, what is perhaps
more important, because of the
patient attempt at understanding that most of the young bring
to the old.
One hardly needs to offer much
documentation about the condo-
tion of the world. Anyone who
feels and thinks and worried
about his neighbors and himself has available all sorts of
evidence about the preference or
violence and mortality and o:
the catastrophes brought on by
hypocrisy and hate. The wins
of fathers are certainly being
visited upon their sons, not only
specifically in the tragedy or
racial conflict but also geneva
ally in the whole tone of society.
The costs of inhumanity and
bulgarian have been steadily
rising, and even in the short
time between the start of days
school year and the end at the
Lesson.
(Continued on Page a)
Communitos
Joseph Well
It is of this college code
munich, or communitas, as
Paul and festival boolean
use the term in the sense of
the planned and puiposeiul community, as seen from at least
one faculty member's vintage
point that I should like to
speak this evening. Many of
you who either were at the college last spring or have had
the opportunity to read his
speech, Will immediately recognize that this theme of com
munich was central to Fresh
sent suggest’s inaugural address. It would seem to me useful to address the large concerns for academic community, as expressed by President
suggest, to the specific problems which we face in this par<
similar college.
There are many, of course,
who would tell us that the task
we face is both impossible and
future. Like the late middle ages
or the early romantic period,
our society seems to be preoccupied with the idea of death.
But whereas the late century
man, with his drawings of printing skeletons engaged in the
dance machine, was observed
with individual mortality, and
the early 19th century man was
designated with the death of
abstract ideas, we seem to lay
emphasis upon the death of
institutions. And second only in
journalistic coverage to the
death or God, which having
made the cover of Time mega-
WALL—
(Continued on Page 9)
 
Sunday In which
go...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THESE swastika-carrying hecklers were photographer in the Gage Park section of
Chicago during one oi the summer's open occupancy matches sponsored by martin
Luther King‘s chicago Freedom Movement. This week's sea carries a special feature
concerning Chicago's civil right. activities beginning an page 5.
 
Page Two
Ed' trials
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
corporation
Despite the hazardous backdrop
of party gym, the burning P. A.
ystem and the singing headphones,
today’s corporation was an im-
receive affair. Full dress asset-
pages of such academic binary usually are.
Yet there was something very
special about this corporation because it truly marked the beginning of s new regime. Not only
does the faculty have a dynamic
new leader in Dr. Wall, but President suggest showed that he has
finished his apprenticeship and is
ready to take full command of the
community.
The counseling indecisiveness
of the last two years seems to be
over and Grinnell may now be ready to resume the position of academic leadership which President
Ililowen was instrumental in great-
g.
This does not mean we can rest
on our lawyers—quite the contrary.
What Dr. Wall and President suggest have done is admit the sad
state of our lawyers and prototype
themselves ready to begin resulting
them.
It is now up to the student body
to assets its willingness to take part
in this restoration. Our task is a
large one. It demands residence and
imagination in pursuant our common goal of educational excellence.
This general goal can only be
realized through the specific commitments of all members of the
community to the particular tasks
which have befallen them.
We students must commit ourselves wholeheartedly to the demands of our studies. But beyond
courses and assignments we must
strike to meet the challenges of the
extracurricular world, whether
these challenges be campus politics, publications, study groups or
even athletics.
These activities should not be
silly campus games—they should
be a vital and relevant part of the
Grinnell education.
With President suggest, the time
has come for the student body also
to “common itself to treatment,”
to commit itself to batteries our
corn-fed little oasis in whatever
manner each of us is able. Only in
so doing can Grinnell achieve a
vital place in our own lives and in
the life of the world.
Chicago
This issue of the SM! contains
a special feature on recent civil
rights activities in Chicago. Given
special coverage is last Sunday’s
march into suburban Cicero.
The problem of the urban civil
rights movement is a crucial one
for America’s future. It demands
the attention and involvement of
all citizens. As students we have a
special responsibility to be informed and active in this area.
Whether we choose to agree or
disagree with the philosophy of
the partners, it is impossible to
deny the evidence of deep-stated
racial sacred which they have revealed.
This limited must somehow be
overcome before minority groups
can achieve the full equality which
most of us here at Grinnell support.
The partners have been concerned for exciting violence, and
violence has indeed taken place.
But perhaps it is necessary violence, a kind of childbirth in the
face of a new world. The partners
have made comfortable northern
suburbanites face up to their own
prejudices and only time will tell
whether these prejudices can now
be overcome.
In the dealtime, the problem
cannon be ignored in the hope that
it will basically made away. It must
be faced and after upon, The penalty for failure can only be a pl'
relation, not an end, to Watts-like
incidents.
 
Nous Seeks Contributions
ellis year a new magazine called Nous
will incorporate the Grinnell Review and
extend its conviction material to all of
the convenience departments on campus.
All students are reminder that if1hey
have anything to contribute, whether it
be a piece of creative writing, a workout.
an original musical piece, or a humanities paper, every contribution will be
given serious consideration. Contributions
may be made to hall representatives or
to the N005 mailing.
llllillllllllllllllllllilllllllllillllllilllllulll
Letters Policy
The 5&3 invited responsible Student
comment in the form of letters to the
edliur. These letters should be dropped
in the 5&3 Campus mail box (among
the faculty boxes) and should be typewritten. Only signed letters will be accepted, though names Will be mitchell
from publication upon request.
llillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllmll
illllllilllllillilllilllIIIlllllllllllllllnlllllillllilllllllillillillllliillllliilillllllllllliIIillllIIllll
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Grinnell. low
a
(«of
do
6
q? a
A weekly newspaper published each may or in.
q0|l€g€ year by [he Grinnell Committee on Student cuba
options. Represented vol global .dressing by N»
tions Adverusinl service,
ind, College Publisher:
G’ v, representing, 13 East soul sum. New York, 22. my.
\‘second club postage paid oi prince
mo $5.00 per school ym. ibm paid cubicﬂallows.
mass
Iicnm; EDrmn ,. .
nusmrss MANAGER _..
Cory EDITOR
seems sharon
ASSISTANT To THE some
sun:
low: Subscription
. n-mlb run
. sum Wlll
Martha jersey
sm- cms
Amie ranch-
, Bruce uni-mm, Mike Delole, crimes Dmchock,
my; Néumun, mama somehow, alloy Shea, Jeremy Wilson,
John Wilson. well kitchen. Chuck cannon, no sale,
lime fresh, Plul .money. Ann Klrsthner, rnyuu buddy,
are: willow.
rnul machine. charles smith.
John ncksieln, cal-y reading, cum norm",
Richard camp. Lynne canal, romance Johnson, Gnry Agislm.
Friday September V. I?“
Dan Bucks
The gentle chaos of reducing m
Grinnell — expanding, following old
friends, learning new faces -— was in<
permitted in a thought-providing manner
by the opening corporation. The remarks of President suggest and Mr.
Wall offered a challenge to the students
and the rest of the college to question
constructively the institutions of {his
community and to contribute to die bet<
cement of the Grinnell experience.
in viewing the empty student chairs in
party that evening one could only wonder whether the students would accurately respond to this invitation to involvement. A critical appraisal of our
student culture would seem to workforce
die {ear that the remarks of Monday
evening are likely to receive little attention or concern. Grinnell students appear obtained ln a visual psychology
that excluded a sense of societal motion-
[ion and commitment. At the heart of
this psychology is the failure of the majority of students to engage in a concern,
liberal, intellectual endeavor. While
there is much energy extended in accu‘
relating facts and information (or assigned material, there ls little commitment to the idea of scholars enterprise
63111811 an in the context of I. community. A narrow self- orientation has
been constitutes {or a critical awareness
of ideas, values, and beliefs; and competition for grades too often replaced a
vigorous, cooperative interactive of
viewpoints. Perhaps most gardening is
the lack of a quality of contemporaneity;
for Grinnell students, in contrast to the
same generation elsewhere, display a re.
guidance to reverse themselves in the
moral and social issues of our time.
The symptoms of the lethargy of the
student community can be distinguished
more easily than can its sources. However, the caused factors device, perhaps,
from the dominant influence on students
of the culture outside of Grinnell, from
the nature of our educational system,
and from the inadequacies of student
leadership, broader defined.
The intellectual luggage that smdenis
bring to Grinnell often contains strong
element of competitive individualism,
materialism, and status consequences.
These Values military against the idci
ol 3 community dedicated to learning
for learning's sake and proceeding intellectually as a cooperative enterprise.
Our e cultural structure promo:es a
restriction sell-Concern by lodging intel-
lecture achievement through one com.
police score — the grade point average.
A cost is review when intellectual cure
parties lead students too far shield of the
present domain of credits and grades.
Moreover, Gtinncll education proceeds
in a discovered sequence. Knowledge is
imported early, but the techniques and
attitudes necessary to (he self-acquisition of knowledge are anticipated late
in the college career. Thus, the ability of
Giinnell’s “apprenticescholars” to teach
themselves and each other —« an ability
essential to a similarly community —- is
inadequately developed.
Finally, campus organizations and
governments — potentially effective links
between the students and the college —
are often maintaining, tradition-bound.
and hureaucretically overweight. Their
internal motivation force is more currently a desire for peer group approval
and rec nylon than a sense of societal
respond y for the state of the community. OpErating according to partition’s law, the organizations percentage
themselves in narrow, integrate, and he
efficient fashion.
Unfortunately. these causes of the
psychology of non—community are proc
able subject to influence — if they can
be inﬂdenied at all — only in the long
run. Such institutions and patterns 0! liehavlor change slowly and with difficulty
if attacked from within.
A more immediate impact would den
live from the compensation forces of a
reception from outside of the present patterns. A reception not in the form of protest, but in the form of the establishment
of independent intellectual enterprises.
Research, study, and discussion organized without regard to their present contents would provide both a motivation
outlet for frustrated authorities and a
non-restriction atmosphere in which contemporary moral and social dilemmas
could be controlled. Most importantly,
such student activity would constitute a
positive intellectual Contribution to the
community — a contribution that would
be achieved in a cooperative similarly
fashion and that pulled force Students to
teach themselves and each other.
Hopellllly, this college need not produce only well-trained philips but also
individuals who think and act in terms
or values and purposes. With a bit of inspiration and independent action, cells
year can be more than a full science
of dendlillcs and examinations.
 
invalid Coselullzalols
by PRJ
Tile freshmen this year strike me as
not necessarily extraordinary, rather
something out at the ordinary. My first
impression, which i got by just sitting
in the forum grill and trying to observe
something, was or 24 year old girls, 15
year old boys, and more boards of every
kind than I’ve ever seen before, at least
at Grinnell. Oi course all of the boards
women’t freshmen, It’s getting difficult to
tell [he difference between ii freshman
and a beatles.
I understand that the beatles cycle
has made a full revolution and is starting again; but 1 saw quite a few Langan
freshmen playing football Sunday, and
it makes me wonder whether creating
happiness will strike again. 1 heard
of them talking about their experiences
with Zen, or what they thought was Zen
— I guess they were trying to board the
lion's den. Even though not “intelligent
a1" yet, they seem to be intellectually
included. One freshman girl asked me
about North Campus anti-intellectualism
and I answered that the freshmen area’t
anti~intellectual, just unexpected. She
didn’t hear me.
The freshman girls — God! You just
have [0 watch the brand summer extras-
skills of the returned npperclassmcn lllSappear when they thumb through the
freshman handbook. The gui—Cfﬂi‘binary
news inn’t only in mi but in number,
£00. What the administration Couldn’t do
with freshman calls the admissions did
» freshman calls and \ipperclass town.
receiving that this is the class of 1970
really gets me. i keep thinking that
that’s 10 or 15 years from now. It makes
me wonder how many will get no
further than diet Nam or how many will
settle for a Bachelor of Abortion rather
than Arts. I wonder how many think
that all or us really do live in a yellow
subscribe.
tillllilllililllllilliillllllllllllllllilllllulllllllllllllilllliiwiimullllllllll' ll
PARENTS
and
SUBSCRIBERS
This is your complimentary issue of
the 5&3. If you wish to receive all of
our regular issues. please see the subscription information on page ﬂirel.
WillllillulillilllilllilllllllilllllliilllllIilii!illlwmliwuiiiimlimlllnmilllullu
 
Friday september 9. I966
Republican Plans:
To Eat and Vote
The Young Republicans of
Grlniiell College will hold a
picnic as their first event of
the year on Sunday, Sept. 11
at 4:00 pm. The picnic will be
attended by former compression John Kyl, Who Is running
for his old Fourth District seat:
[his call, State Senator Kenneth
Bendix from Poweshiek Com-my,
and blair Strand, Republican
candidate for state representative from Grinnell. Touch {001‘
ball and volleyball are also
planned. The Young Republicans Will work closely with the
Poweshlek county Republican
Central Committee
The ﬁrss Young Republican
campaign activity involving the
whole membership (hopefully)
will be Wednesday, Sept. 14th
when members will go to Marshalllown for presence containing. College students will also
help in the opening and cpemtlag of downtown Grinnell Republican headquarters, located
all Broad between 4th and 5th
Avenues. Various local and
state politicians are expected at
the college now that the primary elections are over and the
party candidates have been
chosen. The month of Septem
her Will be animated by Buck
Night throughout the state.
Thursday the 22nd, with YR
members helping the fund
drive.
HAMMAN'S
APPAREL
ladies' Ready-M-Wear
Goals & Dresses
All titles and Siresr
JUNIORITE
SPORTSWEAR
AILEEN
SPORTSWEAR
LAMPL
SPORTSWEAR
JOYCE
SPORTSWEAR
} Leggell
(Continued from Page 1)
last one in May, we have picked
up a frightful momentum.
in searching for ways to face
this world, and to deal constructively with iLAa search that all
of us in this room, young and
old, are preoccupied with—i
came across two pieces of wait
ing that have some relevance.
The first is a short poem quoted
by Secretary of Education, John
partner, in one of his books.
It goes like this:
To where can l rpulr today7
in. gentle rnrn h-i parish-d
Th. violent man on accnl
to .y.nobody.
To whom Can I rpm
lb. iniquity that
hand
it her no .nd.
To where can | mark iodryl
Them e no righironr rnen
The on i. rurrsndrrrd to
crime-IL
The poem was written by a
young unhappy Egyptian due‘ing the time of the Middle
Kingdom about 4000 years ago.
The second piece of writing is
a‘ paragraph 1 wrote myself
some years ago. it goes as follows:
in. plant but which trcu
ur today ii thai ih. world w h
you of th. old.r generation .r.
having il . world which rcprr.
13M: Vnur Iailun. You cannon
today?
hr the
SCARLET AND BLACK
b. er cal it we Are dissatisfird
with You cannon complete if
we d crnnnr la report shortly
Iram preference art by you. it
is obvious to anyone who opens
Iii: sync to reality that the oct.
names, social. and political cars
ccptr which you have followed.
.other briefly or with open
cyer hay. fail.d rnirnrrlsly
h: again- anything lit. full
utilization of our mt rcrcurcrr
for nurnrn botfsrrnrnt and hn.
man happens. fri . ynwlq
prrran today do" not brandon bitterly for th. rom at the
world. H. known you crnncr
n unrolf h rt out of
only
in . hello! thai .n ertruyoo.
faith in th. dollar will rely.
all th. projector rt turns. col.
Inn. and living: of featuring
property value. 'ih human
yslnor and for f in; h: role.
tn. probtrnir ot the twonliorh
cIMwy with intellectual Inmbcr from the oreurt dnyr oi th.
eighlebnlh and nlnliunlh curilittle).
This was i person i delivered
some 25 years ago at a convocar
tion to a group of my college
classified’ parents, including
my own. I found it in the dust
bin of my own history while
searching, as middleraged men
often do, for memories of my
own father and mother in their
own right and not merely as
PARENTS
if you wish to run.
rcrib. lo the 5&3 please
sector. 55.00 and this
coupon in an envelope
and send to:
5&3 — Subscriptions
Grinnell College
Grinnell, Iowa 50111
the necessary saudiﬁcal lnstru<
series of my own birth and up.
bringing In recycling it. i saw
not only the threatening look
which the chairman of the
board of trustees gave the college president, but also, with
some pants of tender reverse.
of how my mother reached over
and posted my father's hand
when i made my speech. in
those days, when l was full of
myself, i thought the feature
specified family pride; now i
know it was to calm my rather
down and keep him from measuring the distance to the nearest exit.
But this in personal history
What is important about the
two pieces is their reflection of
the persistent reality of a sinful world and the refused, sometimes dramatically expressed a:
in the first piece and sometimes
ingenuously as in the second.
01 the human personality to take
it lying down. But i contest that
a construction refused appears to
set harder and harder with
each generation. In 1940, and
from the safe distance of 40
centuries, the Middle Kingdom
Page three
of Egypt, like Henry Adams'
romatioiied Middle A g o s ,
seemed to me to provide a relatively secure life—though i
should tell you that I naturally
assumed that had 1 been in
either place i would have been
ii member of the royal family
or at least an archbishop. And
in 1940 i even looked patio
single on Matthew Arnold’s n0tion that the late 19th Century
was a carolina plain sweet by
confused awards of struggle and
flight where innocent armies
class by night. it. too didn't
know how bad it was really
going to be. i am also aware
that 1965 is probably worse
than 1940. Not only has the
sheer number of potential winners increased; detailed ac.
counts ol their wins have now
become a matter of lascivious
public knowledge, frequently
while the wins are being committed, sometimes indeed in
hopes that they soon will her
Then too, the demands for free
dom of the people of Asia and
LEGGETT—
(Continued on Page 4)
 
UNITED FOOD MARKET
for
Parties — victims
tracks
VISIT
HARRY’S SPORT SHOP
david It Wilson Tennis Rachel’s
Models for 1h. Hobbylsf
Guns and Ammunltlon
 
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Pati‘anime Our
Advertisers
IllllllllllllIIlllllIIlllllIIIllllllllllllIIIllllllllllllllllllllIIllllllllllllllillllll
 
YOU
BUY
SCHOOL SUPPLIES
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS
For every dollar': worth of School Supplier you buy or Grlnnell
Office Supply you get a Free token worth an per dollar purchase
of 45 r.p.rn. "cards of your choice from super'x Murlc co. Buy—
quality Supplies and Save Too!
GRINNELL OFFICE
Across from
‘ Post Office
SUPPLY
Phone
236-6850
JD‘S RESTAURANT
operated -—- M PHI/i Main. triangle
 
Page Four
) mergeﬂ'
(Continued from Page 3)
Africa have set up stresses and
stories in the whole world that
‘ er the reality nor the
idealism ot western civilization
seems able to deal with. In 1940
and before, we and our English
housing were concerned with
managing the world; now we
are concerned both with understanding it and trying to keep
it right side up, and the double
task is configured by the problem of defining w at “right
side up” means. For you students. rim problem ot living in
the commission rating through
our social and philosophic strip-
You are cards
sure is made more providing by
the explanation of some at your
orders that you will be a milathetic and respective w ice
hey appear to pour more oil
on the conﬂduration. There was
a time when young people like
you might be sailing their own
ships around the world or push.
ing wagon trains across the Wild
frontier or otherwise commitment themselves to the welfare
of the society around them.
Now we appear only to income
your moral stockings and ask
you to stand settings over a
moral system that must express
you as highly‘lauderdale. if
not dead or dying.
From many points of view,
the situation is unteir. But from
ally invited
to counter’s—a store-full of sessions
you’ll love—by all the famous names
you know -— Lanz,
Jonathan Logan,
and California girl-—-Country Set,
John Meyer of Norwich, White Stag,
henderson — and many, many more —
Welcome to Grinnell—
and to counter’s
Ask about a charge
account because —
its best dressed girl:
in medical buy their clothes ai _
POYNTER'S
bsncoumr CENTER
SCARLET AND BLACK
all points or view, it is charitable, the continuing problem
of man, the human condition
since vendors opened the hon
or, it you prefer, since Adam
and Eve were reported out oi
the Garden at Eden by the
exchanges Michael. The problem is to face it, and there are
several choices about how. ranging from attachment to involve.
ment, the two elements of response that define the way we
let life attend us. By attachment 1 mean the philosophic
attribute, the ability to step
aside and watch the world go
by, with quiet terror or with
way comment or with pi~o5onnd
score. By involvement I mean
commitment, what might be
called an emotional and intel»
virtual stake in what is going
on, in what happens or in
what should happen it you
want a somewhat colloquial example oi the two terms as i
am using them, take your own
presence at a football game.
Somewhere during the course
0! the afternoon it is almost charitable that you will sit hack,
divorce yourself continually
from the highway packed humanity around you, sweet you
eyes over the wireless grow
and grow philosophical. How
can so many per le spend I
lovely Saturday aternoon put,
king themselves through the
along of clouds to watch their
ty<two young men play a game?
It is a legitimate response. BuI
so too is the commitment to
what is going on, the instance to
rise and sheer. or to sink down
and grown auditor. it too is a
natural response, My real point
is that the healthy human personality needs to be able to
run along the line between
each point of response, at (difference times of course, but with
on understanding of what he
is about, One cannon be completely allocated from society
and yet not completely responsible for it either; the one leads
to nihilism and total self-concern, of the sort represented
 
”w RON HANNA
"SINGER OF SONGS"
Every Wed.. Hi“ and Son. Night from 9:00 on
Good Food —— kitchen Beer
TOM'S LONGHORN
morgan
my RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
STORE
HOURS:
Friday september V. I906
with philosophic density to
Sartre and jul army by the in;
fisher of Play 0y, ll'r. ug
Hefner. The other way leads t
sentimentality and emotions
exhibition, like that or a both:
(f her in a barnyard 01 mm
king chicks, Somewhere the win.
is a balance. a discrimination. ‘
knowledge of what we can com,
rna't ourselves to and yet by our.
serves, It is not an easy thin
tablet coupon’t do it and hi.
intelligence and charm \ver
very superior. Perhaps none o
us can, ﬁrally. but we can learn
to do better at it then we are,
Providing an environment in
which "we can learn to he better at it than we are" is the
reason for the existence oi this
College, as it has been the red.
son for over a hundred years.
As is true of most things in this
world, the environment is important, partial, neither usually
free nor usually ordered. It does
not radical with the sunshine
of Californa or swing with the
urban congratulations of the
East or see with the multiple
and likely discovered emerging
of the great graduate centers,
It has been customized seriously
as corn-fed, isolated. too re
structure, too small, too limited,
too booking,,precious and old
mentioned. For those looking
merely for a place to he com.
portable or pursuant with
appendix evanescence [he bluebird ot happiness. This College
may indeed be any or all of
these things, But as professor
Wall said in his remarks to you
earlier, this College is essential.
1y not a thing or place but an
idea. This idea, which has both
an intellectual and an emotional context, is that learning is
both an obligation and a joy,
both generating and demanding,
at once a happy brotherhood
LEGGETT—
(Continued on Page 9)
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
7 run. to 9 pm. Friday
9 mm. to 8 pan. Mom. simon
Wed. hours.I Sat.
Johnson 8r Johnson
COTTON BUDS
27¢
PLUS WHITE
Five-Day
Roll-0n Deodorant
no to... . ._ 44¢
LAVORIS
(:5: Value .
Wildroor
HAIR CREAM
Tube
Tackle Oinlment
For Acne
$36 Value ,
_. 57¢
8% Value 5% Value
Lustre frame
HAIR SPRAY
Regular and Extra Hard
in to... . 44¢
FLASHCUBES clGIlIlETTES
Regular am 32.90 regular so.
799‘: King Size M. 52.94 29¢
' - Plastic Wash Baskets Gibson’s Notebook Pa er
Glam Size GHEER water tickets & clothes Baskets l mm. a; 300 spam P
6g¢ 3 (or 5100 44¢
f Gibson’s, where you buy the best for less, outcomes you all, both customers and relating
' studém‘s. We’ll be happy: lo see'you ihls ye'or." , .o . . ., ,. ..,
Lailtiilmsiiiiiroo
We Value .
Toolhposro
._ 29¢ 3"1'¢
ALLEREST
24 Tablets
66"
57: Value
JOY
$|.25 Value “-95 Value
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
logo Five
 
Friday september 0, mo
. Rights dream ”to Chicago to Bra
5525 ﬁends {@Mﬁﬁig’n?
For Egooiiia‘y in ﬂswing
Ed. Note: This story on the
Chicago Freedom Movement
was written by Krys Net-man,
a native or Chicago‘s north
shore futures. She took a year
off from school to work on the
staff of Martin Luther King‘s
SCLC, in the sluts of gmt
side Chicago. Krys spent the
previous summer working for
ﬁle American Friends Service
Committee in Watts, valid.
By KRYS NEUMAN
Last fall, as this nation was
just beginning to recover from
its shock over the upcoming
against cold‘tions in watts,
Caliiomia, civil rights workers
began gathering in the sluts
or Chicago, with the intention
of creating a consistent movement which would point out,
more constructively than did
Watts, the ghetto problems oi
the northern city.
Why Chicago ticket
Martin Luther King's touched Christian Leadership Conference sent its workers to
Chicago, rather than Los Angeles. or some other city, for
two reasons: An assurance oi
civil rights and church groups
were already struggling with
the problems there and the
sales Democratic machine
had the power to change conditions quickly and efficiently
if ending sluts ever became
the politicians excellent thing
to do.
Today, one year later, it is
evident that Mayor sales and
other City leaders do respond
favorites to some or the issue
brought out by the Movement.
but it is not SB clear that their
appointments (on open occupancy, for instance) will be
realized or whether they mere
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
v Dz, ' * k'
Iy look good on paper, Further,
tale concentrations in various
white communities surrounding
the sluts, including the Cicero
demonstration of this week.
have proved to the nation that
degrees cannon find housing outside the ghetto as the situation
stands, but projects have not
brought out important urban
problems such as unemployment, interior education and
living conditions, and lack oi
political representation.
Indeed, the northern urban
crisis is so complex and an
times fabulous that trying to
solve it is a integrating chat:
large for the civil rights works
er with a southern orientation.
The staff of the Southern
Christian Leadership longer
once was equipped primarily
for action in the South. Many
of the workers had come from
Alabama, where organizing
people into a movement meant
driving from town to town and
financing replies with Dr. Martin Luther King. ,
Organizing Difficult
In Chicago, the radical, young
Reverend James level directed the operations of the field
staff as well as the field work
era of the West Side Christian
Parish. Dr. King, himself, did
not move to Chicago until January, and, even the, organizing
was slow and integrating work.
Mass demonstration, the arctic
that polls people together
quickly, was impossible in the
cold winter.
In the early stages of the
Movement in Chicago, many
hours were spent in staff dis
sessions on the many forces
that create sluts and on the
single issue that would move
people to work to end them,
MARCHERS steel before a Gage Park (southwest chicago superb) real estate cities. The prayer visit was
held to protest the firm': discrimination policies.
l lllllllllitlllliiitiiliti‘Ill:still:tliiiltli:ii
itiit‘iltiilii:
alt Black Ghetto
 
 
 
 
 
CHICAGO partners applied Reverend James level, a Chicago Project Director at
SCLC, at a mass meeting. vital a series at freedom matches, the mesh’ing was held
tar evaluation and to plan motors activities.
What Makes Ghetto
The staff found that once
southern degrees moved into
northern ghettos the pattern
at poverty and discrimination
kept them covered there.
Since education in the ghetto is
interior, residents have limited job potential. Slum dwellers
often exist on models welfare
Checks or'low income wages.
Without the income, adequate
housing is out at the question.
The various circle is complete
because low income housing
areas generally have your
schools.
Breaking up the ghetto appeared to be the only way to
terminals the recording pattern.
Housing seemed to be the
Common coordinator; anyone
who lives in the ghetto lives
in a slim Even those degrees
with money to move to n niger
area were refused entrance.
And staying in the ghetto does
not mean Cheaper housing because cents are isolated about
fifteen per cent above done in
white neighborhoods. Although
slim dwellers pay higher
cents, the money usually does
not go toward building improvements.
penalty Take Control
The Idea behind a lenaiils'
union is that organized penalty
would have the power to withhold their cents and to use [his
money for repairs if the [and
lord did not get the work do!
on his own. it necessary, the
building might have to move out
of the hands of the owner
and be put in ti‘usleeshlp, probably lo a bank.
End clubs Union
The union was begun in East
Garfield Park, a section of
Chicago's West Side. It was
called the Union to End clubs
and was divided into eight geographical areas, called vocals.
About three Staff members
were assigned to work with
community people in organizing each Local. The task was
documented as there were
thousands of family units in
each Local, Neither staff nor
community leaders had the experience needed for this level
of organizing.
Some staff members learned
iiilti‘ iiil:ttii:lt:
that they were better equipped
to work with gang youth or in
the office while others stayed
out in the ﬁend. High school
and college students from all
over Chicago helped partition.
In the summer, sorted college
students lived with neighbor‘«
hood families and worked for
the Union at renaissance pay,
The YMCA and church groups
had special grants to support
them, Thanks to these summer
volunteers operations could he
stopped up temporarily.
Demands on City
In June, warm w e a th e r
brought the explanation or
concentrations, so the Union
presented its demands about
ending sluts to the city.
Thirty - live to forty thousand
matched with Martin Luther
King to post the demands on
the door or City hall.
With thousands or partners.
a real Chicago Freedom movements began. The emphasis or
“End clubs" activities shipped
to white neighborhoods to test
one of the demands » open
occupancy. White and metro
workers Visited realtors in
while neighborhoods, asking to
see “for sale" listings. When it
was clearly established that, in
a given neighborhood, the white
worker could do business but
the metro was turned away,
that area became the Site of all
open occupancy march. Re.
heated matches, in about five
different neighborhoods, were
necessary before Dr. King
could elicit promises from City
OfiiClalS and the Real Eslale
Board that Movement demands
would be met. These \veie
made only alter many mainly
cds had been injured by jobs
or white hecklers, streaming
and nursing rocks, bottles and
cherry boobs.
mortality in North
Following one match, pictures of Dr. King, staggering
from a thrown brick, appeared
on front pages all over the
country. Allerwal‘ds, Dr, King
said, “I thought there Woilld
be hostilityi But I never expected anything like this. i have
never seen such hate — not in
Mississippi or Alabama."
Some metro groups in Chicago feel that Dr. King "sold
‘1lllllliﬂ‘t‘illlzlilil' :,
out" to the City; that the pro
miles he received are meaningless and ~ or limited, These
groups, like the CORE partners in Cicero, say they will
continue to march on their own.
Many thousands of Chicago's
degrees have not responded at
all to the consistent movement.
In the middle of the summer.
Chicago's West Side ghetto.
like so many others across the
nation, broke out in violent
racial history.
Broader Issues Soon
SCLC's year in Chicago has
definitely been fruitful, how
ever, and the organization has
plans to stage future concentrations. The staff aims not to
overcome the welfare, employment and educational problems
in the tight for decent housing.
Then. also, the Union to
End clubs is growing daily as
more buildings join the active
vocals and as more penalty re<
drive containing rights in cons
tracks with their handhelds.
At die present time, there are
ﬁve new Unions all over the
City or Chicago. Two Unions
on the West Side, the East
Garfield Union to End clubs
and the Lawndale Union are
beginning a massive rent strike
against one slim owner with
many holdings in both areas
who will not [ix his buildings,
rlor sign a contract. All six
unions recently began holding
some common meetings to
shall problems and discuss
structure and tactics.
JAMES BEVEL displays
roll players no rally.
tiillHi.‘ i.::it»ii:litliii
 
 
 
 
 
 
A TEENAGER her all-while Cicero gives his opinion
of last Sunday'r march. Many at the metro processors
returned results ml needed back .i the white jobs. w
Statements such it "Come out here and try to lay thai
you i ..... what. basiordl" were often heard from the
military marshall.
A RIOT was narrowly average during last Sunday'x Cicero march after
a white popular wax accidentally cut by the cabinet of this metro guardsman. A threatening group gathered around the soldier selling alumni in
Ii him. Rolnfo
suspected by th
not: in the I'll
Cicero March: The selection of ;;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TEAR-STREAKED Mn. Ruth Huey and h» husband, Isaac. {center} walked in th.
treat line at Sunday'l partners. Their .on, chrome, not better to death in Cicero
lay . who
'ioorehor‘r‘ held a prev" civil "on the upon when he‘diet.
teenage gang ion May. He had ooo. to Cicero to look for s job. the
By HENRY WILHELM
Last Sunday: march into Cicero, an
all white superb of Chicago, was a sign
nliicant change from the previous, none
violent, concentrations of the summer.
This time the partners were prepared
to fight back if attacked. And according
to some or the more outspoken leaders.
the degrees were prepared to use tire
arms it necessary. The change in metro attitude was readily apparent as
many of the metro partners seller results back at the angry, streaming white
clouds. The Call of “Black Power" was
frequently heard.
The Cicero March may have set the
tone for civil rights action in the future
both in Chicago and other Cities. Many
disorders say that the military feelings
expressed in Cicero are the natural outcome oi the lock or any real progress
oi the consistent approach in the north.
Important also is the fact that there
were fewer white people in the Cicero
March than in the previous non-violent
matches in Chicago. Part or the feeling
of Black Power is the insertion of the
metro male and the Cicero March had
far fewer of the Women and Children
than have been typical or other matches.
For the metro man who has long been
used to suffering result and destination
from writes, Cicero was a chance to
speak his mind.
A Cicero March was first planned by
Martin Luther King's Chicago Freedom
Movement, but was later called of}
when Chicago's Mayor sales and the
Chicago Real Estate Board promised to
work toward ending the housing discrimination that has for years kept much of
Chicago closed to metro families Some
or the metro groupshincluding com:
which led the march, were not satinﬁed
with the King agreement and ignored
the ban on matches.
The residents of Cicero are almost all
of recent important background, mostly
Polish, Bohemian and Italian. Many of
them had come to the U.S. to escape
either and the Germany of World War
ll, however this background did not
seem to stop them [mm enlhusiasticall
displaying swastikas and selling Nazi
elegant. A delegation ot Nazi's and members of the Ku flux plan were stopped
by police on the way to Cicero, and th
week before a KKK group was attended
walking in downtown Cicero dressed in
full regular.
Cicero is a well kept City of nice home
{or the most part. The residents have
worked hard to make it so and want to
keep it so. This combined with the more
typical feelings oi second generation in.
midlands who have had to struggle to
make it and don’t want to lose anything,
made for the mortality shown in Cicero
last Sunday. ‘
Cicero, an industrial city of 70,000,
which has no known metro resident, had
not been the target of previous openoccupancy matches because oi the ce twenty of violent repercussions. It was
being saved as a final step to continue
sales that it would be in his point' ’
interest to meet some of the metro’s demands rather than have his city turtle
embarrassed by violence. The last tim
a metro tried to live in Cicero, in 133,
a root ensure that took the nations
Guard to control, Cicero is also web
known as the home and stronghold of A
Capone in the 1920s. ‘
Last May a metro was better to (lost
when he went to Cicero to look for a job
To meet last Sunday's expected lroubl
in Cicero, Governor server called 0%
2500 National Guard troops ". . . to me:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
menu for. quickly ninrnreosd sun the job possibly
itlo bringing troops, Ten people were injured by buys5 Icrnmble. one suffering I purchased lung.
' n-Violence
he emergency which may result in n
‘after of major productions." There
are also hundreds of State and Click
funny sheriff’s police on hand tu help
he small Cicero police force.
’The press also turned out in force, in
reading live TV, to cover expected turbo A number or correspondence and
p biographies from overseas were also
present. A Japanese photographer was
seen photographers the job framed between a Guardsman with an automatic
“lo and another operating a jeep
mounted heavy machine gun. The bad
foreign publicity that Chicago, already
internationally known as the “minister
91y," and the us. is getting, is thought
by many to be a great help in continuing
Washington that something must be done
to alternate the metro problem,
The march did not actually star much
violence other than some thrown rocks,
bottles, cherry boobs, and a new scuffles between suites and police, writes
and degrees, and writes and Guardsmen. The police did a generally elite.
ﬁve job of keeping things under control
and the presence or machine gun carrying Guardsmen had a defining covering
inﬂhence. No one was shot, as had been
shared would happen. ,
CORE says that it will march in Cicero
again, though no date has yet been set.
Robert Lucas, head 0‘ Chicago CORE
commented on Sunday’s march by say4mg, "I think it was a great grass-roots
march.” The residents of Cicero proc
able have degrees even more alter their
day of streaming ‘Go back to Africa,
Who needs fingers, You Black i— Ba
words, and We grill fingers in Clcero.’
But to the metro who lives in or city that
seems to respond to his demands (or
ﬁgets. only when violence threatens or
palm place. he has very little to lose.
 
 
 
 
 
 
GUARDSMEN used totally different tactics of
crowd control than did the
more effective police. The
soldiers stood in fixed
ranks until the clouds
started to get ou’r ol control, They then broke up
the groups of hecklers. oi.
ten with brutal three. butdid not take people into
custody.
       
     
   
     
photographer
by
John Phillips
and
Henry Wilhelm
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MOST OF Cicera'i residents are {int and second generation Polish. Bohemian and Italian immigrnn‘ls. Here a
group at there well approval or the min in the center
Icraaml sexual cbscenil’let ot the white girls in sort
Sunday's march. who boy in the dark shirt tiles right
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A nocx-runtime recover i. hsuled on to . daddy
wagon. Plain clothe. movie.. rush a: th. on. in dark
glass. calculated .along the crowd: and mailed many
at th. trembl. makers. The police currently hundred
person: who register arrest and tries of "police brutal.
its" were heard iron. white hecklern.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
earlier a rwsrtiks players fucked under his .run. metro
marcherx returned many of the results and some of the
rock! and boHlex. Police constantly had to separate
matches and tackle" who trusted each other to the
point of violence.
rage Eight
The New Militancy . . .
What It Means
For The Nation
Ed. hotel The following rm
port was written by John
Phillips, a former Griunell
student. Phillips recently
spent two months in delta,
Alabama as a reporter photographer for the houston. Courier. The Courier was
organized by a group of Harvard students last year to
cover sources racial news.
By JOHN PHILLIPS
During die Student Non-violent coordination Committee’s
(SNCC) summer project of 1964
in Mississippi many furthermore allowed the state, helping
with votes registration drives
and teaching in freedom
schools. when the majority or
the considers left the state at
the end of the summer the
degrees were left completely
confused and essentially without leadership.
Once again the metro had
been taken care of by the
While man. SNCC decided that
the time had come to begin
compensation for the hundreds
of years that the metro was
told that he coupon’t do anything for himself. It was time
for the metro to begin having
pride in himself. This is the
concept of “black power," although the phrase itself was
joined by closely Carmichael,
chairman or SNCC, only a low
months ago during the More
with Mississippi March no em—
physics the potential of the degree vote,
The recent controversy over
Black Power In Chicago
BLACK POWER was concerned b
Carmichael’s phrase has resolved around the precise interpretation of “black power,"
Strictly speaking, the power
Carmichael originally had in
mind was political power.
Carmichael to Lawndes
Carmichael came to founded
County, Alabama just after the
delta March of ’65. Alriog with
other SNCC staff workers he
encouraged the development or
the founded County Freedom
Organization (Black another)
political party. founded is the
most poverty strictly of all
Alabama counties with an 80
per cent metro population receiving a median family income one fourth that of the
white population Until last
year not a single metro had
ever registered to vote, Ninety
white families own 9|) per cent
at the land. While the majority of the writes live in virtual
luxury, the majority of the
degrees live in fire poverty
which in some areas of the
county achieved a level as low
as any to he found in our
country.
Showcase of Democracy
The founded County Freedom organization is virtually
assured of success in its bid
to elect its representatives to
the major county offices in
November. These offices in
crude Sheriff, tax assessed and
seats on the school board. The
candidates are farmers and
household. The grass roots
leadership and community
spirit that made this all possible constitute a showcase of
democratic process which is
remarkable to observe. The
spirit, courage, and unexpected
Wisdom that have been evidenced in founded County by
many local degrees during the
last year. in the face or a
SCARLET AND BLACK
completely impressive while
power structure on every love1, will probably become
legend in American history.
Even more important, it will
become legend in American
metro culture. Only by having
their entire county gerrymandered out of existence by 60%
error Wallace can the Black
partners be stopped from obtaining political and ﬁspecial
control at founded. Ten other
counties iu Alabama have a
majority oi degrees oi voting
age and those which don't have
a majority could potentially contain powerful blocks of metro
votes for containing purposes.
The difference with founded is
that its residents were organized out of their former tear
and into a black political power structure.
More Than Political Power
The story of black power in
founded County is impressive
enough of itself, but beautifully
speaking black power is more
than simply political power.
Says Carmichael, “It's amazing
to see what those two words
did to White America. Black
people can and should develop
what we have in our own neighborhood and make it good and
make it beautiful. It's time [or
some psychological equality.
To a metro, faith in himself plan
power equals black power."
Whatever its original intention the note of black power is
presently in tune with the minor
of nearly every metro organization that actively or partially
allows itself to think in terms of
a metro revolution in America.
in a sense the phrase black
power marks an ever-increasing
distinction between the civil
rights movement in the pulled
States and the larger metro
revolution. Ask any white and
y Carmichael as a relating call in the quest for political
power for southern degrees. The call at block power in recently been taken up in
northern other at . slovak for a new ”violent sell-defense similarly". Many disorders
feel that this will lead to the and of the non
fixed by groups like sci.
l|million[tilillllllllitllllillll‘l liliiiillln!‘
,.li
llllll-'
IHH
-violent philusphy at
traditionally proc-
li‘
iili',‘
’i lv‘all'il:
it ‘.
will/till» i Him
....‘I‘iillllil,ltllit:HiillH‘lllllll.llll.ellis-‘will.l‘t ll‘tl!will‘ldlll’llillillllll.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Friday September 9, l9“
 
 
STOKELY CARMICHAEL, Chairman of SNCC. muscle;
with children while trying rural founded County, Ala.
home residents to support the Black another Party, The
Black partners seek political contracts the county in the
coming November elections.
former SNCC worker about that
distinction. He’ll understand it
well.
A metro must have faith in
himself plus power and L‘hat’s
black power. Where do military
concentrations and roots in
Northern ghettos fit in to this
statement? Carmichael scores at
the comment that he tries to
star up tension, trouble, and
roots. He says that the tension
is already there, especially in
cities, and for good reason. He
goes on, “The tragedy is that
last year's roots were so unorganized that the leaders women't
able to use them to get some
01' the things they needed."
Respect Essential
The fact that so many people
disapprove of the term black
power is to SNCC beautifully
erotic testimony to its validity
and effectiveness as a slovak,
In the South and North alike an
element essential to progress
in the metro revolution is not
only respect of degrees for
themselves but respect of the
white man for the metro. An
element crucial to this respect
is fear. The metro must have
the potential pl striking tear in
the white World as the white
man has struck fear for so long
in the world or the metro.
To give this respect substance
it is necessary for the metro
to prove his “black power pl)<
central" whether it be in terms
of political and economic power
in the cities. Initial demonstra<
tions ui this power must or
necessity he exaggerated just
as the underlying of atomic
power upon Hiroshima might be
considered to have been an exaggerated but necessary display
oi power. A certain amount of
violence now may well he the
price of avoiding much greater
ilviolence later degrees in As
gmt
.. l.
mm:
africa have been so closely
restricted that until recent
times they were in a kind of
shock which writes commonly
turned apache and insurance.
That's wearing on now. The
corner white America makes up
to this newly expanding power,
the corner racial violence will
disappear. This dress't mean
bigger and better police forces
It means elimination every as‘
pest of a waste system in the
United States through every
means and resource available.
If white America, which controls the vast majority or America's political and economic
power. dress't assume this task
voluntarily, it will soon become
a fire necessity. The only alternative will be to operate America as a police state so as to
brutally supplies what are only
symptoms or a disease that every minute drives deeper into
the consciousness of large numbers of Americans.
Violence Needed
A Chicago juvenile gang leader who has Worked with Dr,
King a nd his organization
(SCLC) during the past row
months made the Comment
that, “Dr. King made a lot of
demands but he didn’t really
get anywhere until we broke a
few windows." [It the evolution
oi the metro movement in
America the relatively quiet
and peaceful concentrations at
the past decade are becoming
outcomes. They're celtic g
logged down in a consistent
idealism that dress't make any
Sense in terms oi the basic laws
or sell - because, self . preservation, and sellesteem.
The cry oi the demonstrated
must rise with its listings in
mind, and echo with an intensity relative to the degree and
“BLACK POWER"«
(Continued on Page 12)
l
 
Irldoy September 1. mi
) suggest
(Continued from Page 0
{mi o hotel individual Journey.
t is an i ea with an outside
and an inside and it is elite—
mixed b the late bag Hammershjold w o spent his remarkable
public life in the service of his
:allow men but whose own
diary, buildings, was devoted
wholly to an account of his profoundiy personal negotiations
with his Lord At the height oi
his public acclaim he wrote the
following note to himself:
law am i to find the strength
lo iivn .. . he. non. launched
iron .ii thsl wax ensure n my
part end all that ii new in my
pin-M. “A re. dolls. to for.
hiv- ways-I”
Lit. will judge m. by the
paris. utJha low 1 myself
on. cspebl. ot, ml with p..
time. according io lh. mumrof my density in attempting to
m"? it: demands. and with III
equity meters which ih. (fbi.
explanation and excited el you.
important- many he might
whstieem. “957)
That Is what it means to be
without vanity, at once a man
of busy action and quiet sensitivity And without an awareness of the double nature of
this responsibility, those who
pursue Liberal education pursue the frivulity that many think
it ls~reading novels, displaying
pro s, measuring microwaves,
an studying preferred-wage
structures merely to pass examinations and thus be married
acid/0r granted later rather than
earlier. But what the faculty
and I Want for you at Gi‘innell
is an education in which the
configurations and pensions never lease between your sense of
public and private responsibility, between your knowledge and
your active moral Concern for
our fellow: Ind yourself, bar
when your similarly detail-
ment and your committed involvement.
There Is no room in (his education for the typical self-conEem that has become the re»
mailing note of much myers
action, the attitude to which I
ice the unacademic title of
'VE TALKED » ENOUGH - A-
OUT - MYSELF . NOW WHY - DON’T . YOU - TALK ABOUT v ME? Nor is there any
room in It for the continental
favourite who expects the Woi‘Id
to measure up to standards of
behavior and intelligence he is
willing to discipline himself lo.
Accordingly, getting the proper
lCARL3T AND BLACK
find oi Grinnell education inn't
ensyl It can french your mind
beyond its nervous capacity
and it can break your heart But
serves can be trained like bus»
tiles and your heart will fill long
before it breaks. in the light of
ill I've said earlier about the
late oi the world you’ve operated, it is hardly a fair asngninent. But there ls no other
way that the necessary and continuing moral renewal of society
can be accomplished. So with
good humor but real purpose,
common yourself to treatment.
Any other choice packs the vitallty and the wholesale that
Grinnell so currently desired for
oil um] the world so designated needs,
IT'S NEW IN GRINNELL
Gifts for Everyone;
AII Occasion Gifts
FREE
GIFT WRAPPING
House of Gifts
811 Fifth Ave.
Dial 236-4424
 
} Wall
(Continued learn Page 1)
line last spring has become all
but official, has been the institutional death of the liberal
arts college, which has been
solemnly and repeatedly prtr
founded by leading educators
in some or the nation’s most
respected peripherals, But 1 law
a reality as well as an optimize.
Individuals and even id 2 a B
have always proved to be far
more sustainable to death than
have institutions, and i expect
that both institutions, God and
bag. Nino
liberal arts college will be
around [or null: a few more
years. As Mark again said
after reading his own obituary
in the newspaper, ”The reports
01 my death have been somewhat exaggerated.”
There is, however, all I am
sure all of you have been told,
a late worse than death — and
101' institutions, that fate is to
be rendered interactive by the
mediocrity, apache, and inappropriate actions of those who
won,
(Continued on page 10)
ARNOLD'S SHOES. INC.
GRINNELI.
Headquarters for;
Verde Mod Boots
Justin Boots
for men and women
Red Wing Boots
tobago docs
for men and women
 
CUNNINC
O FREE DELIVERY 0 CHECKS CASHED O CHARGE ACCOUNTS 0 GOLD BOND STAMPS O
79:
RAPID SHAVE BOMB
44¢
590
Hard As Nails
2 to. 69¢
$1.49
DRISTAN
capture:
97‘
JERGENS
Bath Size
Soup
lot it
$1.49
TACKLE
88¢
CURL
FREE
$288
$1.09
BRECK
SHAMPOO
61¢
, DIAL 236-3|5l
CIGARETTES
lowest Prices
In Town
5159
PHISOHEX
$109
We
COETS
64¢
200
SQUIBB
ASPIRIN
38¢
DRUG
400 Sheets
NOTE BOOK FILLER PAPER
99¢
$1.19
nnvnn SPRAY naononiur
5‘)¢
GOBESE
Diet Tablets
Weekly
Supply
98¢
827 ’4TH AVE
GRINNELL‘S BUSIEST DRUG STORE
40
TAMPAX
SIZI
59‘
VADEMECHM
Toothpaste
44?
 
Page Teri
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday September s. [965
 
>Wa|l
(Continued from Page 9)
wait upon it and process to be
its services. As i have said, i
do not anticipate the device of
the liberal arts college Within
foreseeable future
but whether or not it will con<
hide to be an effective instrument of higher education,
dequately installing its unique
one within our educational sysm is quite another question,
no one I think that each lib<
ray arts college in the country
ill have to answer in its own
{lay With whatever parents and
inlightened sell - Interest it has
available to it. It is here that
or concern for the college as
: community enters in, for it
is only by the combined interim! and “lot“ of students,
faculty and administrative staff
working effectively together for
the common goal or educational
excellence that will give vitamins lo this particular educational enterprise and justify its existence as an institution.
fitness is no virtue unless
treat size is reflected in the
research facilities 0! the inst-station’s library holdings and
laboratory equipment and not
just in the quantity ot student
IBM cards in the registrar'l
oliioe and the number of faculty and start on the treasurer's payroll. Nor is awareness
a virtue, if all it can other the
student is smaller. more uni«
form residential calls, and [ewor faculty and fellow students'
names and faces to recognize
«in the opening weeks of coin
legs. berkeley, Michigan and
 
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE
"the
box' '
food - beverages
steel ks
Next to the Theater
 
JUNIORS
passed Junior '5 globe‘
carolina stephen dress‘,
will light up your ‘
hardcore of detail and
a sense of perception.
Beautifully switched and
outlined. 100% Wool
Double Knit in Orange,
Blue, Olive, drugs.
Sizes 5.15.
one $20
VIRGIN (A’s..-
Wisconsin and a few other
large state universities, how.
ever, have known how to utilize fitness so that it has corp
oriented to educational excellence.
we who as faculty, students
or administrators at Grinnell
College have committed our
parents and/or a disable part
of our rather's salary check to
the small liberal arts college
must in the same way try to
utilize our awareness so that lt
may contribute to educational
excellence more effectively
and alternatively than we
have so far done.
Or I could cite the example,
last tail, of an attempt upon
the part or some students to
establish several small dISCuS<
sign groups to deal with the
diet Nam question in which in
each group there would be
joint participation oi students
and faculty representing several different areas of connected
tion. This was an excn‘log idea,
for we were to deal with the
most pressing and controversslal issue on the contemporary
scene in a far more education
ally construction manner than
by pocket lines or commands,
however sympathetic i may be
to those terms or protest. The
groups were formed. an corporate bibliography was compiled,
but then the faculty members
became involved in their regular teaching assignments and
committee duties, the students
found themselves beautifully
caught up in the regular role
time oi papers, lab reports and
examinations. There was no
one to push the project, and an
important educational idea
died learning.
In short. we have not effectively and alternatively made
use of our awareness to my
mate a liberal arts education.
Our failure is not for want of
ideas. Pi-windsor pages has for
the last year and a half pro
moved the idea of inter < disciplinary seminars in which at
least two faculty members,
representing different dis parties, would conduct a semi
car for from ten to fifteen up<
purchase students on such top-
Some people say alien worlds't
walk across his sheet on our pizza. Others say carey worlds‘t even
go to their younger for it But you
don't have to H we‘ll deliver to
ice as existentialism, race relations, or the problems or new
developing nations in which
an inter-disciplinary approach
would quite obviously be the
most effective device for deals
ing with the subject matter.
Faculty members participating
in these joint seminars would,
of course, receive full teaching
credit for their participation.
professor Alan Jones, recently
returned from the University or
Sussex, has proposed to me the
possibility ol combining the
traditional American classroom and the British tutorial
situation by which instrumentation and variety could he intro«
dated into the routine semester
course as it now exists.
“Grinnell, our catalogue says
and in italian so that it cannon
be missed, “is a small college." But awareness, as President suggest has said, is no
virtue in itself. There is Very
little educational significance
in having only lzoo as opposed
to 2000 students on a college
campus. But awareness does
begin to acquire educational
signsﬁdance it we can say that
there are never more than
twenty students in a single
class section
What my colleagues and I
are suggesting is, of course,
expensive education, but trim
neli is already expensive, We
would I think find it easier to
justify a somewhat higher tuition than the present already
high tuition. it by so doing we
could more effectively utilize
the community that is the col—
legs with all oi its possibilities
for instrumentation and the exchange of ideas.
Finally, as an essential part
of this idea of communitas is
the necessity for an accurate.
hair and even critical presents»
tion to our alumni and to the
world at large through the
various publication media of
the college as to what we are
doing at the college now, and
what our plans and limitations
for the future may be. This
requires the closest kind or
cooperation between students,
faculty and administrative
start. Our respective hopes and
your rooms —'cn North Campus
at least. P.S. Girls, don‘l display;
we're negotiation with the admin.
isiroiian (or a similar arrangement
on South Campus.
"Altair"
nirvana's Pizza
Free Delivery
236-6222
goals for this college are not,
1 think, as different and contradictory as they sometimes
appear when we compare loiexample. what appears in the
regular student SEtB with what
appears in the Alumni 5&3.
This college, like all colleges,
is more than a place, a
physical environment it is es<
generally an idea — the idea
of educational excellence that
is held in common by all who
serve it in whatever capacity.
And it is the particular tomi pt
that idea as it continues to develop here that we are seeking
to express to covers. Certainly
WALL—-
(Continued on page 11)
NORTH
MARKET
Your
Headquarters for
PICNIC
SUPPLIES
Swingline
motion
[1 1 Do they hotel
. cu. of in,
i. England? ,
(Amer. below)
{[2] Take two
.107 chapter:
from three
l'for silaplerr,
In
{what do
you have?
/}’V-‘
3/”
v?
This is the
'switching
~not chapter
 
’ 98°.
trnsludinz ownership
women bus park
chapter only Sl.‘ ,
pro bigger or... u pack a: cumshot parlathe [lunch or a bi: devil Ruﬁinn mil-bio
cvstWharei Uncun finally guaranteed.
Made in U.S.A. Get it at my rmioocry
,nriuty, bank ital-cl
.SWmce
Long Island City, NV. U101
, iiuiarn v
Kpunu a: swim one.“ to am super.
on under; my, arm shown ueip .rauoqll
non“ sun h win it urban (no! but],
a son a! tplrntrnam not rrndnie L01}
am) so; ‘7, Mira ssuapnstispux ships
em Luce main ma ‘ins ,‘i submitted .
 
friday September 9. l9“
} WaII
(Continued {mm Pose 10)
no part of the college community can do it alone in isolation team Elle other component
parts.
I have successfully been cult»
lcal of the college in these
remarks, but it has not been
my intention to cry out a
jeremiad OI despite. Gn'nrlell
as a college is strong enough
and self - conﬁsent enough to
be able to criticism itself and
to grow stronger as a result
of that criticism. We have made
great progress during the past
ten years toward educational
excellence. Arthur Schlesinger‘s thesis that there are in the
political life of this country
cycles in which periods at
creative growth ultimate with
periods of consolidation [or gains
already made can be applied
with equal appropriateness to
the life of an academic community. I feel that we are about
ready to move Into a new cy<
cle of creativity. We have an
accordingly bright and attractive new lreshman class to join
the more sophisitl'rated, and
not, i list, more based upper
classics. We have a properly
mistress faculty, and we have
a new presidential administration. All of this should mean
that there will be on the cams
put this coming year, that kind
of respondent which the breaks
called divine, and which I shall
more previously call helpful.
RaiIsbatk elected
overseas
Thomas F. paperback, online,
111., attorney, has been elected
to a three-year term on the
Grinnell Board of Overseers by
the Board of Trustees
A 1954 Grinnell graduate,
paperback has speed on the college’s Advisory Council for four
years.
trust; ties
wear remarkable well
in an uncommon
variety of situations.
AVAILABLE AT
PPEXION’S
SCARLET AND ILACK
WELCOME
students
'AN
D FACULTY
'Io fathers recall Drug
”ON THE CORNER" DOWNTOWN GRINNELL
FIRST CLASS SAVINGS . . . .
Brand Nam
QUALITY .........
SELECTION . . . . . . . .
e Savings. Quali'l'y. helenﬁons Galore
In Each Paul of Our S’more!
MIN TI‘IE MIGWDS, 3H9? MATHEWS FIRST
Ex’era 5&H Green stamps (Ask Us!)
$849 @838
$8 82W 888
$"ﬁ09 L
say 19
W ogre
83!?
88c
EH?
88888 8828
8888|§8E
CEQAEEIEMEEg SHORT $289 cm. [ONE KING $2195 (TN.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MIA
 
 
T EM‘KIIBML EEFTKJJGJS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRESCRIPTIONS
WE WELCOME CHARGE ACCOUNTS, DELIVER FREE
 
logo Twelve SCARLET AND BLACK Friday Slplomhor 7, I965
m
CC Squad Shorthanded
Under new head coach Ray
permitted, the Pioneer cross
hungry team will start the
o‘jason next Friday against
brake.
onerniiller faces a tough
task in his opening year as he
has only a skeletal squad of
six men reporting for the
variety. Four other winners
decided not to come out this
year or are injured.
Four or the six, though, are
returning batteries and will
form the nuclear of the team.
Co - contains are senior Steve
paintball and junior John
charge. charge was second in
the conference meet last year
and paintball was also a high
ﬁfisher,
The other four are seniors
Doug gray and Spencer Clark
and non - batteries Steve Hoitze
and Steve Montgomery.
Despite the very small squad,
Coach Obermiller is confident
this team will develop into a
very strong unit, He sites the
medication and spirit of his boys
as the reason for his optimize.
Coach Obermiller also has 14
boys out for freshman cross
Country,
 
WELCOME BACKII
We are exclusive
retailers {or the
following lines
DuBarry Cosmetics
Mr. L Cologne for Men
St. John‘s Cologne
for Men
By George Cologne
for Men
Hi Fashion Cosmetics
Also We cover
Expert Prescription
Service
Sick Room Supplies
Free Delivery
sharp Pharmacy
Your
Prescription Pharmacy
8” 4th Ave.
Hansen's
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
LEEPER'S
A GOOD PLACE
TO BUY
0 Records
3 Recording Tape
I Batteries
0 Record Players
0 Radios
0 Tape Recorders
O
Guitars
& Accessories
I Sheet Music
WE SERVICE WHAT
WE SELL
LEEPER
MIISIG 00.
831 Broad St.
} Black Power
(Continued from Page 8)
nature of the problem. For so
long had Southerners been accustomed to the apache of the
degrees that during the last ten
years the mere vision of a
group of degrees walking down
the street was criticism to al.tract attention and concern.
This was phase one. As the
southern metro b e c o m e s
wrapped in the ghettos of the
northern city his awareness of
his status in society is interpreted. Conditions which in some
ways are far worse than in the
South ability his respondent.
gifts are an charitable occurrence and might be considered
phase two, the phase of this
decade. Whether roots are spontaneous or especially invited is
almost irrelevant. The. handling
is there and gets dried each
moment,
The certainly of roots and
more roots in the northern cities
unless something plastic is done
to avoid them, ioreshadows similar reactions in the South as
metro pride and self-awareness
reach higher and higher levels
relative to conditions,
Drr King and SCLC in Chicago
have thus far been Very cartoons
about opened speaking in terms
of “black power." However.
King is well aware that his best;
containing position with Mayor
sales over specify issues is the
tool that "peaceful" concentrations may easily become violent. King may be diplomatic in
handling it, but the essence of
his strength is his ability to
cause disturbances which are
highly embarrassing to a city
and which will get a response,
if only for the reason that
they're violent.
In its larger sense the real
essence of black power is that
the military metro is tired of
iruitiessly struggling with symptoms of his problem in America
(such as legislation) and is
tired of watching half his brothers lie back in fear and apache
while the other half strengths to
achieve acceptance as a white
man. The military wants acceptance of the metro for what he
 
54W
SHOE FIT COMPANY
"a m In: every law
is —- and he wants respect for
what he can do — which is live
with the white man peacefully
and productivity in equality. if
given the chance, or live with
the white man in war if never—
mary, It’s not the metro’s choice
to make; it's up to Whitey.
Fall Schedules
FOOTBALL
Sept. to Cornell
Oct. | simon
Oct. ii Knox , Honiou. l5 plymouth Away
Oct. 22 Eeluit—Homacom g and
parents' Day
0d. 2? Lawrence
Nov. 5 Co. .
Nov. l2 Culeton . .
CROSS could
Sept. l6 Duke
Sept, 24 Cornell
on. I State Cell. I a
lawn W.
Oct. 8 Les DukInvitational
Oct. is plymouth Away
on. 22 select . . Homo
on. 2? Lawrence . HornNov.
Nov.
Away
. can.
Home
Away
Away
Home
. Away
Home
. Ham-
5 Midwest Conference
Meet . Chicago
is Federation Run Ham.
FnEsHMAN FOOTEALL
7 Co»
I4 Cornell .
is Knox .
Oct.
Oct.
Oct.
Homo
Homo
Away
Air conditional
SERVING I4 KINDS OF
PIZZA
HOURS
Mon. the Set. -—4 pm. to I a.ni.
Sun. — 4 xml. to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
SPECIAL
TO ROOMS
5:25;? 5 sun. to 7 pm“.
i 25
5.2.1:; W I
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Salad
PHONE 236-533]
727 Broad — GrinneII
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3979
E. J. lenses, O.D.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Closed hours. PM.
and Si". EM.
Faculty Make
“Who's Who"
Four members of the Grinnell faculty have been added
to “Who’s Who in America”
in its 1966 edition.
They are:
President Glenn suggest.
Joseph D. Daniorth, back
professor of chemistry.
Charles F. water, Austin
professor of psychology,
Sheldon P. either, CarterAdams professor of literature.
“h
Herringbone Supreme
A tasteIuI fare for fall
. . . a middle seasonal
herringbone wool suit
. . . superior spaces
with leather trim and
leather buttons. "A"-line
skirt for a dash of good
looks . . . fully lined
Jacket.
season Hall
3%
GRINNELL
 
GRINNELL COLLEGE SCARLET & BLACK
Grinnell, Iowa 50112
 
