Senate Will Review
8&6 Damage Bills
By JUDY score
A special senate committee has recently been formed to review certain Bare
policies In connection with student affairs. Headed by Lynn Richman, the
committee is selling particularly into
complaints dealing With untair damage
and labor billsl
“We are trying to make eat policy
in public matter,” stated Richman,
“so students know what is going on.
There have been an awful lot of complaints. Labor bills are mostly a fair
charge. but 8&6 also asks rental for
what appears to be college property such
as chairs, microphones, and party stage
setups. There is no reason to pay for it
again and again."
Physical Plant Director Evan garden
will meet with Richman and his
committee early next week. CofHP President Bob quote; house treatments Dan
Markinann, Bob seller, and Rick Sprott;
and student auditor, Lee Schmidt will
complete the senate committee.
Next year Richman hopes to investigator working conditions of 3&6 and
other Grillnell service employees. The
investigation will be an attempt to up
date a previous report made in 1963 by
a political science major, Harry coleman ‘63. V
3&6 STUDIED—
(Continued on Page 6)
criminal college
gmntottmm.
Oldest College Newspaper West or the Mississippi
 
Vol LXXlll
Grinnell, Iowa, Friday. May 5. l‘ibm
No. 28
 
ConferenceAdvises qualification of Moral Code
By CATHY JONES
The need for a defining administrative
stand alld for certification of a rural
code for college communities were the
concerns of Midwest Conference religious leaders who met on the Grinnell
campus early this week. ,
Represented by a variety of students.
complaint, counseling, and processors
were Carleton, Beloit, plymouth, Knox,
joe, Cornell, and St. Olaf. Speaking for
Grinnell were David Swee, Jan Nichols,
Sam mothers, Janet sale, Steve Kent,
self batteries, and bank Bnlikov.
During the conference held Sunday and
Monday at Grinllell House, most colleges
represented expressed a positive ratios
tion to tale need for a sex education
program. similar to the course now offered at St. Olaf.
Riot Damage Totals Not Completed Yet;
garden products $300 As Possible Cost
Due to individual assessment this
year, the itemized total of the Spring
Riot damage on Tuesday, April 26, has
not yet been compiled, according to Evan
garden, physical plant director. The
treasurer's office and the soil-1P will be
filled when the damage has been determined.
garden did state, however, that estimated damage is szooaoo, about 25 per
cent of last year’s total. l-le credited the
students with finally defining that they
didn’t want to pay for the damage from
their social funds. "This has been the
best year in several years," he said
Three cases relating to Riot night will
be brought up in Men's Primary Court
this Sunday. They are for breaking
gloves in the logged, throwing firecrackers and burning one person, and break
log singles against the wall at Cowles.
In a post-conference interview, Chaplain Roger Eldridge declared, “In a college community such as Grinnell, where
the purpose of education is to teach
the student about man, the gap in this
phase or learning is inexcusable. We have
not made even a models accomplishmerit in this area," he continued, “and
the college is highly underestimating the
need for this type of education in a
residential School such as Grinnell, We
area't even doing a bad job. We’re sims«
1y doing nothing.”
One reason for this, Eldridge believes,
as did the manually of the faculty attending the Conference, is that the faculty ilScll is “the most creature segment of
society.” The explanation offered for this
was that faculty spend so much of its
early life in school that it becomes in-
ItlllllllllllilllllllliltllllliltlllllllllllllltilllllllIIllllliilllllllIIllllllilllllllillllllillllllllllllllll
High Court
A decision has been handed
down from the High Court concerning the files charged to two
West morris men' for being
locked in the women‘s logged.
They were fixed without a hearing under the new system of the
men's Primary Court and tips
needed their case. The Court
decided not to hear their appeal.
Sea ‘Reprlmand’ on page I
for full story.
lllllillllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllilllllllliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllll
competent to deal with social problems
outside the realm of the academic.
The only solution, according to E1.
bridge, is a satisfactoryy program for
straightforward counseling from a sppa
analyst. In the dealtime, the students
have to provide their own program, by
becoming their own specialists through
frank discussions.
“1 have known senior women who are
innocent of the facts of life. simply because they’re afraid to ask,” said Elde
ridge. “The feeling that roll must be
sophisticatedabout sex presents open discussion.”
St, Olaf, as an example of a college
with such a program, plans to open the
course next fall to all interested. Pre<
viruses it was limited to engaged corp:
its. The course consists of {our twoshnur
sessions, in which both the sexual and
emotional aspects of marriage are dis<
closed.
The presence of Steve Kent, SGA prev<
idellt and bank Balikov, chairman of
the Senate Committee on Campus
Counseling Services, was encouraging to
Eldridge, who thinks that initiative at
such a course can only be accomplished
through entertainment from a variety
of student leaders.
The second important college need em
realized at the conference was for at).
possible forums and meetings where std<
dnts can talk to administrators in both
official and non-official facilities. delta
want to Grinnell, Eldridge assisted,
“centers (Assoc. Dean) is doing just:
FALLIBLE—
(Continued on Page a)
 
Senate Changes Initiative Fund
By DICK chaos
The Senate reconsidered at length
what it had enabled in waste by debate
ing the series of the hall initiative fund
for two hours Wednesday night Last
week's allocation of $4800 generated sun<
ancient oppositinntparticularly on North
Campus) to force the Senate to cut the
fund to 31400 H and that on a trial
basis for one semester.
The new figure was approved by a
23—9 roll call vote after nearly two hours
of discussion and debate. The S e n ate
spent 90 minutes as a "committee-of-the
whole” to discuss the functions of the
initiative fund, the Criteria to be used
in allocation funds, and the amount necessary to allow calls to plan adequate
social programs.
Bucks promote Senator:
The senators were promoted at several points by Speaker Dan Bucks,
who first reminder them to delivered
the goals of the fund before relating the
amount, then later-commented that “I
am dissatisfied with the quality of discussion so for. it has been wondering
aimlessly instead. of being vigorous.”
There were four basic proposals that
evolved in discussion: (a) the Finance
Committee recommended that 5500 be
' placed in the initiative fund and 3900
be allocated for three weekends when
three all-campus parties would be held.
Both figures were for one semester.
(b) A proposal by a group of Senators fn put $1200 into the fund to be
spent on inter-hall parties. No hall would
be allowed more than $60 per semester.
(c) A proposal by Robert narrow to
put $1400 into the fund “to encourage
hall initiatives and corporate new social
concepts" This proposal was the one
later adopted by the Senate.
(d) bank Balikov‘s proposal that each
hall should be guaranteed a minimum
amount in order to ensure equal distribution of funds. Balikov later moved to
cut the $1400 in narrow's proposal to
$1100. but the motion was detected.
No one deferred the $4300 amount
which had been passed by a near-anonymous vote that week. Mike Pill moved
that the Senate enter the committeeofthe-whole by commentary, "The rather
heated discussions of the past week have
proved the hall initiative fund is unpopular." , .
Jones, Flaw: Propose $1200-
The first proposal to be advanced
(and later withdrawn) was by Ed Jones
and Ron Flscus, who explained that the
Sim would serve as a “bridge between
single-hall and all-campus programs," it
would leave each hall with about $200
per semester and the prospect of $60
more from the fund it inter—hall parties
were held.
Jane attacks customized the proposal.
saying that “it relates the purpose of
the fund because it's the same as hall
obligations. There’s no incentive proved<
ed for."
Social Coordinator Bob Johnston commercial that the original idea of the
fund was not to encourage different kinds
of parties, but rather to provide facility
for social events among different groups.
Discussion then moved to the goals
of the initiative fund. Bob quote said
that the purposes, as he understood them
were to “provide mobility and' improve
the social program." However, he ad-
fitted that the original amount was too'
large.
quote depends original Plan
quote deferred the proposal of the
Finance Committee by saying that money put into a central fund and administered properly would improve the sir
ciao program. .It would ,"promote mobility and calculate the social program"
by holding threeweekends of three parties each for the entire campus. He
emphasized the trial nature of the plan
and the capability at changing the allocation for second semester next year if
the program were unsuccessful.
Ray Horn offered two specific goalst‘
(1) to make more effective use of money
spent on lounge parties and (2) encourage more inter-hall cooperau'on on so:
dial events."
[location
At this point Bucks wrote those two
on the blackberry after he changed
the working of (1) to read “More effective use of social funds." Later Buck]
added a third point on the board: “to
provide some measure of equality of dis«
traditions”
After 90 minutes. the committee-of—the
whole made its report, The Senate reported in favor of narrow's proposal,
with the three calculations written on
the board to be given to the Initiative
Committee as goals for establishing criteria when funds are requested.
Finally, two hours and ten minutes after the meeting began, the Senate
passed narrow’s proposal on a 23-9 ro
Call. The initiative fund will have 51
for the first semester next year. The
Initiative Committee will establish city
tori: in accordance with the Senate
recommendations.
ADDRISS HIRE:
901350 sdottoleu pilot‘d
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGE
clinical, [own
A ucskiy newspaper published each Friday of the col
legs year by the Grinnell Committee on sluocni piihlicu
nous. ucprnsnnreo for journal advertiser by unusual advertising Service. inc, College Publishers kept-essniaiive,
is ins: 50m six-cir, New York 22, N.Y. second class posingii paid al oriuncli, iowa. subscribers rate $5.00 per
school year. lion said Subscriptions.
Bob Hadlem:
Huoln him
,Alan Axelrud
'Vlanha jersey
Steve Casey
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
can EDITOR
SPORTS EDITOR
ran-june EDITOR
excl-much :Dn'on Paul Bradley
non-0km. LIBRARIAN levy Pnnnwlll
CIRCULATION MANAGER Suzy will
ADVERTISING nsslsrmr Pam trial.
PHOTOGRAPHERS . :lib Sturgls, John Wolf
REPORTERS . olck ciiaoy, kathy Jones, Paul R. Jones, Ann Klrsclineri
Min-y calcium, kris cash, levy pannwlii, June Parish,
.lucky Scott, Linda Seckelsan, Jean Whitaker
Anne ramr
Editorial . . .
military communist
I had a disquieting talk with one of my column
posts the other day Paul Roberts came suffering in
(he hardly ever does anything but shuttle), sat in my
chair and put his feet on my desk. ”You got your feet
on my desk,” I opened, trying to get on the offensive
before he did.
“Why are you still in school” I knew then it was
going to be one of those talks.
“The same reason you are."
“No. I’m knitting.” He picked his leaders off. One
handed in a file of photographs binding the top one beyond repair.
“Listen, Roberts, don’t hand me that. You’ve
been saying now for three years you’re going to quit
and you keep saying it in your column but I know better." I had the offensive.
“No, this time I mean it. Why stay here? I don't
like to study, I like to sit under trees, I don’t like preventing that I understand Sartre. I’ll never understand
Sartre.”
“But what will you do if you quit school? What
can you do for a living?” That stopped him pretty
good and he slowly more the damaged print to stress
as he tried to think of an answer.
“l’ll enlist,” he finally stated, hosting the pieces
of picture into the air, obviously believed that he had
found an answer. “I‘ll fulfill my obligation to my
society. Why should other people have to risk their
lives while I sit here in Iowa and am compared? That’s
what I’ll do. I’ll join the army and serve society.”
Poor Roberts. I knew this time he had gone too
far. I discussed yesterday’s Christian Science Monitor
that I had been swimming and turned on him, ready
for a really big fight. I found him standing in the corner doing the manual of arms with my extra-long layout rules. “Roberts, cut that out and sit down for God’s
sake.” I was afraid for him. “You don't want to join
the army and become an animal and kill and mail."
”What do I want to do, stay here and become a
leader and order others to do my killing?”
“What?"
“Should I become a big-big in the State Department and send other lesser slots out to kill the lesser
slots from other countries? No, as long as the killing
is going to be done I want: to do it.”
“But you don’t want any killing to go on at all.
do you? No. of course you don’t. Why don’t you try to
stop it. Try to end war.”
“End war! You middle-headed, poison-pen moon. People have been trying to do that since the start of
time and have failed. It's here to stay. We need it. And
as long as we’re a member of this earned society
we’re contributing to the killing.
“It's really a gas but: that’s how it is and I’m not
going to sit here and let someone else do my dirty
work.”
He stopped out of my office~with my rules over
his shoulder—and I haven’t seen him since.
SCARLET AND BLACK
letters. .
Cold Spring Day
To the Editor:
As i sit, on this cold "Spring Day" afternoon, working although the files oi paper accompanied over half a semester, it occurred
lo me float some of my faculty colleagues might
be drinking ol existing pressure lo restore the
earlier tradition oi having Spilng Day on the
first really warm afternoon in late April, Let
me be the first in raise diy voice in opposition
in such an archive plan.
‘ Were we to return to that tradition, my Wife
would be gently encouraging me to paint the
badly delivered north wall, my children
would he notasugenily encouraging me to go
on on during and picnic, my dramatically luv
joined faculty colleagues would be after me for
tennis or golf and I would be solely related to
spend the day in my garden. The present encountered policy recognized Spring Day {or
what it is, a (lay for faculty members to catch
up (in work alld for students lo recover from a
night of i'evelry.
I have Just one question? Since weather is
not a significant variable, why Can't spring
Day appear on the college calendar [0 elite»
date the confusion alld uncertainty which contribute learning to its effectiveness?
Luther E. Ericlsorl (chemistry)
3&6 Employee
To the Editor:
having been an employee of Gl'innell college: for some time, with eleven years spent
working in the North Campus calls, i feel
that the problems of student drinking, along
wiki rowdylsm and the lack of hall discipline
are Ones that have been With us for quite
some time.
To me, the present student body has operated mit much better than some in the
years gone by.
There have always been North Campus
problems thai come up from year to year, but
somehow as lime goes by, they read [u become unlimited with something else coming
up to take the spotlight.
In any group of nearly 600 men students,
[here \Vlll always be a few lionﬂinformists
who will inside on locking the boat. 50 l feel
that ii there is any particular problem at the
present, ihoi It will be taken care of in due
time.
There are former students who will latest to the fact that we used to have some Wild
times during the period that they were North
Campus residents.
There were times when I looked over the
mess in the calls alter a sony held the night
belong local l mounted whether these boys
would ever grow up. But they grew older and
wider. and now many of these men hold posts
of trust and responsibility.
So give the students their due: the greater
majority ol them are pi'elly good does most
of the time,
AN ODE TO AN UNKNOWN CO-ED
To the petite, pretty co-ed
Wiui haven black hair:
whether all thou going
in this brick morning air?
Going bird watching she says;
Thinks 1: it's too dark
To see the refurbished Robin
Ol‘ the gay shadow park:
She (ripped on her way,
Her head held on high,
A glance o’er her shoulder
in see who’s near by;
So my dear press maiden
reward where you walk;
Be Sure ihni your actions
Don't cause any talk;
To those who read this,
You needs‘t be checked;
The clock is on six,
And the Loggia's uploaded;
Ah, now it's all clear,
That the greatest bird calls
Friday. May 5. WM
Come down from the trees
Up by the Men’s calls;
Take care. than young lady;
And this you should know:
It‘s much, much too early
To go Visit your Beau;
For Mother Nature in Grinnell
is the same as New York,
The bird that you discover
Might be the store.
if you should print this
As space miller let's say,
Please keep it anonymouSA
Might be better that way.
Anonymous 3&6 Employee
'Nous' Return
To the Editor:
i was delivered to see that you earned an
editorial note on Nous. It should never have
been iniemipied, and i am glad to see such
Vigorous leadership in removing iii
However, word has got round that it was
Esoteric, and with a Small circulation. lt’s
press run was only a low hundred. that's
[not But you should also stress that its uni<
era were not limited to motors in philosophy
and religion. For example, i have before me
issues No. 15 and No. 16, March and June of
1963, when Arnold Toynbee was here. There
were appropriate articles on the philosophy of
history by history motors.
Recently the editorial board of History and
Theory saw the issues. This is the international journal in the field, with the highest
professional standards. The report from the
executive editor. Richard T. Vani‘i is:
“Thank you for selling us look at these two
interesting issues of Nous. The articles by
:he undergraduates were also of very high
standard, and you are to be congratulated on
having such a striking publication." (Letter of
April 29, 1365)
It did not die, as Was said, a “quiet death."
A new of us fought for what we thought excellent, but found little support from those
who Could have helped. From those who could
have helped most, there was less man no sun.
porn. The story must be set straight.
paul c. Kunlz (philosophy and religion)
Illllllllllllllllllllli‘illlilllllllllllllllilllllllillllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllillllllilllllllilllllillllllllilllliillil
Must Leave Campus
Your attention is called to the statement
on page 18 of the 1965-66 Student Handbook:
“The college remains in session throughout
the period of announcement and Alumni Reunion programs. During this lime. college social regulations remain in effect. All, underclassmell. except those with special permission, are required to locate college and town
residence rooms and to leave the town at
Grinnell by Lila morning following their last
examination.”
To permit the Housekeeping Department
time to prepare rooms for guests by Thursday, May 26, students classified in the statement above must locate their rooms and
leave Grinnell before noon, on the day folk
losing their last examination.
Mary G. Jones, the Alumni Secretary, asks
all underclassmen who are not staying
throughout the day of announcement on some
special assignment to corporate promptly wuh
this ruling. “With the size of the present Senior class, we are expertise many parents and
guests," says Secretary Jones.
The last board meal in the dining room for
nuderclass snideuis will be noon, Tuesday,
May 24, ladies will be needed for entrance
into the dining room for dinner on Tuesday
and throughout the remainder of the counsel'lceniellt week. These budget may be
picked up in the Alumni Office on May 23 and
24.
Seniors are reminder that they may pick
up lllml‘ housing reservations (or main guests
beginning on Monday, May 9, in me Alumni
price. Charges for housing are $2.25 per person per night ($1.00 for a child's not) and
must be paid when reservations are picked
up.
 
Fridayr May 6. ms
SCARLET “10 BLACK
those, marsh To Head '66-’67 YD’s Address by Iowa's Junior Senator
In an April 30 meeting Young
Democrats elected Jon those
pi‘student for ’6667. Other Officers
for the year include Steve marsh.
iii-st vice-president; movie Smith,
second vice-president; Peggy gallery, secretary; Beth Voorhees,
treasurer; and Todd Friedlailder,
publicity chairman.
According to those, the YD's
are planning a program to include
expanded use of seminars and
polyphonic lectures oi interest to
the entire student body.
 
KRAMER JEWELRY
Your Keepsake Dealer
4th at [road
 
ENGAGE-ABLES
go for
K eepsgke'
'And, for good reasons . . . like
smart selling to enhance the
centerdiumond . . .guaranteed
wallace (or replacement assured) . . . a brilliant gem of
line' color and precise modern
cut. The name, Keepsake, in
our ring assumes lifetime sally
section. Select your vary per—
local Keepsake at your
Keepsake however's store. Find
him in the yellow pages under
,"Jewelsrs."
{paul—Fo—iiirIVEiJ—ri—ia—iiEXEETiEtTr—Kiih WEDDING I
| Net"
LKEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, NEW VORK}
Please send new means booking "How To Plan Your Enga event
l and Wedding" and new iz-hotel
all color folder, bath For on y 25c.
Also, send special after of beautiful “page Bride's Book.
 
Page Thru
Bill naughty
To Highlight Campus Visit Tuesday To Address
The Young Republican Club
and the Program in Practical Political Education are cuespcnsoring
the visit of U.S. Senator Jack Miller on campus Tuesdays
Miller will deliver a Short speech
entitled “Issues: 966" in the South
Lounge at 8 RM. and Will attend
a dinner with the Young Republicans. The speech and discussion
following it are open to all.
Miller, luwa's Junior Senator,
has served in the Senate since 1950.
He is a member of the Senate
Committees on Agriculture and
Armed Services, the Joint SenateHouse ECDnOmlC Committee. and
the Special Committee on Problems of the Aged.
in January oi this year, Senator
Miller spent three Weeks in the
Far East for the Armed Services
Committee. The purpose of his trip
was to investigate the military situation of our forces in South Viel
Nam. He concerned with Prime
Minister Nguyen Can Ky, U.S.
Ambassador Henry labor Lodge.
and top-ranking military and civilian officials.
Visits to other Far Eastern nations included meetings with treatments terminals carlos of the
Philippines, young see Park of
South Korea, and Chiang Kai-Shek
of Nationalist China.
In the Senate, Miller has sun«
posted the Peace Corps, Arms Con-
tool and enlargement Agency, and
he Voted for the Limited Nuclear
Test Ban Treaty. He has also pi'Dr
moved an expanded Defense Education Act, federal aid for construction of Facilities for the
Health expressions, and the Administration's federal aid to higher
education program.
A graduate of the law school or
Columbia University, Miller‘has
served with the internal Revenue
Service and on the societies Di
George Washington University and
the University of notre Dame College oi Law. He served one term
in time Iowa State House of Representatives and one in the State
Senate before moving up to the
United States Senate
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Chapel Speaker
Dennis Haas, acting chaplain
at Franklin and Marshall C01legs. Lancaster, Penn, will deliver the person this Sunday in
the college chapel. He is appearing as a candidate for a job
iii the Chaplain’s ofﬁce next
year. Norimotii 1an was originally scheduled to speak. line,
however, will take part in a
discussion of “Zen and Christ”
Sunday afteriiovn at 2 pm. in
the Religious Activities Room.
journalists
Bill naughty, candidates communist and associate editor or The
Kansas City Star, will be guest
speaker at the annual spring did.
her and Matrix Table to be held
Monday at a pm. in partner
Lounge.
Nearly 91) students, facultyrslaff
members. and special oil-campus
guests are expected to attend the
occupational dinner, which is an annual event for the two host groups,
Sigma Delta Chi and Theta Sigma
Phi, national professional journalism societies our men and women,
respectively.
naughty. who was named an as
society editor of the paper last
year, has been with The Star
since 1939, except for three years
of World War II service. In 1946
he look over “Siarbeams,” an editorial page column thought to be
the oldest continuous newspaper
feature in America.
He now writes two columns,
”Senator copper” and “naughty at
Large," which are candidates by
Bell~failure in more than 150
newspapers in this Country and
abroad. He is also the author of
own books, Bird Than Never left
and Sorry, I started ll, both pub<
listed by Simon & Schuster.
a
ANNOUNCEMENT
CHAPMAN COLLEGE, located in Orange, California, one of
the oldest colleges in the West, is accepting applications for admission for two 107-day newsletters for the fall of 1966 and the spring
of 1967 aboard Holland-America Line’s s.s Ryndam. This is the
second year of operation of sherman College‘s floating campus.
Outstanding college and university students are invited to spend these computers at sea, enrolled for lZ-lS units of credit, applicable toward the Bachelor
of Arts, Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Music degrees, or 9-12 units
toward the Master of Arts degree,
Onboard, students will experience a situation of intense academic wnceik
station, supplemental by personal meetings assure with men who are the
world’s leaders, documents which are the world’s heritage, and people whose
apparent differences often prove to hide human similarities.
College classes will be held during 56 class days at sea iii modem, airconditioned classrooms and laboratories equipped with all facilities necessary
for course work oﬁfred.
ITINERARIES: Fall 1965 50—31“!
leaves New York October 20, duration
107 days: loLisbon, Barcelona. nashville.
civiisvccchic (Rome). pirates (Athens).
istanbul. Alexandria (hairy), Port Said.
Suez, combat, solomon, Port Swetienham (Kuzln bumper), Bangkok, Hang
Kong, Kobe,Yokohaina (Tokyo), Hawui.
training Lot angels: February 4. 1961.
5pm 1961 Sue-er rules
February 7, duration 107 :ys; to ~L‘l
Gnaira (bahamas). Pan or Spun (ruindad), salvador, Montevideo, Buwol
tires, Rio De Janeiro, signs, Dam.
Casablanca, radio, vision, Rotterdm
(island to France, Belgium and ttheiheriiiiids), copeohngen, London, Du
overhead to),Gnlwa, afford; New
'ty May 25. was
ADMISSION: suideiiis admliicdik the from must meet iegniu admission winﬂh
actions at sherman College and upon fulfilling its requirement wiki node-o m and
credits in accordance with is regularly established standards.
For ii catalog listing courses for both the Fall and Spring 96m aim will III.
tuition and iii-port proper cons, fill in the inputﬁon below and mail'l Ill
l.___.__.._..__ .__..__.__.._.___.__.__ __.._._
l Direclorof‘ Admissions
Orange, California 92666
Name
(Lost)
address
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
L
sherman College. Seven Seas Division
. Pram! status
will”
(First)
cow______.sms_—_Zb.__
Telephone _____Age___H.—B_..
The Ryndamis under Netherlands registrar.
_. ......_.._ ———-————_\-—-———
 
Page Four
At a coffee hour held Tuesday afternoon, Christopher march, professor of
history at the University of Iowa, spoke
on “The ‘New' Radicalism" to a large
group,,of interested Grinnellians gather<
ed large South Lounge.
in beginning w discussion, march dis-“O
scripts today’s radical movement as
"non-violent but not pacifistic.” made
up of middle class youth who are nonetheless contemporary of middle class
moves.
Two characteristics of the new radilalism, according to march, are an interference to Communist influence. and
sympathy for sao, Castro, et al. The
latter prices because the new radicals
fear bureaucratic expression more than
government compression as manchester in
their criticism of Berkeley and praise
for Cuba.
While march feels that the new radius
"law has Common roots with the radicalism of the theories, e.g, ‘style determination of patriarchal authority in the middle class family,” he believes that the
new radical has not been significantly
influenced by the writings of the old.
A major awareness of the new radicallsm march feels lies in Its emphaslﬁ
on youth. rating the Berkeley slovak.
“You can’t trust anyone over thirty," ha
less no future for the young radical other than to become one of the discounted,”
Le. a conventional middle class adult.
Also, the emphasis on youth makes the
movement sustainable to the introducing
attitudes of adults, and presents “a
transfer of experience from generation
‘to generation," leaving, march says, "no
recreational continuity upon which to
build a community." .
A functioning period followed with a
panel composed of processors tests (hiswry), cleaner (English), and Fletcher
(pop cal science). lewis questioned the
disability of march’s “decline of patriarchal authority" thesis, suggesting that
the provision of new radicals indicates a
"publication as well as quantitative
change." Fletcher and some students emphasized the anti-structural aspect of
the new radicalism, with Fletcher sugv
eating that there are particular “objective issues which students and interventions must attend, for instance votes
registration in Alabama. march cons
turned, differentiating between the right
SCARLET AND BLACK
Middle Class score for Own works
Tagged as New Rudiculism by lunch
formation of the columnists of the
theories (which the new radicals impose)
and the compatibility flexible organization of individual civil rights groups.
In response to a question as to how
he would increase the effectiveness of
the new radicalism,,i._arch¢aid that the
study’its should make an attempt to forget the use of “politics" for self-extras<
sign and rather try to increase the
"recreational continuity."
“I guess all I want students to do,"
said march, "is not forget the past." He
emphasized (that ghereshouid not be
“other contents of the pair and theoretical predecessors View of the last generation of radicals (in the fifteen) who
did not have too impressive is record."
norton ‘(ireland’ Head;
Jones Will Edit ‘Nous’
The Board of Publications has recently appointed a cycling editor and business manager, an editor for Nous, and
a new sara; business manager.
Heading the cycling next year will
be milan norton, a freshman. Her business manager, also a freshman, will be
Pat Cavanaugh,
The new publication Nous — a works
donation of the old Nous and the Grllmell
Review —will be edited by Paul R.
Jones, a sophomore. Applications for bus»
items manager of Nous are now being
taken, They should be submitted to LaVeme turkey (biology), chairman of the
Board of Publications.
Suzy Will, a first semester junior, was
named 5&5 business manager for next
year. ’
Six to Philosophy Meeting
Five Grinneil College faculty members
and one student will attend the 64th any
null meeting of the American Philosoph«
ical Association to be held in MinneapOs
his.
They are H. George Apostle (match<
basics), Paul G, Kuntz (philosophy and
religion), Howard R. purple (philosophy
and religion), Roger L. Eldridge (philosophy and religion), William s. Cobb,
Jr. (philosophy and religion), and Lynn
Richman. a Grinnell junior.
Dr. Kuntz will read a paper, “Does
Quality Order Rest Upon a Mistake?"
 
state Your Clothes
With seekers
Here are the added consequences and protection
you will receive if you store your payments with
seekers.
1. Day or night taxi service. Free when you ride with your clothes.
1. Insured against both and miller damage. 2% of declared value.
3. Insured against fire or theft.
4. Ask for free handy Item and valuation list. At your campus users.
5. We will return the order to your college campus agent this full as
directed. He or she will resolve full commission.
5. seventh-nine years of continuous laundry and cleaning experience.
1. greatly pressed and ready to wear In the fall. (Except store only)
a. You may also ride downtown to seekers with your clothes at NO
COST TO YOU.
9. Store only available at 4% of declared value.
MEEKER iAUN-DRY CLEANERS
l‘0l9l/a Blood 59.. Grinnoll. Iowa 50112
Musical Weekend
Friday, May 6, im
Violin donated, based Music, Students
Featured in Three Upcoming Concerts
Three major musical programs will
be presented on successful earnings this
weekend, each on at 8 pm. in Roberts Theatre. All three are open to the
public with no tickets required.
This evening, a distinction program of
violin donated will be offered by chad
dora santa McMillan and David Albee,
piano. Mrs. McMillan is a former member of the xerox quarter, and Albee is
a member of the brake University faculty and of the brake Fine Arts Trio.
The program will include senator by
LeClair, Vivaldi, Mozart and the F-A-B
donate by Albert district, Robert Schumann, and Johannes Brahms. The F.
A-E donate was composed in 1853 in notification of the arrival in Dusselforf of
the musician Joseph coaches. The lots
to Frei acer elosam, “free but lonely,"
was used by coaches during this pe«
riod. This is the meaning of the pit-ls
by which the senate is known, and the
notes F, A. and 5 appear prominently
throughout the senate.
Outdoor Graduation
—lf Weather Permits
If Iowa's spring weather permits, soma
placement this year will be outdoors,
according to Fred He‘ss, director of public relations.
The sylvan setting — whose seating
arrangement will be the same as the indoor setting — will he in the shared area
directly west of the Forum, will face
north-easterly with the Forum and
Science Building in the background. The
platform will be constructed in such a
way as to block vision of the physical
plant. ,
A representative group of seniors was
contacted to see what their feeling was
about having announcement outdoors,
Eldon brand, chairman of the commerce<
ment committee, said that the seniors ho
contacted were overwhelming in favor
of an outdoor announcement.
Should the weather take a turn for the
worse the 1900 expected participants and
guests will move into party symposium. Further details — such as the line
of profession — have not been decided
at this point.
The entire program of announcement
weekend is still as of yet undefined.
The most unusual of the programs
will he the Saturday night “Concert of
competitions for Tape and Visual productions," from the San Francisco Tape
Music Center. a
Anthony Martin, visual director, and
machine Oliveros, composer, will present
five numbers involving various complications of electronic tape, film, voice,
and productions. The computers reply«
center are Miss Oliveros, norton Subotv
hill; canon Sender, and Anthony Martin.
The San Francisco Tape Music Center is a nonprofit corporation established by a group of computers, artists, and
sound engineers to promote creative experiments in sound and light. The San
Francisco Chronicle has called their re‘
suits “at once numerous, bizarre, and
fascinating," with color, motion, and
sound amended into a "new electrical
art—an art to be received with."
The Sunday evening concert will feature student performing. Miss Ann robinson will play the first movement of
each‘s planner concerts in D minor accompanied by the Grinnell College orchestra Strings, penis M. de Coteau, com
doctor. The Grinnell College Coilegium
musical, Conducted by David Sutherland, will follow with a group of opinions by payable, Josquln and Passereau,
The colleague musical, assisted by
Professor three and Addi of the University of Iowa, will also perform the
suite from Stravinsky’s theatre piece
Histoire de Soldut. Composed in will
for a miniature orchestra of seven players, the music represents one of Stravinsky’s greatest achievements and has
remained a formidable challenge to per—
farmers. Drawn from a cycle of stories
in Russian folklore, the work relates “the
arabic story of the soldier designed to
become the prev of the Devil.”
The story is played by a operator
and three characters — the soldier, the
devil, and the princess, who times and
cancer but does not speak. The beauty
and force of musical effect which Stravinsky has achieved with the spouse material he allowed himself have made HIStoire de Soldat one of the most residential competitions of the century. Al.
though it is entirely appropriate in its
original function as an advance to the
drama, the music has most often been
performed alone, as in the present con»
cart.
t Reprimands Primary Court
The men continued that their constitutional rights had been isolated because
they were sentences without a hearing.
The High Court decided that the statement sent to the two men from the Primary Court did not constitute an opinion,
and further recommended the Primary
Court for failing to point out the rights
of the defendant to a hearing prior to any
mention of alternatives to a hearing.
Normally, if the defendant does not
request a bearing upon notification of his
offense, he is produced to have entered
a plea of guilty. If he requests a hearing,
is granted one which follows all the
procedures regulations stated in the student handbook,
“The point of the appeal is. however
well taken, for the working of the Primary Court‘s statement is not sufficient
to establish the fact of such a hearing,
and because all evidence points to the
contrary, this Court finds that there was
no trial or hearing," said a statement of
the High Court.
The High Court further noted that
“Though the Primary Courts may design
date an alternative to hearing in the now
medication of a defendant of his rights to
hear in minor cases of frequent occurrence, it must be made clear that any
penalties mentioned are only allen-latinas
and will not be imposed unless the student waiver his right to hearing."
 
// / / I
The nasty Pastry Shop
 
Friday, May t, loss
By BRUCE MCCONACHIE
' Last Tuesday night, penis Hay, professor of medieval history at Edinburgh
University spoke on the subject, “Renaissance: Period or Problem," Profes-
for Hay was kitty and urbane and his
beach‘cases entertaining ask't was informative. “ '
According to Hay, the term because
finance is used by American scholars to remote a period of historical
time. This is not the case, however, in
European scholarship. The sentence in
’Europe is to divide European history
Into medieval and modern. Renaissance,
for them, is a term which covers only
a group of problems.
This division into two, instead of three
or four historical periods creates many
difficulties. In an American university,
corner/3' 'Dream Play' Called
By BRUCE MCCONACHIE
The Dream Play belongs to August
Strindberg's later period of dramatic
Writing. While his earlier works, The
Father, Miss Julie, and other, are approximately in the naturalistic style, The
Ghost donate, To Damascus and The
green Play are forerunners of expresnionism. Robert trustees, in an essay on
Strindberg, relates some of the charge<
logistics of these later plays: “Location!
are value; space is relative; and the
characters possess names like the Stranger, the Student, the Poet, the Hunter and
the greater.”
It is evident that this type of play lies
outside the mainstream of American
drama, Consequently, The Dream Play
15 quite difficult to produce for an American‘audience. Although I am unacquainted with its production history, I
doubt that “The Dream Play" has ever
been professionally produced in America.
Thus I was surprised when howto
learned told me he was going to produce
an adaptation of the play at Grinnell.
His production last Wednesday night was
predictions confusion for the audience,
They were ensure how to take the play
and many of them left Arena Theatre
completed
Must oi the problem, I believe, lies in
the choice oi‘the play, Yet there were
some adults in the production which, if
remedies, might have led to a more en.
payable night at the theatre. In suite of
a new interesting and moderators successful attempts at abstract theatricality,
the style of the production was too realistic,
movie’s set was appropriate and his
experiments in lighting sometimes suspended in looking the mood of the play.
Service ﬂ”?
SCARLET AND BLACK
Edinburgh victorian Hay tribes
Hay would probably be part of the
Renaissance and information section of
the history department. At Edinburgh, he
is in the medieval division. But, as he
jokes, “it’s not just that chips like
Hay can't get jobs." Such right pet-indication often obscures historical research Thus, scholars working in early
modern history are sometimes “automatically innocent" of what occurred only
a short time before.
These problems, thinks Hay, may be
travel back to the reception given Jacob
_Burkhardt’s book The Civilization of
The renaissance In Italy, published in
1860, Eurlthardt treated Renaissance
Italy as a cultural whole. Among other
things, he discussed its politics, its philosophy, its festivals and its art.
The book was a “flow” at first, but
There were other times, though, when
the lighting was insufficient to see what
was happening. This was particularly
true of the scene between the two coal
owners. The costumes of a few of the
characters and the Lawyer'l make up
were legitimately electrical and effective.
But the style of the acting, with few
exceptions, did not match the theatricallty of some of the other aspects of the
productions, Nor, for that matter, did I
feel that the acting style suited the play.
Most of the actors underground their
parts and de—emphasiwd the climaxes
in each scene. The result, while perhaps
“realistic,” was often serious and undramatic. In the scene between the Lawyer and the Daughter, the climax of the
Lawyer's lecture on duty was delivered
while he was walking out stage.
The scene between the mentioned and
the Officer was the most successful in
the production precisely because Dale
Dreyfus and Rick Roehlk pushed their
characterizations to assure extremes.
Dale's portraits of the mentioned was
perhaps the most outstanding acting job
in the production. Rick gave a numerous
interpretation of a cocks little man, but
I talked to one girl after the performance who was surprised to learn that he
had played the part of the Officer.
The Daughter, the main character in
Strindberg's drama, was portraits by
santa compression. cordless, seattle
and commission is difficult dramatic material, but santa handled it well. Her
performance, however, was happened by
her costume — a white dress which
looked more like a nigeria,
Several of the actors in the minor roles
were effective. Among the faculty, Paul
Jones was funny as the Professor of
Philosophy. money winter gave a good
characterization of the Doorkceper. Max
soon people began writing fisheries about
cultural Renaissances in England and
France as well. Despite Burkhardt’s cons
corn with the Whole civilization, recordings politics, these later “Renaissance" historical centered their attention on the cultural - artistic aspect:
of the Renaissance in this or that country, and their inquiry was not limited
to any specific span oi time. Consequently the term Renaissance came to remote
any cultural period which estimated a
filtering of talent. It became a problem
in cultural history, not a period of historical time.
Hay pointed out that the present separation of medieval and modern is based
on the notion of political change. If it
could be shown that the fourteenth, fifteenth and sixteenth centuries saw us
Too Realistic
Helfgott, as the Poet. was approximately
cool and smooth I was confused, though,
as to whether we were supposed to like
him. Perhaps Strindberg intended his
play to end ambiguously. That was how
it affected me.
An entirely successful production of
The Dream Play would have been an
amazing accomplishment. movie’s production was successful in parts but was
marked, i think. by his concern with pros
setting characters automatically.
Page hiv-
assistance
nique political, as well as cultural
changes, then this age might come to
be considered as a distant period. But
Hay sees little hope in this view. The
printer of the sixteenth wanted eventually the same things for the same red—
sons as their predecessors. Nor could one
consider this‘a separatOper'god hgauso‘h
of a social change. Some his plans
have tried to demonstrate that the middle class was rising during this time,
but as Hay said, other historical have
shown that just as many members of
the middle class were falling.
2 Nevertheless, Hay believes (hat one
can justify treating the Renaissance as a
separate period, A change in the “moral
climate" of the culture distinguished it
[mm the medieval period, said Hay. He
cited Hans aaron’s thesis that Florentine scholars demonstrated in the decades around 1400 that "you could be up to
your neck in business," and still be air-
{unusi This‘was a new idea.‘ During the
middle ages, the attitude that virtue only
came to those who turned their banks
on the world had predominated.
Evidence of a change can be seen in
the different attitudes toward various
classical individuals. The Middle Ages
had turned Cicero into a mono, but the
Renaissance viewed him both as “a
thunder and a man of action." Attitudes
toward poverty, politics and trade
changed as well. In the Renaissance,
laid Hay, “the merchant could look his
parish priest in the eye and not feel
guilty."
Donahoe Explains Direction of ‘Milkwood';
Calls Technical Approach ‘Anii-method'
By ANN KIRSCHNER
The main consideration in staying
Under Mllkwood, u play for voices, was
properly intervention Dylan Thomas'
purpose. This was the view of red finance (speech and theatre), director of
last week’s performance and of the first
stated production In this country. “Thomas was sailing at the characters, not
harpooning them. It is not in the spirit
of the play to make fun of them,” he
said.
Another problem Donahoe cited was
"making the whole thing blend into
something which flower without having
a staccato beat," He specified the importance of the actors with only one line
coming on in character and bleeding out
in the same way, not just walking off
after having delivered the one line. To
make this easier, most of the one-owners
were stated in the side areas.
Donahue said that the set had two
main purposes. One was as a rendering
device surrounded by neutral space, as
old as the medieval stage. The other
was as a symbol of the “down-at-the-
 
Oh! Yummiel
HANSEN'S
DANISH MAID
HAVE YOU SEEN
OUR POSTERS?
Don't bother reading them If
you're not interested in money.
lifetime of Iowa is offering
Cash Scholarships of $500 S750 - $1.000 - $1.500.
If you Aren't hire: to work, do yourself a
diamond in money and
layer und take . minute to reach our
various.
WE WILL BE INIElVIEthG
THROUGH YOUR
PLACEMENT OFFICE SOON!
heel Welsh fishing village." The set
could be worked on, under, and around
with a great deal ofrfreedom matching
that of the stage itself in Roberts.” explained Donahue.
“This is not the kind of play that
calls for depth in character, They are
almost caricatures. We do not need to
know Why ali banking is a broken—down
minister in the town, but only that he
is, and we must accept him for it. it
would kill the list of the play if we
knew too much. Our job here is not
to psychoanalyze each character," said
D 0 na h o e, He admitted that this was
“anti—method,” the method being the interpreted identification of the actor with
all aspects of the character, including
his emotional reactions to situations outside the scope of the play. He gave as
an example the character of holly carter, saying that it would be wrong to
portion her as the “town whore.” a
judgment that Thomas did not make.
but rather as a "warm Woman."
Donahoe cut the script back for his
production according to the original
script he received from Thomas him»
self at wellington College, where the
production was first stated. “It had to
be the right length to see their dreams,
see the people in the town, see the
town in action, reveal the characters
and get it down to disk again,” said
Donahoc.
ATTENTION
1766 GRADUATES!
You no invited to in. on. our
excellent can." important r if you
are .ntbitiout. here a "a" wage.
took part in bumper act or and
luv- entitled the draft. w. m .
protective multipleservice bank,
feeding l5 silicon in five years. our
executive Development Program can
quality you. Send your complex. re.
sun. to: M. L, Anderson, personnel
director, City Nntiansi Built ll.
trust Co.. mo and Grand avenue.
panel City, missouri um.
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND ILACK
Friday. May 6. not
 
bSlioultl Appear valuable, Not Irreproaclmble
(Continued from Page 1)
that!" The lack of such conferences is
due to the people who area‘t there, according to Eldridge. and he expressed a
need [or calculated times when people
can discuss problems in policy.
An understanding between students and
administration on the problems of mobility would, hopefully, be promoted by
such discussions. The faculty at the conference felt that basic to the success
of the discussions is for the administrative official to be recognized by both
the student and himself as an authority
who is also a human being. When asked
to make a statement of policy or certification, the official should appear more
flexible |can irreproachable.
Discuss Issues of Privacy
in a writing session Monday afternoon. students and faculty expressed actual policy changes they felt necessary.
The ideas centered around the need for
privacy, accompanied by a certification
of its ends, its degree, its form and its
consequences
Most felt that the request for privacy
does not reply a desire for the opportua
city for sexual interactive. In fact, one
faculty member stated that when students request privacy, they do so with
considerable ambivalence If the request
were studied “in depth,” it would be
found that there are three basic fears
connected with the type oi privacy com
decide to sex:
1, Fear of loss of control over emma
tions.
Zr Fear of more emotional and sexual
involvement than the student is
ready for, and
3. For women particularly, fear of a
ARRIO
AEROSOL DEODORANT
$1.00 value 58‘
RESPOND HAIR SPRAY
Regular or Hurd-lo-hold
$2.35 value 5' ‘1
PERSONNA
INJEOTOR BLADES
99: value 66‘
SHIRTS
Short Sleeve
All nation
Sanforixed 9 1:
All Sizes Kt Colon
loss of reputation which might be
connected With being seen at unlimited open forms.
What is the end, then, that students
want when they request privacy? Conference members agreed that there is a
defining need for a place for arising,
trying, and talking, both among couples
and groups. Both faculty and students
discussed the possibility oi rooms furnished with easy chairs and linoleum,
rooms ConduCiVe to communication
short of interactive. It was generally admitted that the idea was drive and man<
date, but satisfactory to those who
would not want to risk the limitations
of open rooms.
Student representatives were concerned
mainly With the question of facilities
when asked what they would consider
the ideal College situation. They sun<
ordered open rooms as one answer to
privacy, and planned their facilities so
that open forms would not inconvenience
others
Opens Rules by Consensus
Open form policy would he desert
mixed by a consensus of people living
within the unit, regulated in a manner
similar to the planning and enhancing of
quiet hours. The group thinking was that
this specialized open form policy would
be more readily informed if rules were
made by a consensus.
All expressed a need for a realistic
explanation of the administration's ideas
Von privacy, investments they would iu<
that for breaking oi rules, and the psychological consequences that the indiana
dual would suffer.
Discussion of this particular phase oC<
turned in the Monday morning session
karma *
VADEMEOUM
HAND OREAM
99: main. 62‘
DIPPITY - DO
SETTING GEL
Regular er Hard-to-held
stzs main. 11‘
NYLONS
Seamless Mesh
All she: 3 pt. s' 00
MOTH BALLS
Kills notes. eggs. large
'.‘
when Allan Fl Demorcst, DI the master
County Mental Health Service, was the
guest speaker. According to Demorest.
an individual can became as he wishes
if lie I5 willing to suffer the consequences.
A college has no right to control verbal
limits of students, but it can control
hehovorial limits by setting the investments and explaining the consequences. However, Demorest continued,
the administration is not required to jul<
tiny its rationale behind the policies it
follows. The members oi the group
agreed that perhaps this is true from
a legalistic view, but the college, also
Will sticker certain consequences if it
follows this policy.
School Must Know Itself
In the following discussion, Demorest
explained his viewpoint, and stated that
reception against the rules limiting freedom Will not bother a school if the
authority “knows itself and its goals."
However, when the authority is insecure
and does not or cannon state the defining
rules and expectations automatically, the
students have a legitimate issue. Here
the group felt that this confusion is quite
fundamental to a stable community:
“happiness is worse than tyranny”
in presenting his own view on privacy
and its role in the community, Demorest
felt that it is possible to create a psychological privacy, and that students
were not using their implications when
they asked for physical facilities for pro<
vacyi However, the group opposed this
stand by asking where the source of this
psychological freedom items, and they
felt that it was unrealistic to think that
all students are capable of creating such
a world for themselves.
) B8tG Studied
(Continued from Page I)
The coleman report charges “that
workers in Buildings and Grounds,
Housekeeping, and Saga Food Service all
are explained through a combination of
low wages, poor working conditions, and
marsh working schedules."
The Summary Statement oi the report
includes such occupations as:
“Grinnell College is related to be a
kind of haven from the interference. self<
illness and inhumanity of the outside
world. One of the noble objectives or our
college reads: ‘to ultimate him (the
Grinnell Student) towards concern for
his neighbors, democratic ideals, cork
sciouslless of social responsibility, and
life of service to his fellow men.’
“Recall how our whole education at
Grinnell is aimed at this objective, Remember how our humanities and lists‘i<
cal Studies, lectures and selected works
were designed to imbibe us with the liberalrhumanitarian spirit of the Western
Civilization, . .
“How many faculty members know
that while their salaries have been
gambling over each five year period,
other college employees are receiving no
pay increases or increased benefits? Is
the faculty aware that other college em<
players are without individual protection
or promotion plans? Admittedly, faculty
insurance is a major factor for the com
situation oi the present labor system. . .
”Grinnell's pages young minds should
realize that this world is an ugly place
where everyone, including colleges and
educators, grab all they can get at the
expense of others."
In regards to th e s o statements
Richman said they badly needed updating and that investigation would definitely be done during the next year to see
how valid the statements were.
WHERE Y0“ NEVER
9A? new a!
EVERY our DISCQUNT
816 5th Ave.
Erinnell, Iowa
SGORE HAIR OREAM
King Size
$1.09 value 69‘
NENNEN
SKIN RRAGER
$1.10 main. 61‘
ZEST
DEODORANT BEAUTY BAR
23‘
STORE 9
HOURS:
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
9 IIJIL to 7 p.m. Friday
on. to a p.in. Mon. Tues.
Wed., hours.. gui.
MAGLEAN’S Toothpaste
King Size
35: main. 51°
BUFFERIN
bottle of I00
51.39 main. 88‘
FINISS
IZ medicine hopkins
4 boxes 99‘
MOTH ICE NUGGETS
No bringing Odor
19: value 62‘
 
Friday. May 6. mo
Langham Sets Mark;
Trackmen Lose Meet
The Pioneer track team participated
in the brake delays last weekend, but
was not able to pick up any points.
Jeri Langham, running in the open
college-university race, set a new Pioneer mile record with a 4:177 ClDCkil'lg.
He broke his own record of 4:181 which
he set last week, Running in the open
race against all the schools in the meet,
he was not able to place.
The three relay teams that Grinnell
entered failed to qualify for the finals.
Running in the mile relay were Bob
Watt, Mike Schwartz, Rick MacDoweli,
SCARLET AND BLACK
Pn- boy-n
Clark and liable Top Conienders for [M Softball Title
As the intramural season comes to a
close, Clark and liable appear to be
headed for a tie for the softball crown
with one loss apiece. liable has already
finished its season. while Clark was
scheduled to ﬁwish with games with
North yesterday and South today.
liable finished its season Wednesday
and Langham: in the say relay for the
Pioneers it was Watt, Schwartz, Steve
paintball, and Dick Lamb; the college
sprintvmedley relay convicted of Watt,
Lamh, nt-install, and Langham.
when it overcome a West lead title a
rally in the bottom or the seventh ending. Tuesday it beat Smith, who at
that time also only had one loss, 11-8.
Smith still had a chance to take sec<
0nd Wednesday when they faced Clark.
But Clark, who suffered its only loss
to Smith 1772, shipped them.
East, the other continued, finished its
season Wednesday by stopping Gates
48-14, The 45 runs was the highest total
of the year for any team, and set a
new East all»circle record. East, alter
its win over Smith two weeks ago, lost
its much and lost the next two games
and barely squeezed by in the third ba—
more the Gates small. First they lost to
Clark 14-7, then under-manner and overnontident, lost to North after relating
respiratory in the last two ratings. Then
against Langan they found themselves
getting floppy again and blow a 12-1
lead before ﬁrally winning with a run
in the seventh 1514.
North, a last-improving team, can tie
with Smith for fourth with a win over
Clark. After losing three of its ﬁrss
lnur games, it has won the last ﬁve.
Smith, also 673, was expected to have
little trouble in heating Gates this after-
 
How to make a snap course
out of a tough one!
Obviously, Olds 4—4—2 claimed for its ﬁnals. It masters miles with a 400—cubic-inch VeS.
4—barrel carb and a gambling pair of pipes. tools corners with heavy-duty suspension
and front and rear liabilities. Goes to the head of its class with the apartment conﬁduration
ever to top four red-line tires. All this, and straight A's in economics, too. . .
like matching its models price to your pocket!
TEP 01/7 FRONT
... in a WIAL’win Car.’
LOOK TO OLDS FOR THE NEW!
vonoNAno . «mm-elem . matt-tar i emutewm r cuvuss . mi .
lDLDSMDBILE-
re vnul sun-V oLnrMollLK hunt" mm Kawl
slut we we at, turns nu Aevloul
 
 
 
 
 
Van rachel solar Sales
Your automobile Dealer in Grinnell
Step Up To
JD'S RES'lAURANT
operated _ u min sun. Grlnnell
Headquarters For:
HOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEAIERS - DRESSES
mat/9% ‘
APPAREL
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 235-397?
E. J.lenses, O.D.
OPTOMEYRIS'I'
Across from Post Office
Claw! hours. PM.
and Sat, PM,
"ir ls cenLkALLY known, at h augltl
(o be, that Arnold payable‘s low
sigma/ “in.” m eau summary.
Yet Toynbee, {or rather inexplicable
tenant, in” may: it \‘i/lbs: ten.
station in the receiving Wm, while
Spengler remain: failed in the dark-h
non (amp the admin Such Zeitgeist
so finally seeﬂl tar intellectual:
or farm‘n ammo... am All:
Nari: am indeed wrong—trim
it no race a!
Unlermenxchen,
nut alert the
term-m."
m u «m Copy .l it.
(“rent inn. 0’ ma
\‘loNAL Isvtrw, ant.
to mp4, 0-1. m e
3: M. N. 1. lo. N. I.
 
 
Page high‘i
Record Breaking . . .
 
on His way lo e new variety record or or, linksman
love shellenbarger chips one to the green in e fuel rneei
with joe last Tuesday. Although his round included three
babies. Shellenbarger garden tour studies. including a
30-foot chip shot that found its way into the hole. Shellenbarger's redeem round helped the Pioneers to link their
opponent brown joe by a score or [5-5, raising illeir fuel
,robot record to 4.3. red sister, whose 70 had been the
previous record, turned in e 75 ten the day to beat in:
joe. Bill to. war aim successful with in so.
SCARLET AND BLACK
friday, May 5. into
Honor G Awards Theophilus Trophy lo langham
As Outstanding Senior Pioneer Athlete of '65-'66
Jeri Langham, a Sryear track
and cross country star, Wednesday night was named the David
Theophilus trophy winner as
Grinnell College’s outstanding
senior achieve of 1965-66. The
trophy was presented to Langham at the annual Honor 0
batteries’s club bouquet,
Langham, who douglas as a
middle distinction and distinction, was Midwest Conference Esoryard champion as a
sophomore and the son and 1—
mile tourist as a junior. He also
ran on Pioneer mile relay units
that set new loop records hotel
years.
He has twice powered the
Grinnell mile learn this spring,
shopping it first to 4:181 and
then to 4:17.7. and also has his
name in four other spots in the
school record book — as a
member or the mile, sprint
wesley, 27mile, and distance
wesley ioursomes which wrote
new Standards in 1964. In cross
country, Langham placed sixth,
seventh, and rights in conference meet action during his seasons of variety competition.
A memorial to a Grinnell
printer and wrestler who graduated in 1951 and died in action
in Korea in 1953, the Theophilus award is given to a senior
each year on the basis or pe'ra
instance. leadership, and scholastic records.
John jersey received the Midwest conference’s Roy sellers
scholar-achieve tr o p h y. The
award is presented annually to
i
Mike canyon, track and cross
country runner, received the
G. center Duke trophy as the
college’s outstanding treshman
achieve.
brain L. Simone and Richard
B. Young, who are leaving the‘
coaching staff at the close of
this academic year, were given
infrared silver teachers. Simone has served as head swimming, soccer, golf, tennis, track
and cross country coach during
his 17 years at Grinnell, and
Young has been head track and
cross country mentor the last
eight years.
permits. C. Ludwig, who left
his position as Grinnell Vice
president May 1 to become collector ui planning and development at the University of Iowa.
i ,
LANGHAM FAILED TO PLACE in the mile run against all the schools in the brake delays
but in the open collegeuniversny race he «rat a Grinnell record with a time or 4:l7,7.
His old record — not led week — see 4mm. Langham in teen finishing in the open
in which he didn't place.
3
Who Is your Ideal sales Thousands use Central Control and Its high-speed
computer for a live. flesh~and-blood answer to this question.
Your Ideal data - such a person exists, oi course.
But how to gel acquainted? our Central Control computer
processes 10.0% names an hour. How long would it lake
you to meat and form an opinion of that many people?
You will be matched with live usually suited person:
oi the opposite sex, right in your own locale (or In any
area oi the IJ.S. you specify). Simply, send $3.00 to general
Control let your questionnaire. Each oi the live will be
is perfectly matched with you In interests, outlook and
background as computer science makes possible.
Celillzl Control I: nationwide, but Its program: In
completely locations. Hundreds oi thousands nl vigoroux
aid alert subscribers, all sharing the desire to meet their
Ideal dates, have found computer dating to be exciting and
highly acceptable.
, All five oi your ideal dale: will he delighliul. So
harry and send your 33.00 for your questionnaire.
CENTRAL CONTROL, Inc.
22 Park Avenue 0 Oklahoma clay, Oklahom-
the conference senior who ate
raised the highest grade-point
average during his junior year
while featuring in two or more
sports.
A psychology major with a
3,80 graderpnint average, jersey
is the first Grinnellian to receive the sellers trophy. He
has won three football letters
and is seeking his third track
letter this spring.
Most valuable and most improved awards went to the following Pioneer athletes:
Paul Thurston, most Valuable
football sitemap; Dick Lamb,
most valuable football back;
Langham, most valuable in
cross country; Jeri grants, most
Valuable in basketball; Bill
games, most valuable wrestler;
and Rick Seiiert, most improved
sticker.
Individual graphics were presented to members of Grinnell’s
Midwest Conference championship wrestling team.
You’re’in the Pepsi genesﬁon!
 
was cited for his service to the
Grinnell athletic and physical
education programs.
President Glenn suggest, the
bouquet speaker, was made an
contrary member of Honor G.
It was the first Honor G bouquet for suggest.
Announced as Honor G officers for 1966r67 were Rick Anderson, president; Bob Watt,
vice president; Doug gray, secretary; Dave Schatz, treasurer;
and Lamb, social chairman,
For School or
“powder .
Supplies .
Grinnell
Office Supply
Aaron from the Pos’r office
GRINNELL. IOWA
 
