Grinnell College
9mm B
Oldest College Newspaper Wesi of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXIII
Grinneli, Iowa, Friday, February 4, I966
 
SENATOR RICK HEILBRON spoke against the proposed evolution oi the Senate at
Wednesday evening's meeting. Heilbrcn, who originally supported the proposal. said he
felt that the ultimate goals had been forgotten. The measure went down I7-5,
 
Senate Revamp repeated
By ALAN AXELROD
The Senate lives on.
The proposal made by SGA
President Jerry forward which
sought to english the senate was
detected Wednesday night 17-5.
Senator Dan Bucks opened dis
session of the proposal With an
explanation or his stand on the
proposal, “My opposition is not
based on romantic wishiulness for
the past. I feel that the goals of
the proposal such as improved
rule enforcement and increased
efficiency can he achieved in other
ways.
Bucks went on to express the
feeling that the proposed form
oi government would narrow the
range of participation in student
government by delegation all legislative responsibility to the hall
treatments. He said that some of
the projects oi the Senate, such
as the committee investigation
admission‘s practices and the
distribution of course evaluation
forms. had been worthwhile and
that the senate has the ability to
function as an effective legislative body.
At this point Bucks distributed
photographer copies of suggested changes in the organization of
SGA His suggestions detailed
three proposals: the return to a
senate composed of two representatives from each hall, the selection of the speaker of the senate
by the SGA president with approval by the senate, and the power
to indicate proposals for changes
in conduct regulations and res-
‘SYNTHESIS'—
(Continued on Page 5)
Student Group Forms
7' Seek role (bodies
About thirty students — most or them freshmen —- met last night in
the South Lounge in the most recent of a series of “organizational" meetings. The group is organizing what they call the “Grinnell Committee for
Student Involvement” and are interested primarily in rule changes at
Grinnell.
A steering committee met shortly before the main meeting and are
pointed officers. The officers are: David device, chairman; Carl declined, vice chairman; Kit order, secretary; and Richard raised, treasurer, Chairman device explained that “we coupon’t decide who should
be voting members” and said that in a month or so there would be an
election by the entire group for officers,
device read the group's guidelines, calling the group “an organization seeking to promote the active involvement of Grinnell students in
the important issues and decisions which direct them."
The guidelines went on to say that “Grinnell students have the right
to maximum intellectual and social freedom and that this is nice are
for the full development of independence, majority, and respond y.”
In order to reach these ends, device indicated that the organization
would work through committees, The committees named were “public
affairs, student government, social rules and action, faculty and administration, academic and coordination,"
Levtne said that lifetime early next week —- he wash’t sure when‘
or where — the group would have a general meeting open to everyone.
When asked if the group was to have a limited membership he replied
that it would be limited “to however wants to join."
em
 
 
no 4
DAVID LEVINE (left) and Carl airlines [right], chairman
and vice-chairman respectively at the Grinnell committee
tar Student involvement, looked on wednesday night at the
senate meeting. '
limitation Causes Suspension
 
 
A Smith Hall sophomore has
been suspended for the rest of
the academic year by the Faculty Committee on Student Affairs.
The student was suspended for
 
Eastern Newsmen
Talk with Students
retention Far Eastern journalists, visiting in the United states
for a mouth, were'on campus‘last
Friday and participated in it slowmnVing coffee hour ill South
Lounge.
A journalist formerly from canon hopefully attempted to answer
two questions at such length, and
with such an accent, that interest
wanted.
He answered a question concerning the common interest at
Russia and the United States in
the containment of Red China, by
saying that the diet Nam war was
one of congress and that China
would never be satisfied with half
of the country.
Speaking on other topics the
journalists could not understand
the U.S.'s lack of a full effort in
diet Nam and they did not look
for a “strong man" to take over
there.
, s
, somewhere
 
THE CHEMISTRY LAB attempted a visit From this science writer, shown with Grinnell student
Stephen Wielgoz. The writer was one of l7 journalists from the Far East.
having a woman in his room illegallyr He was represented
Friday morning when a building.
and Grounds electricity entered
his room.
The student refused to reveal
the name of the woman involved.
The committee tank final action on the student’s case mesa
day. The committee had after on
the case earlier and on Tuesday
passed final judgment on an appeal by the student. ;,
5, Eugene Thompson, dean ot
men, reports that the student will
probably he able to enter school
else this semester
and thus maintain his draft de<
percent status. Thompson also
said that the student will be allowed to return to Griunell next
fall.
L ADDRESS HERE:
6231103
eve-"ﬁn
 
' aug. 7w.
sellers
Prof [ambush S&B's application
0f Student Socialslcademic Life
To the Editor:
Congratulations! Just when
Grinnell is threatened with total
convergence in the cant of hip»
ocrisy the S&B’s dynamic editor
comes through again. You are
quite right to take the faculty
and administration to task for not
having I movement and uniform
view of students. Down with individuality and difference! Let's
quit bidding and estate social lite
completely with academic life
and stop trying to make meaningless destinations within the sphere
of "academic experience” The
college authorities have reported
basically from their suspicious
view of the students, of whom they
always suspect the Worst, by
institution the “credit-fail" system. You have continuously
elected everyone to this and suggested it would be english to ex
resident and hope the students
would act with responsibility. Of
course they will abuse the system
and silly ideas that they Won’t
should not be allowed to masquerade under the cover of a supported liberal experiment.
uwever, I also support you in
your call for a new unified view
or the students. Let us assume,
Is they so often tell us, that they
are far more mature than we give
them credit for. Let us abﬂlist all
grades and have a complete crew.
.It-fail system. Let’s get rid of the
hypocrisy of letters of recommendation to grad schools and supply
each professor with a printed
sheet of paper (using a good
stock, of course) whore he can
 
fill in the name of the student
and then check either “recommended" or “not recommended
for graduate Study.” 1 mean, after
all, either a student is or he or
she inn’t. No need for advisors —
who do little anyway but try to
im one their views on students H
bit eur students know what they
want.
Let’s carry this over to social
life, too. english all rules and let
the iowa State Police and Liquor
Commission into the forms to
handle that question. Forget about
having means interface with the
authorities if students get into
trouble, either on campus or
downtown. After all. students are
mature enou h not to need the
protection 0 a ”logo parent".
What is more hypothetical than
cutting our students off from the
way others live and thereby making them specials
Counseling emotional problems
and all that jazz are the business
of the students and the parents.
Let’s also make them responsible
for the repair and upkeep of their
living quarters, the way one is in
the real world. This would not
only cut down on the hypocrisy
but eliminate constant tension be
green the students and 13ch (of
course it might take a while to
find something else to talk about).
in short, a loud murray for your
spproachl You didn't quite go far
enough and women't quite logical
enough but that’s why we are here
~ to help pride you. Please enlist
one enthusiastic supported and
guide.
A Friendly Faculty Member
 
wilson Letter projects
Campus Politics, SGA
To the Editor:
The upcoming contest for the
SGA providence promises to be
our first free, allcampus election
in three years. Since the spring
of 1954, two prospective candy
dates have been presented from
running for this office by outright political optimization. Campaign costs have grown probe
five to many. effort in last ycai
Senate to correct this abuse were
squelchcd by those whose mtcr
ests required the exclusion of
others from student government.
The consequences of this neglir
genes are plain to see. The cam»
put political structure has be
come a closed system, unrespon
site to creative initiatives from
the student body. As one example,
the Senate this year twice refused
to provide funds for the Des
holmes project, although more
than seven hundred students have
agreed to support this effort by
a onetneal fast Also, no construction response has been given to
faculty proposals for the reform
of the hall system. Administration intervention in this matter
results from a failure of students
and their government to develop
and implement meaningful goals
in community living. One faculty
member has trenchantly expressed
the current inertia in SSA: “other
me, llle deliver"
the one rates present per.
variance in terms of past achieve
ment at Grinnell, the record of
the forward administration is dis
comparing. postposted with the
proceeding builds of students and
faculty who founded the united
sittcs of Europe, the story be
comes relatively delicious. Though
campus respect for our government has seriously incorporated,
one may hope that certain immc
deals changes by a vigorous 2dr
registration can reverse the
trend.
F an open political process
CHANGES~
(Continued on Page 6)
 
charles and Black
GRINNELL COLLEGI
Griunull. lawn
a weekly ucuspupe. published cure Friday of the color the critical Coinrnrttcs on Student publish
cscuicd lbs national advertising by National Ad-
Sc inc
‘l. uunl,
Course Publishers Rrbreseniuuvs,
\ew York 22, N it. Second class post.
iowa subscription role ssbu per
i .
our rcai lsuo nslrl subsLl’lDtmns.
> s
lt)l'l'OR
discuss MANAGILR
' bus ~roll
idNur EDIIOH .
rtlllzr Ul- uncadu him
thtuUlAllU-V MANAGER
ncuLATloN MANAGER
Alun Axelrud sue
in Duw cu, Ann waiver, Mary calcium.
" chi cuodv.
Bolt liodlcrns
llurold i-usan
, there cam
, Paul brumcy
sun Taylor
wr chandlcr man-u
Suzy will
. Mlkz Siollcr
call. married, him stories
bunrccr. Marina jersey.
bobby l'llnnvllit. alone romcrnnre, netrbmn ills-c. .loltu iVolr
 
SCARLET AND ILACK
Doug McCormac
Friday. Fobru-ry 4, I?“
The bridge Pot
In this age of democratic concern over the surplus
quantities 0t loudstutls that are such an erotic waste
and expense, it is surprising that another sorelypressing surplus has been long ignored by the Ameri.
can public. Such august societies as the D.A,R. and
the P.T.A. have no official viewpoint on the subject,
and even recently relevant information has been
search.
The problem, of course, is that of an excessive
number of courses. Doubt of the security of the problem now files most of the even well-informed public
with apache, and the peace and quiet of contemporary categories seem to after a gentle restaurants.
But the truth can be found in the August edition
of The norwegian’s Digest (p. 23): “ The course surplus is the gruesome counterpart ol the population
explosion . . . it has reached almost academic productions . . . soon our trademarks may look like overnight junkyards.”
A serious side-effect, which ultimately may rain
our medical profession, is the large number of managers now being supplied to medical schools. become
Heart, dean of Jack Hopkins, has much to say on
the subject.
“This Situation is really awful! It's comparable.
So many people holidays think they are doing the
one good need of their lives when they give their
bodies to science, but they're really just housing up
our whole program.
“Here at J. Hi we have so many managers that we
have to keep our boys up half the night, warning and
pricing and singing away. As you know, you can’t
keep a dead body forever like a can of beans. And
you Can't look a gift-horse in the mouth, either. So
there we are, stuck With helps of quickly little old
ladies and (at old corners and such.
“If these people really wanted to do their country
some good, they would live longer. Or they could go
somewhere inconspicuous to die. At least, then, they
would not add to the problem.“
Enlightened compensation on the Situation have
seen some promise in the government's recent recognition of the problem. Through Such modem tech
niques as the war in diet Nam, bodies are delivered
to foreign lands and are legally and judiciously disc
based our
specialists have noted the extreme reliability of
rice-parties for mass buffalo, and the government
has further out the expense of the project by elite—
rating cold-storage and sending the bodies over
while still alive.
Yet, the proposals in diet Nam are only a drop
in the budget when placed in the perspective of the
entire population The Dead senate still exists, and
if current trends continue increased, by the year
2050 every man, woman, and child can look lDrWald
to only three square inches in which to be buried.
“What can I do?" the responsible citizen must
ask. if only man had the leading instance and ran
to the sea, or it he were an elephant with one llllal
testing ground, the citizen could act.
The lasting solution now lies only in the hands of
him whose longer tests over the nuclear button. The
natural and harmonious productions of banking can
be restored only by such a purse of fire. Let us pray
that that day comes before our program have no
place at all to call a grave
 
Letter vol ice
The following Shall be the editorial policy of the son with regard to the publication of letters
to the editor:
I) The editor of the 35d! reserves
the right to edit all letters he receives. He reserves this right in
order to protect the 55:3 from label and to protect the S&B from
publishing nothing forbidden by
the Faculty Committee on Student
Publications, specsﬁcalls, observe
words and phrases;
1.) All letters must be signed
Letters will be printed anonymously but the editor must know who
wmtethem.
novelty of Ecology Class Criticized;
Naturalist explorer yesterday needs
To the Editor:
1 love my school, and the principles for which it stands, My
heart beats currently when i think
of the good will endangered by
many of her sons and daughters
in these times of strike. The Gl .
well community may take ride
in the spirit of peace and illness ruling most of the people
here, but h dark cloud threatens
the blue sky of Grinnell’s worthy
nature. There is on campus a
group or people _ i heritage to
call them such — dedicated to
 
Kirschner Protest Letter provides
Swee Discussion of Lack of Privacy
To the Editor'
As was r ‘ignored in Miss
Ku‘school’s letter, there 13 )1 baSic diversity between what this
college purposes in do and what
it really does. ellis is to be ex»
posted. No one can blame the college [or trying to present the best
village it can. Wth is sad IS that
the catalog is the only basis in
choosing a college to which to
apply. This, of course, leads to
the obvious disappointments But
it seems to me that more is no
season Why the college can't be
made to live up lo its projected
image more fully. i would like
to discuss the main areas of Student life, namely study and social
functions, with this all mind,
Now, while it is true that me
college provides a number of
places to study outside of [he std»
deals’ rooms, it is also true that
these areas could be both improved and enhanced upon. For
me, the noise. glory library does
not have the proper atmosphere
for study. This could be remedies,
partly by more cooperation on the
part oi the administration to can
[ml the noise level of the offices
situated ill the basement and the
first floor. Purl. of the library's
problem lies in its modern glass
structure. To me. a library is a
place in which you can look for
it certain kind of isolation. The
 
large glass windows prevent you
 
from getting any sense of privacy,
except In a few selected seats himself among the books upstairs.
The place of the lights also presents isolation. The place pro»
dutch an atmosphere of noise and
traveling, instead of the more austria, l'cornell mood of a good library. contains and poster lights
with individual desk lamps could
help here
The rooms in A RH. and Goodnow are not really meant for
studying. The seats in Ah H. are
uncomfortable while the lighting
in Goodnow is poor, The rooms
in the Science building and Car.
begin are excellent. My only com»
plains is that there area’t store of
them, I say this even though I
know for a fact that they are never very full. This is because the
feeling of privacy is joined if
more than a few people are in
these small rooms, Although the
South Lounge is sometimes used
for studying, students should not
feel that they have to whether
there, for it was originally intended for informal conversation.
It's up to the students themselves
to bring this about
As the college offers the students certain places to study. so
does it offer them certain places
to talk. There are many places
where two people can talk a1»
TWO CAN~
(Continued on Page 5)
 
[he wanted slaughter of small
animals in the Grinnell areas
These persons use the biology de»
partners as a front to send their
yesterday enterprise good name
and a legitimate cover. They have
managed to hoodwink the faculty
into designing them a class time
and the use of facilities or the
school, under the name of a class
in “Animal Ecology."
Days ago, those villages set out
into the fields and sales of the
Grinncll area with the purpose oi
setting out truck mechanical trips
to kill or mail small animals
want -' g shield in their struggle
for girl place. in ten days, they
have caught approximately 140
wellness animals, Why must this
installation go on? Shall we per.
mit such pointed novelty to pro
need? What is the purpose of
these fields? They support to be
taking a scientific surrey which
needs to measure a cross section
of the animal population. This 1
can understand, but I cannon \understand why they must be killed.
in my english, i asked one of the
coin nals why. He merely rcloricd
with glen, “the little bernard arc
ellslcr to measure when they are
frozen still!" Another time, he
reported with obvious satisfaction
that they had killed a chickadcc.
l-ic wash't so happy another day
when they caught a bird by the
foot; they lot him go in hopes hc
might bronze to death with a
broken leg.
Picture. gentle reader, an out
may caught and greeting to death,
The poor dumb animals try to
trail away. but the demand wire
the trips in place. One or the
trailers printed and explained
with organic glen that “When J‘ou
see the trap upsidevdown at the
end. of the Wire, you know you've
got one!” Oh mirrors! I must roll
you, they crew their legs on to
free themselves, only to freeze to
death or die from loss of blood.
Gentle sir, help me by telling
llle students of fair Grinnell cl
this masquerade, and lead us in
its destruction. Let “5 fight creek»
ty at Grinnelll Friends of peace
arise! GRINNELL WILL BE
OURSlli
' A other of Birds and Mice
 
Friday, February 4, not.
living, Woods Discuss inconsistency
In Policy on Restrictions, Freedom
To the Editor:
it appears to us that there are
A number of inconsistencies in
regard to certain social rules at
Gl'illness. On the one hand the coin
love purposes to develop responsibility in its students and on the
other hand shows a district of
their own Judgment by choosing
loans unwarranted restrictions
For example, we are regularly
allowed open forms for only three
hours on Sunday afterwards. Why
so subsequently? We regard open
forms as not only an occasion for
couples to be alone but also as an
opportunity for groups of friends
to get together informally. More
open forms would permit order
interaction between men and
women,
Another example oi the college's failure to treat students as
mature individuals is the policy
or hours for women, reinforced by
the highway locking of the logged.
It' a girl is to learn to be responsible in her actions she must be.
win by determining her own restrictions as she has to away from
Gi‘install. We recognize the concern for the safety of the female
population. However, the locking
out of ‘undesirahles' should not
necessarily the locking in of the
women. Therefore we suggest
some sort of system thereby the
women are given keys to at least
one door of the logged, so that
they may come and go at their
own discretion.
These are the most prominent
SCARLET AND BLACK
Question Letter
To the Editor:
Questions:
Could someone please tell me
what a beatles is? Has anyone ev»
er seen a beatles? At Grinnell
College? Has anyone ever realized
that the only beatles was the ﬁrss
(me? Which means, of course, that
it there is a beatles on this camp
us, we have the first beatles west
of the Mississippi?
Why do so many people use
words that don't mean anything?
Paul R. Jones
among many rules which evidence
a failure on the part of the college to respect the students as
responsible members of the community. We feel that the college
should alter either these restrictions or the stated goals of a print
well education.
Sue device
Laurie Woods
David Lighthourne
trains and rivers
I was both headlines and approved by Sandy Mc»
partner cheers’ letter in the January let 5&3. it
was all about Grinnell as a place to “face yourself,” but Mrs. cheers seems to have Grinnell confused with some seriously idyllic combination of
both troglodytlc and pastoral features. Thurtun
silver once said that “the price one pays for a love
that cannon integrate its hate is sentimentality";
think this may be the problem,
It's possible to talk about SAGA load with a can
tall] bemusemeiu, and it’s possible to look beyond
the architectural Catastrophe Called morris Hall to
the North and see a “barn posted Countryside." But
if this is your participation, you won’t really be
facing the important issues; all you'll be facing
Wlil be some betty considerations about an institution which all too often has a merchant for retailers.
Mrs. sellers writes of spending ”four years
fucked away , . . finding what makes you pick”
and my real quarter is this “fucked away” business
~ as if the process toward majority were a medline story told at length and at leisure, amidst a
muscle but mainly privacy out in the sticks. Shades
of whereas we then must be, full grown as freshmen
With nothing before us but the nominations at our
sensitive hearts and introspective interfaces. Mrs.
sellers end wilbur links ought to get together.
The trouble is that growing up is a definition of
himself, is announcement of being and sexuality by
the process of mutual exclusion. We ﬁnd ourselves
by elimination other possibilities. Fortunately or unfortunately, this process has become so programmes
is our socidpsycholugical time that the administration's alternative is calling a half and allowing the
student to post about it in a suspended state or evanescence. But a appointment to the process of mutual exclusion is a appointment to action, to an expensive son of exploration through a certain inevituble amount of chaos and confusion. resulting personal issues means the “exercise of human societies
Photo Credits
page i: ul., b., stories; on, \roll
Page 3 Butt
Page a. ul., l-college; u.r., willieliu
Page 5: Sturgls
P’toe e- stores
Step Up To
m
CLOSE YOUR EYES IF YOU MUST!
This may h. the mat [looking motion piotun you have "or count
at large", with passion and list - getting on with
the whole handle of Selfrdeflnltlon in an active, vital
way.
Consequently, anyone who has the nerve to administer a modern college must have the nerve
to moderate conﬂict and diversity. education is no
more a function of grace and liability than it is a
function of freedom and denial, The process of
motivation is, traditionally, too much for ordinary
society to take, because ordinary society, especially
in our time, usually ignored or procrastinates issues
which implement. expensive, garrulous youth simply
must resolve.
If this all sounds like quite a strain on your more
next, ordered kinds oi people, the process has its certain advantages, To echo weight MacDonald, “The
past cultures 1 most advice have mostly been produced by communities, and remarkable small ones
at that. Also remarkable heterogeneous ones, given
by (action, stores wuh passionate antagonisms.”
Out of desperate and multiplicity you get a continuing atmosphere of vitamins, productivity, creativity
and funﬁclient.
Mrs. cheers speaks for “the odd ones" and on
posts Mr. Schifi, but i wonder which of them knew
Grinuell badly, as an exciting, stimulating place. I
can imagine both, perhaps, but i wonder what each
would think of a relay visit and a current impression of the Grinneli atmosphere, an atmosphere
which processors explicitly name as their reasons for
incident department, an atmosphere with synthetic
acceptance of a right social structure and a darkness among students. It's always been curious to
me how the more exciting and stimulating, Vital
student always manager to eventually disappear;
I've heard that the nursing boys provide free gifts
to the bus station. Meanwhile, it i may be permitted
to speak of the assure, 3 large segment of the
faculty seems to be certified because the institution’s updates have a hosting attitude toward their
pages.
SUN. Thru WED.
Continuous Sun. from 2:00
logo “VS
will-Year Thai Scholar
Writes of Spirit Cult
To the Editor:
As school in Thailand draws to
a close for another year, 1 wish
to relate to the Grinnell students
some of my experiences during
the past year and a half. During
this time I have been teaching
English at The Prince Royal‘s
College in Chiengmai. l teach 9th
grade boys. and llth and 12th
grade computational classes. The
teaching is quite integrating at
times because of the poor English
foundations of some of the students. At P.R,C., English is
taught from the second grade on,
and is a required subject. The Stu
cents study from five to eight
hours a week. The program looks
good, but the Thai educational
system allows students to pass a
whole year's work on an over-all
average. Therefore, if a student
does well in Boy Scouts, agriculture,_and art, and fails English,
he still passes on to the next grade
with no foundation for the next
year’s English work.
Aside from this problem, however, the life has been very interesting. It would be impossible for
me to measure the knowledge that
I have gained. At a glance, Thailand seems to be a fairly well Ileveloped country. If one only visited Bangkok, the capitol, he’d
think that he were in any big city
tour
 
with its trayﬁc problems, bl;
buildings, and commercialization.
Even in Chiengmai we see a great
deal of Western influence. In the
Lime 1 have been here, new, movies‘n hotels h ve driven; Honda:
and automobi es have replaced bicycles; translator radios are heard
in all of the stores bearing American rock ’n' roll music; television.
are coming into more homes;
Western styles in clothing are replacing the simple Thai dress;
and men’s and women's hair styles
are copied from the latest style
magazines.
The longer one lives in Asil,
however, the more one realized
the culture is not the same as in
the West. There is a slow, tropical pace of like. It is quite (asbionahle to be late for appointments, or not to appear at all
without notice. The students arc
not used to responsibility, and or.
navigation is very unorganized.
Their attitudes toward life, death,
and darkness are quite foreign to
our way of thinking because many
of them are Buddhists. Buddhism
is the national religion.
I recently had an opportunity
to attend a meeting with a “spirit
medium, Most Thai believe i-
SPIRITS—
(continued on Page 7)
THAI wnlsxsv. chicken and changes make up a typical
Thai 'spirit“ offering, pictures above. The gift; are given
when the spirit at a dead person is contacted by the living.
 
LONGHORN
GOOD FOOD
PLEASANT ATMOSPHERE
BIZARRE!
MON.-§AT. B A.M.-1I PM.
Bar Open ‘Til Midnlte
(Closed Sundays 'Til April I)
"COME lN AND SEE US"
The Longhorn
STARTLINGI
JD‘S RESYAURANT
operated — in my. Main, Grlunell
I ‘ -.
pioneer Bynwmuw calm and years ROUSYANG rwanda EyTuM oowr
related a, Enou/tﬁu iocearau -china ov EASTMANCULOR
 
 
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Fridayi February 4. l9“
 
roll: camp . . .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50K! BLAHM! ORK! wnh a blogging flash ol speed mailman and Robin pushed lo like defense sl lrulll. justice and
the counter way of life Wednesday rrlghl in a low camp
performance in the Grill. This episode was enabled before
its checking magnitude who. ii seemed, may have had loml
prior knowledge sl who? was coming.
 
Half-price to
college students (trillfaeultr .-
the newspaper that
newspaper people
metal. . .
At last count, we had more than 3,800 news
paper editors on our list of subscribers to The
Christian Science Monitor. Editors from all
over the world.
There is a good reason why these "pros” read
the Monitor: the Monitor is the world's only
daily international newspaper. Unlike local
papers, the Monitor focuses exclusively on
world news — the important news.
The Monitor defects the news it considers
most signsﬁcant and reports it, interviews it,
analyses it — in depth. It takes you further into
the news than any local paper can.
If this is the kind of paper you would like to
be reading, we will send it to you right away at
half the regular price of $24.00 a year.
Clip the coupon. Find out why newspapermen themselves read the Monitor — and why
they invariably name it as one of the live best
papers in the"world.
The Christian Science Monitor
1 Norway Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02115
Please enter 1 Monitor subscription for the name below.
I am including s___.~__.. (U. s. funds) [or the pen'od
.checked.n 1 your 112 u 0 months :9 D a months so
Nsim
Stream, Apt/Rm. #..._
only,
E] College student.
I] Faculty member
State;._.._..,...., Zip,.._.._..
Year or graduation e
L__-—.-..--....---..-__-_l
 
SAGA Gives $280
For Project Fast
Bill Downey, chairman of the
Des points Project, has provided
SAGA with the signatures of 710
. . . Lower (lamp
students who have agreed to last
as a mud-raising project for the
group, The fast will be held on
Friday night Feb. 25, and will new
the group $230.
The idea of a fast as a fundraising pi'elect began last year
when the Civil rights group made
an agreement with SAGA. The
terms of the part were that the
group would receive 5.40 in each
person listing, and 5.60 each if
enough students faster to allow
one dining room to be closed (700
students) This year, however, SAr
GA refused [0 give any funds unless 700 students faster. Although
the required number agreed, and
Cowles dining room will be closed,
SAGA will allow only $.40 per sub
sent for this fast.
The refund from SAGA will be
used to support project leader
Billy King and to turkish transportation to Des points (or the
think Grinnellians participating in
the program.
Current goals are establishment
of a “penalty’ union” and improvement of housing conditions
in Walnut Hills, the area of Des
points in which the group is
working.
visit'or La ads Math
Dr. Steve Armentmut, Professor of Mathematics at the U 'version of Iowa, will visit Gr
well on Tuesday under the sponsorship of the Mathematical Association of America, with financial
support from the National Science
Foundation.
Dr. Armentruut received his
BA. and Ph. D. from the university of Texas in 1956. He was a
member of the Institute for Advanced Study in 1964765. His research interests are primarily in
theology. particularly upper semiconlinuous accommodations and the
theology oi Euclidean 3«space.
In addition to discussions with
students and (equity, Dr. Armentrout will give an open lecture at
7:15 pm. in the science lecture
room on Tuesday.
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
Now Serving
CHICKEN
SPAGHETTI
SHRIMP
highway 5-12
FREE DELIVERY
To Hall younger Only
PIHA SERVED
4-1 MOE-SAT.
4-12 SUN.
PHONE
236-5331
No, this inn't a textbook hall picture or world counter.
H's s candle show taken at a typical rehearsal ol lhsl 7L
Iuslrlcus fun-loving campus entertainment group. the Scarlefeers.
Why the picture? Because they're going lo give a com
cell tomorrow rrlghl lsslurdsyl al9130 pm. in ARH audiforium and they want’ YOU lo lhowohour ii! You might
even call ll Scarleieers In concern [if you Were a scarleleer
and coupon'rlhinh of a better names.
they'determining a solid fun«fi||ed and thrill-packed
hour and a half of ladies. naples. and other miscellaneous
cookies. In true louisville rrsdillorr they'll make you laugh
grid they-ll make you cry. You‘ll hear everything lrorr. lhsi
old SIC classic "evening" lo the varieties oi the Beach.
boys,'Everyllling from irselured favorites fa color songs.
There will be special features. slut and even a low commerclsls.
Dick Bailey, Tom Pope, Bill Hughes, Dick lovely. Al
russian, John Phillips, Jim such. and Rick McDowell have
literally been processing for DAYS in prepare this concern
for the Grinnell campus. Don't miss it. [The.concern is also
going to double as a live recording session for the SIC LP
lo come our later in the years
Don't cornell her who Scarleleers give YOU a song and
dance. Tomorrow night. saturday. or we pm. in ARH
sudllorlurrr. Admission is heel
 
 
generates Will Outline VISTA Program
Representatives fr o m Volunteers in Service to America (VISTA) will be here Monday to outline this domestic program and its
role in the war on poverty.
They will be in room 23 in ARH
from 9 em. to 4 p.m. to talk to
students and townspeople.
Preceding their Visit, a film de»
picking VISTA in actor will be
shown at 7 pm. Sunday in the
JUST RECEIVED
King’s
Valentine candy
Hearts
w a *
Gi s. we Have
Dqurry Eye Makeup
sharp Pharmacy
 
main lecture hall (room 171) in
the science building.
“We’re looking for volunteers oi
all backgrounds and abilities," reported John members, leader oi the
VISTA continuing. He described
VISTA volunteers as “people who
can listen, understand, and communicate with others and who are
committed enough to live and
work for a year among the poor
of this country.”
At present, 1,700 VISTA volunteers are in training or on assign<
ment to poverty areas throughout
the United States. Serving on indian reservations, among warrant
farm workers, in urban sluts,
and in rural packets or poverty
from Appalachian follows in Alan
can villages, they are “involved
in a list of activities as long as
the problems which poverty creates," members noted. ,
Persons over 18 are eligible to
join vlSTA.
 
Harry's Sport Shop
we SHARPEN ICE SKATES
Hollow print Process
 
w
Friday. February 4. mo
SCARLET AND BLACK
Dona/toe Stages a Living Drama
By SUE BAUMER
The audience sat waiting for the
play to begin, while the cast
miller around, as if it tax was
waiting for something to happen—
perhaps the entrance of the main
actor.
A manually dressed, learned
man, holding a cigarette, sponsored in and then began the drama
nf the drama.
The learned mali, none other
than red Donahoe (speech and
theater) brought to us, an aiidie
enoe of reporters for the Sim, during a rehearsal of the. coming
play, Antigone, not only the drama
of the play itself, but also the
drama of director and actors
working together.
able time searching for words as
does a person when trying to explain something accurately,
The plot at Antigone by Jean
Amourlh is adapted from the
Greek play or the same name by
Sophocles. it has the same characters as the Greek play, but the
language and dress is modern.
The problem or resulting one’s
individual conference with the dice
rates of the state or society forms
the core of the play. This problem
is obviously a universal one, sweet
with by whereas in "Civil Disnbedience,” plate in his “Diae
logged,". and applicable to Civil
Rights and the view main situation today.
The ancient Greek play Antigone involves two sons and two
and the cast. Donahoe interested
between talking to us, playing a
role, and actually direction the
scenes. The problem that came up
during a rehearsal were to us,
very manchester-orientated people,
ones that we have never considered.
For example, she month, who
plays Antigone, and Ken picks,
who plays casinos, the son of green, must extract in one scene
for a Considerable lime (as em—
brakes go) and the problem prices
as to what they are to do during
that time, so that they appear
natural and so that the right entoIion is Created, but there is a limit
to what one can do on the stage. ..
Although the set for this play is
very simple, consisting oi tour
THE SISTERS ANYIGONE AND ISMENE {Sue panic. lucky Hill] run through rehearsals oi
Jean Anhouil's Antigone with director red Donahoe (speech and theatre]. Antigone opens
in Robert; Theatre Saturday. February 12.
Rehearsals for Antigone are being held in Arena Theater, which
is a square-shaped room, very
self-'containing and smug. it a room
can be that. Most rooms are connected to other rooms or calls,
but Arena Theatre appears to the
person inside to be “self-suffi»
Clem." Donahue came in five or
ten minutes after we did, but
while we were considers in the
room, he was very much a part
ofit.
Before the rehearsal started,
Donahoe tried to explain the
meaning of the play to us, and
how the scenes we would see our«
ing the rehearsal would relate to
this meaning. He was very largest
in his explanation. as if the play
were his "baby” and he wanted
to see it treated right by the
press, but also because we were
part ot that great mass called audience that a director is always
trying tn reach, He spent consider-
Headquarters For:
DRESSES
SKIRTS
SLACKS
ILOLISES
SWEAYERS
W51
A P PA '1 El.
GIIXNNELL
rehearsals slowness and rough-
 
daughters of serious and his
brother-in-law Green, who is now
king of themes. The two brothers
have killed each other as a result
of civil war. green, supposedly
for the sake ot justice and order,
but actually for political reasons
has ordaitiéd that one of the
brothers be left injuries—warrior
for dogs and cultures, Antigone,
one of the sisters, series the exist
and Duties the course because
she believes it must be done for religious reasons.
As we watched the play, Donahoe pointed out to us the important lines and social scenes. He
was so involved in the play himself, that we were led. almost
changed into investment also. Although it was a rehearsal, with a
news and interventions, the power
at the play did come through both
generally and in the important
lines. perhaps the key line of the
play is the statement by Antigone:
“And what a person can do. a
person must do."
But even more “training" than
the play itself was the rehearsal.
The rehearsal started late because Max Heltgott, who is the
Chorus, reflected to wake up in
time fun‘ if. It is possible that he
never did wake up completely.
When the rehearsal started we
found ourselves watching the play
itself and another play created by
the exchanges between Donahoe
 
chairs, a table and a bench, the
actors must still get around it,
rather than walking through it
(although they did try this).
Bruce McConachie, who as green
has a rather wilderness role, was
forced to jump straight over the
bench at one point and you could
almost see the sword flashing and
his eyes printing—if you can imagine Bruce McConachie's eyes
printing.
Antigone will be presented February 12 and 13.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3779
E. J.lenses, O.D.
OFTOMETRIS‘I‘
Across from Post Office
Closed I'Iiilts, RM.
and Sat, EM.
t 'synthesis of
(Continued from Page 1)
idence hall regulations to beside
in the COIHP and AWS.
Bucks explained that the suggestions were not merely his own
ideas, but “a synthesis of ideas
from many people inside and out
side or student government."
Senator Bob narrow amended to
Steve thunder who said he
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JERRY GODDARD lpipel a
Senate meeting Wednesday.
amendment and now chairs
organisation.
wishes to speak as a disinterested student “ill an appeal to
the floating vote.”
thunder felt that under Goridatd’s proposal, the hall press—
cents would be heavily burdened
with added responsibility and
would have' more difficulty in
functioning in their roles as small
leaders. He also expressed tear
that the treatments would be
forced to speak the language oi
those with whom they would be
more closely associated—the administration.
He then gave his evaluation of
the role of student government.
“SGA is really a game, its value
lies not so much in its effectiveness
but ln the minor With which the
game is played. If we restrict student government to a small group
of wellspaid individuals we are re-
Pago Five
ideas'
scripting the number of people
who can play the game."
“1 supported the change because of ineffectiveness of the
Senate and a lack of )‘use-enforcement on North Campus,” explained Senator Rick Heilhron.
“However, at this time it ap
years to me that the change is
being considered without regard
to ultimate goals”
is
nd Dan Bucks met other the
Bucks opposed the proposed,
a committee studying sea
Heiibron explained his change of
heart with the View that “People
who support evolution of student
government are those who are ignurant of its functions and those
who break the rules most often.
If the new proposal is adopted,
it will alienate good people iiom
student government, and I think
the Senate is a place where talented, creative people can provide
their services.”
Before the proposal was defeat»
ed, forward said he was very
certified that people inside and outside of the Senate have been
moved to giving some serious
thought to the future of student
government, “I think if we culisider ourselves a governmental
association, we must realize that
there is a job to be due, rather
than a game to he played.”
 
BATES FLOWERS
I012 Broad St.
6-3I97
 
JutlwlwtﬂipidQ/idmd!
R
Valentine With
A Gift Of
MUSIC
OM
FR
premier Your
LEEPER MllSIG 60.
 
 
depends Draft Card Burning:
Sets Up Memorial Scholarship
“I turned my draft card to create a dialogue about the war in
diet Nam," said Steve Smith, formerly a University or iowa std—
sent, in a speech at the State
College or iowa justin‘king his radical action. He felt the burning of
a draft card was a symbolic protest against the war.
“It the government proof ts
draft card burning, it is prohibitIng the right of tree projects Free
speech, including free protest, is
tale backbone of a democracy."
"The word ‘un—american' should
be applied only to those who deny
the freedom of speech” Smith felt
that laws against draft card burning were comparable to compression of free speech and in upper
action to the first amendment.
“The draft card is only a piece
of paper. I’ve never heard of anyone being put in prison for burning
a piece of currency.” Smith concluded that he would go to jail if
granted.
On January 4. 1966, Samuel
lounge, jr., a Tuskegee institute
student was suffered while para
decorating in a civil rights activity.
Since Tuskegee and St. Olaf are
sister schools, the students at St.
Olaf decided to set up a memorial
scholarship for a Tuskegee std<
sent for a single year as an ex—
pressing oi their sympathy.
A fast of one meal was the
manner in which St, flat's parliament decided to raise the scholarship money. They then unlimited
DISCOUNT CENTER
Veto Jar Deodorant
$1.00 Value '9‘
TIMEX WATCHES
For Ladies and cents
55.21 .n ..
BAKERY FRESH
COOKIES
5 pk. 88‘
 
names of students who would do
without their noon meal for a 5in<
gle day. The result was a limited
number of donors who would last
out of desire not convenience.
It was then decided that the
breakfast fast would receive Wider
support. which it has. The only
trouble, as the St, Olaf paper
points out, is that the additional
donors gained by changing the
time at the fast to breakfast are
those who sleep through it anyway.
University Players
To Perform Sunday
The Contemporary C h a m b e r
Players from the University of
Chicago will perform at Grinnell
on Sunday as a part at the college’s annual Concert Series. The
program will be at 3 pm. in Rob—
arts Theatre.
Four groups of competitions will
he presented, opening with machine Oliveras' “Trio for route, Piano, and Page Turner."
maritime Charles Van passed will
sing another group. including Schoenberg‘s “Ich part night weekend.” solve’s “David’s parent
Over Jonathan," and Weisgall's
“Shiloh," plus tour songs by
Charles Ives.
The program will close with
Easlcy Blackwood's piano performance of Ives’ “Concord" senate.
Size D
10c Value 6
 
KIM ASPIRIN
29¢ Value 9
MEN’S BRIEFS
Sizes 5th., Matt. and Lg.
89: Value 61‘
success Batteries
SCARLET AND BLACK
} Changes
(Continued item Page 2)
with inexpensive election
paigns must be guaranteed.
Second, the North Campus residence system must be made more
ﬂenable. It has become too selfcontai ed, generating its own antiintcllectual euros. An annual rotation of students based upon individual choice would soundtrack
this sentence and encourage an
outlook which enterprises the
entire college community. Yet the
advantages or the hall system in
providing a focus 01 identity for
incoming freshmen and serving as
a means or local government must
be presented. Thus house treatments on North campus must continue to be elected by the residents of each small. Also, there
should be no discrimination according to class in the residence
system. Freshmen have had an opportunity to demonstrate leadership within an integrated campus;
they should not be isolated as
second-class citizens.
evolution of the Senate is unavailable, since the CofHP and
the AWS Board tend to concern
themselves only with domestic
regulations and lack experience
in installing other areas of student concern, Rather, a new Senate should be composed of all
treatments. plus an equivalent
number of representatives elected
at large, who would serve as
spokesman for the whole electorate. Legislation could be initiated
within the Senate or by the Cofl-iP
and the AWS Board voting separately. Passage of major campus
regulations would require endorsement by a majority of both
the student Senate and the faculty
cats-
Uniform rule enforcement on
North Campus is an initiative
for effective self-government. A
common policy must be calculated to deal with specific Violations of our social rights. All
 
t Two Can Talk Easily
(Continued from Page 2)
though most of them are quite uncomfortalrle: the steps in the Fine
Arts building, the steps in the
basement of seminar. A.R.H,, the
Chapel, and even the Forum at
certain times or the day. In fact,
almost every building can be used
if two people want to talk. Unfortunately, when this extends to
three, four, or more, the places
where they can meet are rapidly
diminished. For six people to meet
is almost a physical accessibility,
Early in the day the younger can
be usual. But for one, people are
house terminals should be eliminated, particularly when their pro.
centre villages the SGA consideration by producing a defendant
guilty until proven innocent. As
compensation, all students must
have the right to appeal any fine
to their Primary Court. Although
this will impose a heather load
on the higher courts, an improvement in fair and complete efforts
ment should result.
it these suggestions are to have
any value, they must be a
include to positive action. Anyone who can offer an effective
program should submit it to the
student body in the SGA election
We can either meet. this challenge
with majority or become, like
\Voi‘escorts’s England, a “fan of
pregnant Waters."
kerry Linn Hart
David wilson
fri| Display
“Norway 11," an exhibition of
contemporary prints from the
Scandinavian nation, will be displayed in the Scheafier Gallery
Feb. 5-24.
always walking in and out, and
for another, the younger are certainly not generally located, Also,
a number of them serve as T.v,
rooms which excluded all other
activity. A solution to this lack
at places to talk could be the opening of partner lounge to men.
A better solution to this problem would be having daily open
forms, There are many pros and
coins concerning this issue which
I would rather not deal with now.
I would only like to try to correct
what seems to me an erroneous
view which the (adults and administration hold, It is my impression that the faculty and administration feel that the students
want extended open forms surely
for sex. This is not the case! Even
now, with our limited weekly open
forms many of them are used for
parties of more than two people.
In fact, I would say that most at
them are used in this manner.
Daily open forms would provide
a place where the students could
go and talk without being disturbed.
The college must recognize that
it cannon jump all of its students
together in one group as “students.” If the college provides
facilities for those who can study
with noise, then it must also provide facilities for those who can't,
If the college provides facilities
for those who enjoy talking photo
noise, as in the North Lounge or
the Grill, then it must also provide
facilities for those who enjoy talks
ing in a more related atmosphere.
Even if it dress’t truly believe
that all the students are “region.
bible adults," as it says it does, it
must still provide 101' those who
are.
Until the faculty and the administration lose their specially
basic disinterest of the students,
this will never be accomplished.
 
David Swee ‘69
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
RAPID SHAVE
$1.29 Value 66‘
RESPOND
HAND LOTION
$1.00 Value 5 5“
ENDEN
HOURSX
JAR SHAMPOO
$1.50 Value 88‘
STORE , n
9 mm. to 9 p.m. Friday
.m. to B p.m. Mom. Tues..
Wed.. hours.. cal.
IVORY LupUID
Reg. six. 33‘
NESTLE
STYLING GELATIN
sl.oo Value 5 5‘
IVORY SOAP
4 Bars Personal Site
31‘
VALENTINE DANDY
Heart-Shaped
$2.00 Value $1 87 ‘
53.47
CODE 10
HAIR DRESSING
98: Value 38‘
MEN'S
SUPER TEX SHIRTS
79: Value 6"“
CIGARETTES
Reg. 32.85 on...
King Size s2.39 can...
Boxes
$3.98 Value
Boxes
 
} Spirits
(Ctmlimml from PI 8)
spirits; they worship and tear
them. Even the Christians ivili
say, "I don’t believe in them, but
I’m afraid of them " The husband
of my Thai language teacher died
recently at age so. He and his
wide were Christian, but his 1am.
iii is Buddhist. His mother shared
that his spirit might need some»
thing. so she arranged a meeting
with a medium. near a materials
about twenty kilometers from
Chiengmai. The mother assisted
that the wife go, as she thought
that her son’s spirit would not re.
turn unless she were there. Out
oi fear, 1 think, the wife invited
several interested 'i‘along‘ (for.
sign) Christians to attend the
meeting. She assisted she did not
believe in spirits, but beverage
less, was very nervous.
We left Chiengmai around 8:30
am. for what seemed to be a pie
pic. Everyone was in a gay mood.
and they had taken good for a
lunch afterwards at the materials.
When we arrived at the home of
the medium, a typical Thai home
on skills, we found that there was
a couple there ahead of us and
we were invited inside to witness
another spirit’s return. The me.
drum appeared to be a woman
around fifty years old. She had
on a cloth turban and a long Thai
paris (skirt). She was supposed
to have the spirit of an old man
within her and was speaking to
the people in a deep, tracks voice.
After a short time, these people
ieit and the people in our group
began talking to the medium. The
family had brought many belong.
inns of the released, such as several sets at clothing, and personal
articles. They also brought food
to feed his spirit if it appeared
and was hungry. They had ﬂusers and jobs sticks (intense) to
place on the spirit alter in the
room.
The medium began by asking
the family the released’s name.
She then took the elements of Buildhist worship the yellow, round
piece of wax, candles, ﬂusers, and
'rss sticks, and held them in her
and. She played at the alter for
some time. Suddenly she tagged
and made strange houses. She then
turned to the group and said some
things. (She spoke in the north.
era Thai dealers which 1 don't understand because 1 study the serve
oral, ofﬁdial language.) As she
spoke, she wrote with one finger
in a handkerchief which she held
on her’ lap. She was now sitting
in the Buddha position. She
would often dawn, gay, and spot.
The family answered questions in
a displaying manner. in order to
test the reliability of the medium.
For instance, they gave the wrong
day and place ot death. After per.
maps thirty minutes had passed.
the woman sent her helped out to
buy candles for the alter. During
this waiting period we learned
that the medium was fiityefour
years old, and has been a medium
since the age of fighters our-_
ing the intervention many in our
group walked around, ate trust or
price pork skin (our substitute for
potato chips), and talked. When
the candles were given to the me»
drum, we were told that they had
to be altered to the spirit of the
land, to request permission for
another spirit to be called there.
Once this was done the medium
again tagged and prohibited her
self before the alter, She then
selected a turban, plain, and
scary (different from the ours
worn for the first client) and put
them on over her clothes. Then
she called the spirit, She asked a
spirit from a near-by cave to bring
this young man's spirit to this
meeting. Soon she reported that
the spirit had found four men and
she described the skin color, build,
and cause uf death of each. Most
of the relatives felt that none oi
these described were the released.
but the mother chose one. The “1&diary then laid down on the floor
Ind began a series ot connections
and statewide movements to signing the spirit entering her body.
After ten minutes of this ,-he has
came calm and fell into a sleep.
In her browse state her helped sat
her up and dropped her against
the wall. She spoke in a sing-song
 
planner Ind “inslld clothes.
Saleem-ii Routers, l shirt (displaying the december’l (average red
one), and a watch. These were
put on the medium. The spirit
spoke to the people but made
many mistakes, such as- choosing
a nephew (or his son, a coworker
for his brother, saying he was a
doctor when he was a banner, and
endless other things. The spirit
was ted through the medium. the
food which the family had
brought. All the relatives spoke
with the spirit. The wife was
called to sit close and tell about
their children. when the spirit
was about to leave the medium,
the mother asked her son what he
needed and he named several
things such as: tea, chicken, and
blanket. These things, named by
the spirit, are offered to a was
(temple) within the next new days
after the meeting.
SCARLET AND CK
who him outlet] what: the medium llld down again W sleep.
Alter sleep came mom mining
and ranging Ind then the spirit
left her. Aﬁtelwatdll the medium
spoke normally with the family.
S e asked if the spirit had spoken
correctly The mo er changed her
and paid a fee of forty-five baht
($2.25). This is a lot of money in
Thailand and they told us that
this medium made an average of
five hundred baht a day. (A teach.
er makes about nine hundred baht
a monthly) Then, the money,
some rice, a cigarette. ﬂusers and
loss sticks were placed in a bowl
to offer to the spirit alter.
The general consensus of the
group at the picnic afterwards was
that the woman was a phone. The
mother, however, offered the requested articles to the temple use
next day and appeared to believe
that the spirit had really appeared.
in is hull for m. to underwear
how one could believe in l'oil'ih'
later Inch In obvious 'show. bu!
it i. not it not of my culture,
and it is 01 t all-s.
Them are many stories lholit
the ‘phil' (spirit in Thai language)
in Thailand, The hospitals can cite
endless cases where patients will
not [like medicine for fear of a
spirit within it. Sick people can't
be returned to some villages if
they have been in a hospital. The
vibrators believe that bad spirits
shell in the hospital and may be
carried home in the patient.
As science and education advance in Thailand, this animlstic
view will become less president.
We see doubt among our students
who now want proof of everything.
In the remote villages, however.
it will be many years before the
idea ot spirits disappears.
Manila Grodzlns oil“
Hunt’s 225 Lead:
IM Bowling League
Steve cum faced the third week
of action at the Grlnnell Megalopolitan Lanes by recording a
high game of 225, as well as a
series high of 536 Ed Wright,
despite his carefully slow delivering, led the faculty team with a
522 series, and honda Bird copper
the girls with a pair of 156’s.
sally days had a 160. Other 200
borders were Larry Fellerman,
218; Rich Wicksltom. 204; and
Sandy laura, 201. Currently,
Team Nu, 7, consisting of Kent
Thomson. Stan Wezelman. and
Linda Bird. leads the competition
with an .833 percentage,
 
Van rachel Motor Sales
Your automobile Dealer in-Grinnell
 
 
 
 
colorado
will get you
if you don’t
watch. out!
Don‘t look now. But a keen machine called Toronatlo has designs on you. On: to get you
with from wheel drive that pcs the fraction where the action is! Extra all‘elCl‘A'Dllt room
for six. (Flat floors, you know.) Full-view Side windows. Draftifree destination. Front and
tent- seat belts, back-ups and a raft of other standard safety electoral. Like we 5'
has designs on you. Or is it the other way around! LOOK TO OLDS FOR THE NEW!
(66:1; OWFROIVT
”(66
. . . in a RocketActtau Car!
l, Tomnado
 
invite... mm rim. .run "are.“ u-unul i..eiiniii..m. riivi croatia..ri.r..r.i...s
DLDSMDBILE
”mu" .riira mm
 
Page Eight
Wins Even Record,
wrestling Are 4-4'
Griltnell events its dual meet
record at 4-4 last Saturday with a
pair of victorian over Knox and
Iowa Wesleyan. The gl'appears
shipped Knox 31711 and blanket
Wesleyan 530. Mike cal‘wilson,
Joel Richman, John charge, Ray
gender, and Jeff batteries scored
wins with charge and batteries
winning. Gary wilson drew with
his opponent while Bill Barnes and
Ken Strublel‘ won by perfect.
The 53-0 score against iowa
Wesleyan was the highest ever Ill
Pioneer wrestling and only 2
points from a perfect mark. The
results need some qualification,
however. as Grinnell received six
forleits. Four of the other five
matches were pins by Barnes,
Strubler, Richman, and charge;
partition won by a 5-2 decision.
Ricllman scored the quickest fall
oi the day in a time or 1:22. Also
recording last pins were charge in
his second match in 1:30 and batteries in 1:45 against his Knox opponent.
Grlnnell hosts Upper iowa and
Simpson tomorrow in party at
1:00.
[M Basketball
Tlte LM. basketball season got
under way on North Campus last
week as dark shadows fell across
liable's hopes for an interested
‘A‘ team record, Clark, who up<
set them in the opened. and
Cowles head the list in the ‘A'
division, and will meet head on
next Tuesday. Clark relief on its
impressive front line of Whitey,
Lee, and the Hawk, while Cowles'
inside and outside scoring is faced
by Link and Eyebrow, respectively, with Halo responding. Both
teams are 4-0, but at this writing,
Clark seems to have the edge.
North’s block of freshmen has can
died it to a good record, and Rawsun has looked strong since regarding their linear following
In opening loss.
In ‘3’ level competition, North
appears clearly superior, led by
season Jim and the Greek. Lan«
can, with Pretty Boy in their starring role, also has looked good.
Both teams are thinking ahead to
their meeting, two weeks away.
The rest of the division seems to
be made up largely of dark-horses.
record.
*
let;Y grants
Jeff grants, who has been state
during Grinnell basketball records
ever since his sophomore season,
has done it again. this time reporting the biggest of them all.
when grants pubmed in 25 points
in the Pioneers’ 79-77 Win over Augustana Saturday night, he upper
his career total to 1,115, trading
the old standard 0! 1.103 set by
John sussex in 1953-56 and equal-
 
led by Jim Mifflin in 1931-64
%
UMM!
YUMMIEI
Hansen's
Danish
said
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, february 4, ms
papers zip Augustana;
Seek let loop Victory
Back on the winning trail alter
wedding out Augustana 79.77 in a
nonrloop attack last Saturday. the
Pioneer papers will be shooting
for their first Midwest Conference
victorian of the campaign when
they host Beloit and (Joe this
weekend.
Beloit will be here tonight and
toe tomorrow, with both games
stated for 7:30 p.m. in party
symposium.
The Pioneers, who tracked a
five-game loss stream and events
their nonrconierence mark at 2-2
with the win over Augustana. are
077 in league play.
The establishment of a new
_ balloon career scoring mark by
Jeff grants highlighted the Augustana Victor-y. Jeli posted in 25
markers to set a new mark of
of 1,115 points. breaking the
old standard of 1,103 written by
John sussex in 1953-56 and
matched by Jim million in 1961-64
(see other story).
“I thought we played one at our
better offensive games against Augustana,” said Coach John deutsch.
“We again shot well and got balanced scoring. And we also did
a better job of onensive rebound
» ing. We even got two or three
rd
GRINNELL'S JEFF FRANTZ has copper all of the college .
records with his total points at his career now at Ll is.
Frank has ll games leii rhir season in which to top his own
*
Continues
* *
Record-Breaking Ways
grants tracked the record early
in the second half, collecting points
number 1,104 and 1,105 on a 25sl00t
jump shot. He added 1|) more the
rest of the game.
With 11 games still to play this
campaign, the Pioneer cocaptain
should be able to raise the mark
to the facility of 1,350.
Earlier in his Seyear career
(freshmen do not compete in variety sports), Jeff wrote school
records (or most points in a sea«
son (509), best season average
(23.1), most field goals in a season
(208), most points in a game (46),
and most field goals in a game
(22).
His 391 points as a sophomore
also established a new standard.
In addition to his prolific scoring, grants ranks as one or Grinnell's all-time top l'providers, 512
to date, His 234 a year ago led
the team by a big margin, and
his 106 in 11 games this winter is
also tops.
 
baskets on tip-ins, which is universal for us."
The Pioneers used only two constitutes in the whole game and
neither or them scored. Along with
grants, three others reached double figures. They were forwards
Ted sister and Tom Hill and guard
Elliott Hibbs.
The leading showers for Augustana were Gordon Kinkead with 14
and freshman Steve Snow with 17.
Another freshman Bob london
noticed 10 and barely missed a
last-second shot to tie the game.
Defense remains the Pioneers’
number one problem, according to
the coach,
“We didn’t play well effectively
against Augustana," he declared.
“We had too many ladies, including a very bad one at the end.
Several times we got ahead by
six or seven points and then let
Augustana catch up because our
defense featured."
deutsch will stick with the starting linear he has used the last
three games —- Ted sister and
Tom Hill at forward, grants at
center, and Elliott Hibbs and Mike
Schwartz at guard.
All time are operating in double
figures for the three games they
have started as a unit, with
grants, Hibbs, and HillJn double.
figures for the season.
Beloit, currently in third place
in the league with a so record, has
all five quarters back from 1954.65
—formal'ds Phil Woolley and La—
tier Gordon, center Bob Rudolph,
and guards Ray Niznik and Lloyd
Smith. Rudolph and Woolley, both
 
come 3mg:
You’re in the Edensi generation;
 
second team all-conference picks
a year ago, rank among the
league’s top pointmakers, as does
Smith.
joe, which is rights with a 2-7
mark, has been getting balanced
scoring from veterans Dennis
Pietrzak, Tim Frisch, Dick Smith,
and Tom caught and sophomores
John Valentine, Jay britain, judy
Collllm, and Ross Levett.
The freshman basketball team
will also host the joe headlines
at 5 pm. tomorrow night,
probably Grinnell quarters are
forwards Tom Lower and Thor
johnson, center Sam cents, alld
guards Henry vintage and Scott
Davis.
The Gl'infections, coaches by
add powers, are 1-1 for tile year
with a Win over the Central B
team and a loss to the Simpson
freshmen,
plymouth roses,
Swim Meets’ Ahead
It's back on the road this week
end for the Grinnell College swingers. who will take on Midwest
Conference does Lawrence and Bolclt in dual meets.
The Pioneers will face Lawrence
today and Beloit tomorrow.
Coach Irv Simone’s crew opened
the conference portion of its season by outstanding plymouth 5737 last weekend. Pioneers won all
10 swimming events with the scott
packaging only the diving, on event
in which Grinnell had no entries.
“We did just What I have been
saying we have to do to win—mt»
nopolize the first place points,"
Simone said. "And we will have to
get strong performances from every individual in every meet if we
are to continue to make a strong
showing."
Three Pioneers were double winners, Bill month taking the short
races, Bill Batschelet the distance
events, and Steve Holtze the individual wesley and backstroke.
Ken sherman and Bob Wells
were the other individual victory,
mapping the butterfly and breaststroke, r festivals.
night
For Winter
Wear and Tear
I
H
W1
STANDARD
‘law
GOLLUM’S SERVICE
 
