SCARLET & BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
 
Vol. LXXV
Grinnell. iowa. Friday. September l5. I967
 
ENOAMPMENT
TO BE AT
NEWTON
By MARTHA BERKEY
The 1967 Grinnell engagement will be held Oct. 13-15 at
the Christian Conference new
her near Newton, The event will
signal the exodus of sixth-five
students and twenty-five iacul—
ty and administration mem<
here for a weekend of betting
trains together over problems
of the college community.
engagement C o m m i t t e a
Chairman Tom Triplett explained in an 5&5 interview
this Week that the number of
student generates has been increased by 15 over last year’s
total “in a real effort to get
Wider representation of students
and a cross-section of all std<
sent opinion." For the first
time, freshmen will be able to
apply. Applications will be
available next week.
“We want interested and informed students," said Triplett.
“We are trying to de-expensive the edition concept which
has grown up around encampmenti We want to broader the
delegation from the standard
crew of student 'leaders in
elected portions." 0f the scope
of discussion topics, Triplett
voices a hope for a more specific focus on campus issues
rather than the philosophic
themes of last year's engagement.
Other committee members
are newbie Nelson, leg alice,
robert barnes, Jim Peacock,
and Greg Wallace.
STUDENT 0N
LEMOYNE YEAR
By ANNE JENKINS
Perhaps the most frequent
question which has been asked
since my return from LeMoyne
has concerned the attitudes of
the students, their beliefs and
goals. LeMoyne’s student body
is no more a monolithic entity
than is Grinnell's: it is, in fact,
probably less so.
LeMoyne is a non-resident
metro college, with almost all
students coming from Memphis.
With no directories, students
have little opportunity to learn
beyond the time they are on
Campus; there is little chance
of integration and learning with
other students. This places more
importance on the professor,
and as yet, the professor in
most cases has not provided
either enough demand on or
calculation for the student.
Planning for forms is progressive, but nothing will be
done for a few years. (President Price has served the college for 25 years, and will leave
the problem of concerning LeMoyne to a residential school
to his processor.) Until this
LEMOYNE—
Continued on Page 11
Photo by non looked,
Jim Arieti christina the first two campus bicycles ai’
investing categories on central Campus.
CAMPUS BICYCLES UNVEILED
A small number of students,
attempted by mysterious “investing” signs, attended the pre
selection of the first two David
M. Gibson Memorial Bikes to
the student body of Grinnell College last Saturday on Central
Campus.
Master of Ceremonies Jim
Arieti began a count-down min
uses before the presentation begin.
An onlooker entered into the
momentum spirit by regarding
that the said staff would be
unhappy it they could see that
Grinnell sheets were being used
as deals.
Another member of the group,
a recent victim of a bicycle
their, had to be recovered that
the bikes had been legally purchased the night before. As the
moment of investing needed, the
onlookers became respective,
aware of the importance of the
occasion.
With proper acknowledgement
of form, Mrs Arieti broke a battle of spirits (’2) over the covered (arms, and then revealed
the two bikes.
The bikes, a boy‘s and a
girl‘s, greatly painted orange
and red, were presented to two
representatives of the student
body, who promptly put them
to use by riding off. Further
bikes will be finances through
the sale of the David M. Gibson
Memorial Magazine and donations.
JAZZMEN PHOTOS
TO BE IN FORUM
“That’s Jazz, Man,” a collection of photographs oi traditional Jazzmen by George
Fletcher. a professional photos—
rather from Des points, Will
be estimated in the bulletin area
in the Forum Sept. 16—23.
The collection, which has been
estimated at Youllkers in Des
modules, includes photos oi Louis Armstrong. George Lewis,
Zutfy Singleton, and other traditional jazzmen, Most oi them
are action shots taken at concerts or Clubs.
A 1940 graduate of Grinnell
College, Fletcher has been a
professional photographer since
1948. He is an acid jazz fan
and hosts the “Jazz Man” show
heard On K50 radio from 10
pm. to midnight every Sunday.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photo by Don seeker
gambling over with enthusiasm for their work, Cleveland
sophomores Barbara
Duhl
(left) and Linda butler
(right) have been blowing soap hobbies in ih. library
(on and off) is three genesis”. ”We don't think it
victim any rules," ihsy explained, "And nobody to“
ever stopped us." Why do They blow bubblsif "Becaus-
they‘re hm."
HOUSE PRESIDENTS WANT
LIBERAL ROLES LEGALLY
The following statement was read at the open Senate meeting Wednesday by West morris House President John files.
We, the members of the Council of House treatments and of
the Associated Women Students Board, both as individual leaders
and as representative of student interest and opinion, believe that
an expression of open forms is integral to the replication of social
and intellectual goals of‘the College, and wish to state our Syﬂ'h
paths with the dissatisiaction of those who would now declare their
independence from present college social regulations. We must object, however, to any infectious. irresponsible, or potentially managing method proposed as an initial effort to achieve social reform.
We believe that [he opens question constitutes a valid issue in it<
self. but that it is but one of several important areas of college
life with which we and the general community should be concerned.
Moreover, in the consideration oi any proposal for significant generation in present social or academic conditions we respect and
fully recognize the necessity for maintaining facultyrstudent and
administration-student support as essential to the ordered pursuit or
progressive changes in the college environment.
We would like to state our conviction that the present open
forms rule is a restriction which not only is unecessary to the
safety and wellrbelng of members of the college community, but
also is seriously inhibilive to a desirable development of individual!
who can accept. or be challenged to accept, the ultimate responsibility for their actions and for the respect which is due to others.
To us the structural features of this college have already contributed much to containing a sheltered sort of environment in
which parochialism, restricted portions, and individual investors‘
bility can develop, survive. and flooring, We believe that we must
and should make a concerned effort as student leaders and genres
sentatives to impose and remove unreasonable restriction on the
individual. We therefore commit ourselves to a program ot pro<
quest and iruitiul discussions with Student, faculty, and administra<
tiny. of such issues as the institution of an alternative form
structure. the possibility for academic revision, and a significant
relaxation of existing social regulatory.
The present rules on open forms constitute, to us, a reasonable social restriction. We export the administration and faculty to
respect the poverty of our criticisms, to listen with open minds to
our expressions oi multiﬁnation, and to be reception to reasonable
arguments and requests for any reform. in the dealtime, we reassert our medication to pursue the changes initially through tale existing legal system
FACULTY ON LEAVE BUSY
AT ACASEMiC INTERESTS
Iege, Liberia, Dr. Kurtz is
studying the cultural changes ot
Liberian tribesmen,
 
A variety of research, teaching, and writing assignments in
Africa, Europe, Central Amer-
ice, and the United States are
scheduled for five Grinnell COL
legs faculty members who are
on leave this academic year.
The five are Sheldon P. either, Carter-Adams professor of
literature; Kenneth A. christianity, professor of biology;
Ronald J. Kurtz, associate professor of anthropology; Robert
F, Voertman, associate professor of economics; and Eugene
A. german, assistant professor
of mathematics.
Dr. christianity is conducting research on volleyball
(small insert . like animals
found in both souls and cases)
at the Laboratoire Souterraine
at Moulis, France, and Dr.
german is preparing a book on
cingular integrate at the University of Hamburg, Germany.
Dr. toner, who is engaged lo
I set of studies of shakespeare’s use or earlier Italian
literature, expects to spend the
second semester in lists. He
is currently working on the
project in Grinnell.
in addition to teaching anthropology at huntington lots
Dr. Voertman is coordination
the Associated Colleges of the
Midwest Program of Field
Studies in Central America at
San Jose, Costa Rica.
Back on campus after being
on leave last year are seven
faculty members.
Six of them were off campus
the entire 1966-67 academic
year —— Raymond F. tests, pros
lesson of history; Andrew P.
Debicki. professor of Spanish:t
red Donahoe, professor 0!
speech and theatre; Roger J.
canyon, professor of physical
John R. Kleinschmidt, process
for of French; and dildo S
Walker, associate professor oi
biologyi '
The seventh one, Wi
Vanderpool, Jr.,
am 5
professor oi
speech and theatre, was away,
during the second semester.
hrs. canyon, Kleinschmidt,
and Vanderpool spent their
leaves in Europe. canyon conducted research on nuclear
spectroscopy at the University
of marcus, Denmark; Kleinschmldt was in Paris research-
FACULTY—
(continued on Page 10)‘
 
SCARLET 8 BLACK
student’ Newspaper of Grinneli college
1101 Park SIM BIIIMII follows
GMT. low. lo"!
A weekly newspaper published Inch Friday of
P d" college year by the Grinnell Committee on SW-
en! publications. Represented [or national after-
dumb" 0' 0h. using by National Advmilinﬂ Service. 1M» follows
Yuhilshun R nresemntlve 15 Eur 50th Strut. New
“ll-mint- cm 22. is Second cl... gauge and It Grinnell.
pm. My“ prior sub ti on school you. into
uni-mu .
MANAGING EDITOR
paid'subscriber .
business mucosa
CIRCULATION HANAG
um AnonNeti man
. cupnen WInh
Incl aaron-
Editorials . . .
THE COLLEGE CABIN
The college cabin at Rock Creek is being sold. The state Wants
ID expand the facilities at the State Park, and is in the process of
purchasing the land owned by the college
The loss of the Cabin is opportunity for Grinnell students. although the steel and often buddy path from the road and the
outcomes restrict facilities character somewhat from the cabin’s
popularity, it provided on adequate shelter, privacy. and — most
important —- was primarily owned. '
The State Park closes at 10:30 pm, and imposed restrictions
on cooking ﬁres. Other parks with adequate theaters and cooking
facilities are at a potentially prospective distance for casual use.
There are two questions arising from the coming sale of the
cabin. Since the sale is not even near the final stages, why can’t
we use the Cabin this Fall? Lee Arbetman, North Campus Social
Chairman, was told by Dean centers that the Cabin was in need
of repair. We were told last Fall that the cabin was in need of
repair, yet it was used. Arbetman offered in help pay for repairs
from the social fund, but centers said the cabin was closed peru
recently.
The second question involves the future of oiiscampus property
for social programming. According to Mr. zambia, business manager of the college, there has been no discussion of purchasing any
property to replace Lake Acre.
Loss of the cabin Is a further restriction on already limited opportunities for social activities. Failure to secure a new location
for an off»calcium cabin would be unlorgivable.
REVOLUTION
The September Revolution was shortliveo. Worried house
Iimsidenls stood before their mistress blocks, and explained that
‘suggest was ready ID let It third of the faculty and twothirds of
the students go" in order to maintain the secretary of the rule:
over upskirt students.
The passes were pulled. A catalog of possible college improve—
meets was read at Wednesday’s open Senate meeting by pic
MacDowell. At that same meeting, Chairman of the Faculty Wall
[aid that the Curriculum Committee reply should reach the students in November.
The activists returned to the underground, Part of their work
had been successful. The idea of revolution had been installed
upon the minds or the members or the college community.
Few of us would welcome an open revolution and its necessary
repercussions; however, even fewer of us are satisfied with cold
ieee social regulations as they stand now. Somewhere between
revolution and maintaining the status que lies the desirable course
for discrimination. IT We really believe that social rules change is
important, let us not be times about steering closer to the former.
THE STUDENT HANDBOOK
i got out my Student Handbook the other day. I wanted to
brush up on regulations covering Sunday afternoon open house.
I was rather surprised to find that the page designated for
this topic in the Table of Contents was blank.
Looking through the handbook, I noticed a total of four blank
pages. included among the topics to be covered were open house
regulations and the Preamble to the SGA Constitution .
Was this some colonial printing error that went announced, or
did it happen only in my copy?
or area‘t there any open form rules this year?
LANCAN
OFFICERS
ELECTED
Langan mail lined its vacant
ofﬁyes for this academic year
somewhere chuck Main replaced
sitemap as vicepresidont. Neil
kitchen was elected to fill the
hall’s vacant Senate seat,
All student: interested in
participating in a writers’
workshop in poetry, prove,
wednesday night. As all candidates ran unopposed, they were
elected by declaration.
John sitemap was elected
resident ol the hall. He had
en the acting president since
the last week or the previous
or piaywriting, are invited to
come In Ibe Coffee House
Sunday at 8 pm. Questions
about the workshop should
be directed to Paul Jones or
John Herr.
SCAR LIT AND ILACI
LETTERS TO
THE EDITOR
LONELINESS
To the Editor:
Although back as a senior, i
must suggest after only a week
oi’ encountering a raw happened
Grinnellians ( h I I sometimes
"awareness" is calculated by
the Grinnell student as a sign
of his tough individuality, his
lack of Med for others not like
himself.
Appreciation of variety, particularly of personal types,
often seems packing, sometimes
causing painful darkness and
discourtesies. In turn, these
conditions make “awareness” a
necessity for some.
I miss my individualistic and
liberal friends the one
who arrested kindness. the one
who advised the courage of
Grinnell's not so well accepted
who looked for the beauty, signals, humor, front, and variety
in life, and the one whose creative investors were visited
upon others. Example can be
found in the remaining humanIsts.
Hopefully, Grinnell will not
become a boring, humorless
haven of includes who come out
only to serve popular causing
T h e n international respect
might approach the level of aka
struct social concern on our
campus.
marilyn human
FISCHER’S COLUMN
To The Editor:
Mr. Neil kitchen’s column in
the last issue seemed to me
worthy of comment. As I recall,
last year the student leaders
announced that it was sufficient
to english women’s hours at
once; any problems arising from
that action could be taken care
of afterwards with no inconvenionce.
It would appear that Mr,
kitchen is beginning to See what
others, myself included, argued
all last year — that the action
was too nasty and that image«
quote planning had been done.
May 1 say that i was struck
by the majority of Mr. kitchen’s
solution? He writes, ”Get angry,
and tell them what you want."
I believe that the technical name
for such behavior is “pentium."
.john prospect
QUIET IN
THE LIBRARY
To Tile Editor:
Libraries are traditionally
places in which the maintenance
of quiet is almost religiously observed. The Students here at
Grinnell have found that this il
one tradition worth savage Even
during the peak evening study
hours, when hundreds of star
cents paint the reading room
and other study areas, there
can be heard only an occasional
measured conversation.
It is quite interesting, then,
that during the day there are
voices that echo throughout the
library I, and probably many
or my fellow students, would
appreciate from Mn older and
the library small the same re<
spent and consideration for the
study habits of others that most
Students are careful to observe.
Tom Jackson
RADIO STATION
Friday
EXPECTED TO START
THIS SEMESTER
Two years of hard work will
pay off when the new campus
FM radio station sin its first
broadcast lifetime in late
November.
in the dealtime, m emergency and enthusiastic small members, under the direction of
Station Manager army Armajani
will undergo extensive technical training in the areas or
newswriting, control operation,
programming and accounting.
Construction will start shortly
on the station's studio which is
to be located under the stadium
at the south end of Ward Field.
Equipped with a pilot an-
[cons and a lO—watt transmitted donated by Mr. Robert
joyce, President of the Grinnell College Board of Trustees,
the station will ensure quality
broadcasting up to a distance
of 21/, miles
sensitive plans tall hr the
nation to operate on followed
Monday - Thursday 7 am. I
1 am; Friday and Saturday
7 am. — . 5 pm. and 9 pm,
- 1 am; Sunday - 1 ram. to
midnight.
in addition to a regular scheduling of news, sports, and pop.
ular and classical music, the
radio station's proposed schedule allows two hours per day
of prime time for special programming. This provision will
make possible delayed broadcasts of campus lectures and
concerts besides the presentation of leader radio tapes and
candidates features such as who
Shadow and The Green corner.
 
A prayer begins every said
Photo by Don Hacker
own dim... .i the Quad.
PRAYERS AT OIIAD DINNER'
ARE THEY} NECESSARY?
By DON HECKER
One of the last messages of
Grinnell College’s past as a
churchrsponsored institution can
still be seen every night at
5:40 at the Quad. it is
the custom or singing a short
grace before the regular windows dinner,
The singing of grace at the
Quad is, according to Dean
Low, “merely a tradition train
the past.” “This type of ceremony is characteristic of privatelyrowned liberal arts job
pages," she explained
She believes the singing or
grace adds to line total atmosphere at traditional, precious
dining.
Last year, South Campus voted
to retain the custom.
One Read junior stated that
she was under the impression
that most people were independent or opposed to the prayers.
She assumed that they would
be disappointed in a few weeks.
For herself, she said: “I feel
that I am singing a solo every
time."
Another girl commented that
It seemed that her friends could
never get through prayers Without lighting.
although there seems to in
little enthusiastic support for
the prayers, Dean low indicated
that she had received no air
sections, and that therefore
there has been no thought to
discontinuing the grace.
At least one of the prayers
is automatically unacceptable to
religious groups that do not ac<
cent the translation doctrine. it is
also opposed to the beliefs of
any faith that does not accept
the doctrine of forming their
beliefs on the general public,
and all noanesiern religions.
Dean Low explained that students have a choice, and do
not have to attend sit-down
dinner, but suggested that per
sons who might have Io attend
could only stand recently.
The Quad custom is not comparable to the arrangement at
Cowles, where only a moment
of silence is observed at sildowns. The movies system allows for wide religious rivers-
its.
Patronizc Our
Advertisers
 
r W. VIM! 80AM.“ AND WAG
Food
JV! RISTMIRAM
 
Page Four
Films by Dick rrrnminn
pic MacDowell addresses
Wednesday's open Senate
SCARLET AND BLACK
friday. september 15‘ I961,
initial. hhhhhih Cdillillllll'TEE PhdthSS
By NEIL FISCHER
The curriculum revision report at President suggest’s ad lion
Committee on Educational Policy will appear in a few weeks, according to Chairman oi the Facility Joseph Wall.
Wall authorized the "premises and objectives” oi the report
Wednesday night before an open meeting oi the student senate in
ARH.
The committee, which began work last September, had six
basic premises, the faculty chairman said: To take a critical look
at Grinnell’s “general education” requirements; to recognize increased interest in independent study; to possibly review the college
calendar (to a quarter or webmaster system rather than the present
semester system); to examine the idea oi inter-disciplinary work;
to check “overrspecialization and oversprolessinnalization” oi our
education; and to “look at our faculty organization.”
Chairman Wall explained that during the first month of work,
Leggetl’s ad how committee “was doing nothing but read.”
Swarthmore College’s educational policies, he said, were particularly scrutinized. “They seem to be doing much the same sort
He said that flityone per cent of male students and forty-nine
per cent oi female students who had been sent the questionnaire
replied to the committee. He noted that. these percentages were
about double What “poll-makers would expect."
Most. criticism from students of the Grinnell academic situation
started from advisory and controlling worried, the chairma
said. Particularly, Wall stated, understand and psychologica
cottnselling availability were questioned by students.
“Surprismgly enough,” Wall music. “Most students interpreted said they found non-academic lite at Grinnell a satisfactory
complement to academic life.” seventh per cent of students supported this conclusion.
Asked by East senior Don disney why students did not participate on the Committee itself, Wall said two factors were involved. He said that “. i . first of all, discussion Could not have
been as tree among faculty members ii students had sat in on
the meetings.”
Another {actor involved, Wall explained, was time. He said
that. Professor (Alan) Jones estimated that the committee spent
”99“”!- Te“ °i ”'9 oi soul-searching we are.”
speech follows below.
in committee work.
Wall. added that questionnaires distributed to students and
Grinnell College graduates at the end oi last year were helpful
around 300 hours in discussed.
There are six facility members 0! the ad how Committee on
Educational Policy. The Chairman of the Faculty and the means are
ex officer members. Professor coleman l5 committee chairman.
 
MACDGWELL SCCCESTS MANY AREAS FOR CAMPUS COMMUNITY CONCERN
More important than any one rule is the concept oi a total view oi our college
and the ideals we feel it should strike for. There are some, however, who change
at the very thought oi general philosophy and demand action rather total words. We
heartily sympathize with them, for we recognize the necessary need for action and
yet can not move in any direction until we decide what our end results should he
and how they will direct us in both shortrrange and long-range perspectives.
As an institution, Grinncll’s primary responsibility is academic. We are here to
be educated. Yet, education is list the process in which a professor lectures and the
student reports those lectures when called upon in a final exam. Education is active.
it demands an exchange oi knowing where the professor leads his puppy as both or
them search in an attempt to find an understanding. And it is knowing, not. known<
edge, for knowledge is terminal while knowing is pi-ocessive and continuous. it is
country productive, and that is what makes it exciting and relevant. We can learn
from every person who compounds us. And all of this learning should have as its goal“
the preparation oi the learned for iiie — not academics, but life in a real world at
sweet and fear and problem Too often we ignore this here at Grinnell; but that
should he education's primary purpose, especially in a small liberal arts college.
The change toward this which we must take comes in two areas: First the curriculum. This fall as Mr. Wall has stated, We will receive a report by the curriculum
committee. We should use this as a jumping-oil point for improving Grilineil. We
can not tear radicalism in make g charges, for we need it. The teacher-puppy rely»
township is poor for many factors. Why not have all lectures limited and handed out,
then spend the usual lecture time in meaningful class discussion? Change the
curriculum to make us think. Add a new course in 20th Century American mytiis
in which we would drive into the bytes oi our time which we are perpetuating. and
seek some solutions to them. How about going outside oi our narrow concepts oi
Western society and setting up courses in Asian studies? Cut down graduation credit
requirements so more time can be spent in meaningful work outside the classroom.
Set up community action pi-ogiams where students could work in a ghetto for a
semester and get full credit. li we are going to have programs like the ACM semester or year in Latin America, then one participating should receive incl credit
rather than squirting with dept. heads who don't like the program, and receiving
only partial credit, working them to spend extra time in undergraduate work. We
must make our curriculum come: alive and bring excitement into the most. routine
“intro” courses. The enthustasm of a likely bull session should be present in ARH,
but this takes concerned community eiioi-t, especially on the part oi a willing faculty
ready to make necessary changes.
However, changes are not only essential in the curriculum. Since we are a re.'
central college. oils total living situation should enhance and complement what has<
pens in our class rooms. Our present living situation does not . . . in {act it relates
it. The hardcover from the classroom to the form is ml, How many students know
a professor well enough that they feel he could write a recommendation about them
as people, not academicians? How many students actually try to build this necessary
support? How many faculty members deliberately she away from it, feeling that
their job is one which stops when the bell rings? Look at the inadequacy oi our academic counseling system. How many faculty counseling can recognize their students
by sight and call them by their first names? Why not change the present system and
set up one where competent upperclassmen council in both the academic and social
area, then have those truly interested faculty members serve as general hall contractors who work will) the student counseling, using their skills, plus those of the
psychiatric climb and oiir administrative counseling to set up a really worthwhile
program. l-house treatments should be encouraged to invite processors to balls to talk
intormally as people. not centuries. What's wrong with seniors and others visiting
press up to their rooms for a beer and a bull session? We must be willing to work
will] each other as individuals, not separate groups of faculty, students and administration. We have a community and must act in the context of that comments, not
the way we alone feel.
To me a principal education does not pi'email students for like, because it does
not help them to relate to other people. Besides a better relationship among faculty,
administration, and students, we need a better relationship among students themselves. Our social system with an unnatural several on of men and women in a bored
campus . . . reiniorced by separate eating places, sends to aggregate us. People
don’t feel at ease with one another. There is a lack of meaningful interaction and
a lack oi respect. We area't really open to each other, but narrowly reject or
accept people on a supervision basis. The sites seem to get together for normal
dating only, arranged in advance and go only to what the college calendar sets
down. We complete that social events area’t what. We want, and yet We don‘t upon<
laneoiisly try to set up our own. The Senate initiative fund is there to provide in-
central for exactly this and hills a revision in the procedure for using it, hopefully
we will find more creativity and spontaneity in the social area. Our shine Forum, for
the price it cost, has a stability in it which reinforces the structuralism which We
are attempting to remove. The South Lounge is a place for creative discussion, yet
you can’t speak above a whether and the piano is only played on formal occasions.
So we need changes in our social structure. Although there is a gossip 'ty oi getting central red dining in the near future, maybe we should investigate alternative
of forms as a better solution. integrating the computer so you see a man or Woman,
and feel you can manually talk to someone oi the opposite sex without calling up a
week in advance. I've heard lots or people say that alternative would be great —
just so i don‘t have to leave my hall or be separated from my hall brother — per.
maps we should start by investigation the parochialism in our own hall system.
Also within the context oi social relationships the lack oi opportunity for each
oi us to 'meet in a situated where we can meaningfully relate both as couples and
as informal groups. Besides the inconvenience which is caused by a lack oi opens.
the individual’s ability to modern his behavior and accept necessary responsibility is
happened. With these ideas in mind the student house treatments, recognize that
the problems in these two obvious areas, the academic and the social, must be
solved. We see the appropriate means or action through organized channels in which
we consider the immediate and future effects of our decision. The COfl-‘lP-AWS Board
plans to indicate discussion Within the college community which will result Within
a matter oi weeks with a specific proposal to the senate. Here the work oi the
CDHP and AWS in the area of rule change can be supplemental and reinforced.
But there are other areas of importance, some of which seem mandate alter the
sensationalism oi opens, htit which are important. We need to form a Senate committee to nvestigate and ivory- out grevieuces with Saga. We need to set tip a new
system of course evaluation, perhaps including written teacher evaluation, available
to the residents. We need to investigate the possibility of changing the time for elections to allow new officers mon‘c tliTlE to get oriented. We need to look into the World
around us and set up talking about the Vietnam war and how we can and il; we
as students must learn how to play a meaningful role in changing our routing society.
We need to set up more chances for recreation to ease academic pensions. We need
more nonprofit workshops in areas like family planning, marriage, accounting, the
arts. We must change this college to in the catalogue so people will come here and
won't be disappointed. in order to have better communication with the Trustees perhaps every graduation class should select a person to serve a one year term as a
Trustee immedately after graduation. Maybe we can set up a program in which
processors can give students credit for any work they feel is dramatically worthwhile. How many processors visit the classes oi their yellow collected, and ottersuggestions on teaching method? Maybe one class period per semester in each course
should be devoted to a general discussion of education and the problem of learning.
It is not the job of a college to train students in a moral line, but, rather. to
present relevant materials to them so each Student can develop his Own continue.
The Grinneil Weekend for this spring is entitled “The Museum as Tastemaker in
Society”, and I fear it is not the relevant topic it could be. son should, it no else
can, set up programs like Grinnell weekends on drug use, on sexuality, and any
other permanent. interesting topics. Ii we need money, then let's set up a Senate
committee ID work with Mr. prison to get foundation grants for our worthwhile
programs.
Besides using our own ideas, we can communicate and discuss programs with
other schools, remembering, however, that we must bit their programs to our needs,
for by briefly adoption them we also adopt the problems interest With them.
Finally we should look at some oi our newer programs and evaluate them _
interim, no women’s hours, and hopefully, a radio station by Christmas. We must
relate their problems and failures to what we are planning now.
i don’t timing that this is the time or plate for separation. We are not a school
where students and administration and faculty are totally at odds—We do have some
common goals. Our problem now is to pursue them in a context oi meaningful dis
session resulting in programs we need to solve Grinnell adults. This will take community action and work. In our discussions we must recognize the total effect oi our
actions and the ultimate consequences they Will have.
I hope you'll recognize that change is essential and that changes can come best
through work. We must make sure that our demands are truly our needs. Sacrifice
may still be necessary, but it must be based on responsibility and thought. Our attitude must be positive, just as our education must be positive — for it is only
through accentuating the positive that we will succeed in making the Grinnell experience relevant and worthwhile in the context or total community in preparation
for life.
 
Friday. september l5. l957
A STUDENT OPINION
SHALL THE S'l'llliEliTS ENGAGE Iii REiloLllTION?
by ERIC most
There has been some dishes<
llou lately regarding student
limitations for the development
of die Gi'irulell College Community. As indicated in the
statement of SGA President pic
MacDowell at the Senate meeting Wednesday. these limitations are far-reaching, complex, and certainly greater than
just the open issue or even the
entire matter of student social
relations.
I hope i may be forgiven,
then, for focusing merely on
the subject of social regulations.
The broad nature of our total
limitations makes it impossible
to deal With them all at alice.
We ought to begin where we
can, and by a series or distinct decisions move toward
(treating the type of community
we believe Grinnell ought to be,
The social issue is an appropriate beginning because it has
received much attention ill the
past and student opinion is
clearly unified behind a basic
desire for discrimination.
The administrators, however,
have not been noted to be ad—
located of a specialized opens
policy, Students feel, with some
reason, that if anyone is going
to indicate change, it will have
to be We, since a confirmation
of the status que (i.e.. administration publicity) would be a
defeat of our limitations, We
have therefore been engaged
in a debate over tactics thereby we might hope to indicate
change. Revolution and discussion, “student power" and “legal means," have been proposed. The “legal teachers"
have presented and we anticipate a senate proposal on the
social situation within a week
or two.
I must admit that i tend to
doubt that opens will be extended through legal means,
Administrators have not indicated any approval for such a
policy, and if the free and open
dialogue which is supposed to
exist between students and ad
ministrators is a reality, it
would seem that we should understand each other pretty well
by now.
But before we engage all our
hopes in the “legal means.” at
Student Government, we ought
to question the assumptions of
the system which defines those
means, In our attention to the
question of under which party<
sugar regulations we would like
to live, we have ignored the
broader question of who ought
to exact those regulations.
Should we request that the ad
ministrators translate for us in
ii certain way, or should we
request that they lease to leg
estate for us altogether? We
need some basis of knowledge
and theory upon which to proceed.
our legal system. as described
in the Student handbook, is
founded on a resolution 0f the
President and the Board of
Trustees issued in 1963, which
says:
“The primary responsibility
for making and financing
for the administration of rules
affecting student life properly tests with the administra.
time officials and faculty 0!
the called (pg. 24)
i see two possible objectives to
this statement. First, it contains an error in the use of
the word rule; this points to
a possibly larger philosophical
wellness,
A rule, says Webster, is a
“law," “guide," “regulation,"
or “below," “governing pro.
centre or controlling conduct.”
I would describe a rule as an
institutionalized response to
meet a need for control. For
example, our library has a need
for controls over the use of
library books, and rules are institutes to meet the need. Similarly, rules function on an individual level, A person recognized a need for control of the
use at his tune, so he institutes
basic rules regarding his sleep
time, study time, recreation
time, etc. A person recognized
a periodic need for cleanliness,
SO he institutes a rule that he
will take the time to take a
shower at appropriate intervals.
We see that not all “rules affecting student life" are or
ought to be or could be made
by the administration, (a fact
for which 1 assume they are
grateful) and that some rules
must be made by each student.
It seems only fair, then, to
ask how we shall recognize thu
ought to decide what constitutes
a need for control, alld who
ought to institute the control,
in any particular case. Spccb
finally, if a student feels he
does not need to be Controlled,
or that he can institute his own
Control, and an administrator
feels that the student needs to
be controller], and that he (the
administrator), ought to institute it, how is the Conflict to
be resolved? This leads to the
second objective to the states
merit of 1963 — ln replacing
that they would be the indisputable judge of all such conflict, the President and "trustees failed to provide any certification for playing such a
role. I rather doubt that there
is any certification available to
upload so sleeping a declaration.
We should not let ourselves
be aged by prejudices such as
tradition or power in racing
'this question. if there is small a
thing as “justice” or “right"
it ought to be applicable to an
actual case, As Rousseau said,
“. i . . force does not constitute right, and . , , obedience is due only to legitimate
powers." (The Social Contract,
Pg» 9)
The question then becomes,
“What makes an exercise of
control legitimate?" At this
point, “objective truth" becomes fabulous if not nonexistent, but there are some respected philosophical principles
to guide us. i would say that
an individual ought to exercise
the greatest possible degree of
individual freedom. Restriction
of his freedom can be certified
only by the laws of the United
States, the State of Iowa, or
SCARLET AND BLACK
the city of Grinnell, or else by
democratic decision of an ap—
programme group. while I realize
that in many areas of life at
Grinnell, “an appropriate
group" for such restriction is
the administration, in other
areas, it is not.
Regarding social regulations,
it seems that an individual's
freedom should only be restricted if his freedoms were
in conflict with those of another
person. Then “an appropriate
group" ought to include those
persons and the other mem<
bars of their basic social (or
living) unit. At Grinnell, the
basic social unit would usually
be the members of a particular
residence hall, although on a
matter of wider concern, several calls or the entire campus
might be the basic unit. If the
entire community were involved,
the faculty and administrators
would participate also because
then they would be members
of the basic unit, Griimcll College. Each individuals vote, in
any case, would be equal to
every other.
Perhaps other principles conflict with those I have suggested. i would like to hear
them explained. But in the
past, the arguments I have
heard supporting the present
"legal system" have seemed to
be based on experience rather
than philosophy, and l find my
self beginning our current rules
to have been made by force
rather than logic and upheld
by tradition rather than justice,
However, early of us must decide for himself: 1 move beyolld this decision to a discussion of the possible conclusions
about scltgoveriimcnt and strap<
tries for change, and their implications for Grinnell.
Some students may believe
that we do not have the right
to make our civil social regulations. They might, if they desired, petition the administration to be granted the privilege
of self-government.
Others may believe that We
have the right, but that We
should not use revolution or
radical action to gain the proc—
local exercise of selfrgovern-
. ment ,There are a large cum<
her of things to be considered
about this. i think everyone
favors using the most peaceful
means possible for achieving
social change, but what if the
administrators turn us down?
What if there are then no
“legal means" left?
lodging from past experience,
I would guess that the majority
of us would continue to have
illegals as often as possible.
There would probably be no
more students processing compliance then as there are now.
We would still have to choose,
however, between a quiet noncompliance acid an outright revolution.
Some would then say, as they
have in the past, that it would
be best to keep things quiet
and continue to have illegals
without really dealing the system. This would avoid the discomforts of a revolution, but
has several dtsadvaiitages. 0c-
nationally, students are expected or put on promotion for
illegals, and it could be any
one of us in the future. At
present it is not possible to use
illegals for more than a very
limited range of activities.
There iS a chance that the
peace and quiet We have been
accustomed to will never again
settle over this issue. Probably
most important, 1 feel it is
fundamental to a student to live
in a situation such as Grinnell
has been and is, in which it
is produced that all illegals are
held for sexual purposes, and
that the primary reason for
being alone in a room with a
person or the opposite sex is
to “make it” in private. Each
year's freshman class is betrayed by the upperciassmen
who let such a system continue.
Others would think a revenue
tion too mostly in terms of
damage to our community and
our relations with the outside
world. it is true that a great
deal of wilderness might be
accused by a student upcoming
However, it may be that at
some point it becomes more
irresponsible to be silent than
to be obnoxionsly vocal. 1 think
those who speak of the necessity of presenting our spirit of
community are well interpreted
but that they fail to realize
that there are some extends of
inequality and authoritarianism
beyond the limits of which the
concept and practice of community cannon be stretched.
Even a benevolent director is
presented by his very position
from empathlzing with those he
rules. Perhaps the subject must
assets his density at the expense
of the rules before they can
really engage in a community.
it has been said that radical
action at Grinncll would affect
the college's relationships with
outside groups such as parents,
alumni, trustees, potential students, and donors. The implla
nation has always been that
this would be a managing effect,
but perhaps we should not assume that until we have some
information on which to base
an opinion. And even if it were
to hurt Grillltell in terms of
money and public support, perhaps the good a revolution could
do on campus would be worth
it. Money is vital to a college,
it is true, but there is much
more to a college than money.
Also, the way a revolution would
affect the outside world would
depend partly on how it was
treated by the administrators,
and if they were to permit
peaceful change, or to produce
satisfactory arguments against
student self rule, there would
be no revolution at all.
Some would say, or have
said, that a revolution could not
succeed. I do not see how it
could fail, if enough of us stood
firmly united. If enough students
truly believed it was their right
to be selirgovernlng, and if they
simply began to exercise that
right, the revolution would be
incredible. How many would be
enough? No one knows exactly
— perhaps if tivo or chi'ee calls.
acting as individuals and as
,social, units. were‘ to withdraw, .
J", .l v)- “iii
Page Flu
__._.
the system might be detected“
perhaps it would require greater numbers, But I am confident
that if we decided we were got
ing to have a revolution. we
would also have a victory.
t ALDRICH
Continued from Page 1
where her main concern won
with the development and pray
motion of automated health
testing.
Before movie to Washington,
Steve had attended the Union
theoretical seminars in New
York City, working towards a
Bachelor of Divinity degree.
While in Washington, he collect.
ed material for an as yet accompanied thesis on Christian
ethics in the bureacracy.
When the Aldriches were on
faced employment at Grlnliell,
they were already considering
a change from their Washing.
ton positions. They were not
sure what they wanted to do.
but this opportunity at Grinnell
seemed to be a perfect interim
between positive jobs. They
were “dedicated that the Dp‘
mortality came along to be
closely acquainted with the development of Grillilell,"
syria believes that her role
as Resident Advisor will bee
come whatever the people up
solved will make it. She will
try not to get greatly involved
with politics of the hall or take
sides on issues, which “will be
difficult to do." She wants to
device as much time to the students and their problems as they
would like.
syria would also like to be
able to serve as a liasoii yes
green the students and the faculty. She feels far enough away
from being a student not to
tliinli exactly like one, yet close
enough to remember what col<
logo was like. In this position
she feels that she can offer a
different perspective to plot»
less.
So far, the Aldriches have
found their new situation very
removable. syria has always
liked working with people and
enjoys getting out or the “stability" of government. Although
Steve is employed by the college as a traveling admissions
connector, already several girls
have used the opportunity or
having an “older" man around
with whom they can talk over
problems.
) KRAUSMAN
Continued from Page 1
jobs: employment interpreted,
writer, bidding teacher, toy
salesman, pepper-jar filter, Wells
cargo guard, etc. In 1964 Krausman went to U. Mass. He also
studied at Mt. Holyoke, the Valley Film Center, Smith College,
and Amherst. His hobbies are
writing and talking. He holds
an MA. in playstation whilst‘
he considers more of a liability than an asset (“If you have
a B.A. you may be able to
write, an M. A. it's doubtiul,
a PhD. is fatal.")
For more information call
ext. 509 and ask for hope D’
would.
 
Photo by nick '{germany
CARLET AND BLACK
Friday. splomloor I5. I961
v11“ ’ £4 3§
Photo by Nei| Fischcr
leaving a web at mystery in her embroidered and
Thomas. strikes a related pass by the college high. Tom linked Pancho, hip kai- o'cshhor. a Read tieshman
years a conservative brown mil. broader. and s painted her Des points. la.. worried over her vegetable heads.
ﬁe, De spider open expression, Pat i. usually retired in
means. turtleneck. and ihadax.
A good Joe her Alton. all.. Gates xophomore Tom Siaispangled "band guys"
Jerry summer liighil displays sit the pole. Jerry. a La
Grave. disc., sports e {91‘
suit. boots. and a JFK medal
her Cedar Rapids. lu., we.
a displayed leather railroad.
GHRISTIE
0’LOUEEHLIN
'I’m impressed with the earlier of the student body as a
whole and the variety of things
offered to Students at Grinnell,"
moments Christie O’Luughlin,
resident advisor [or years and
strain calls.
Miss O'Loughlin comes from
Boston, attended Smith as an
undergraduate, and received
her master’s degree in modem Chinese history from the
university oi Washington in
seattle.
She learned about the positions open at Grinnell from Dean
’Alice Low’s daughter, a student
at the university
Considering studying for it
corporate in guidance and counseling in colleges, Christie wanted a job living with students.
She previously worked as a resident advisor at the University
pt Washington.
in addition to her duties as
advisor and connector, Christie
is Working in the admission'
office. She feels her primary
duty is to represent the admin<
operation in the residence hall
and serve as an intermediate
between administration and students.
 
JAGK MILLER
Jack Miller, newly arrived advisor to Clark and the morrison,
is also a member or the department of education. He Will teach
a course next semester; this semester he is an observer of students who are practice - teaching in the Grinnell p u b l i c
schools.
Miller fails from Kansas City,
received his BA. from the University of Missouri (spent his
junior year at the University oi
Vienna) and an M.A. from Hans
cards
Asked about his reaction to
Grinnell. Miller said that it ll
pretty much what he expected.
“1 had few preconceived nations. although i did expect it to
be rather conservative" He
noted that the other advisors ho
had talked to seemed to have
expected Grinnell to be in the
toreiront of Midwestern liberalism—something skin to Antioch.
He 16615 that the atmosphere
he has encountered here is something ot a cross between that of
a state university and the ivy
League. The days he has met
are quite similar in interests to
those he knew as an undergraduate at Missouri,
Miller sees his rule as an ad-
visit, not as a political. He
disorders with those advisors
who feel that simply because
rules have been made, they
should be informed. Rather, students need to arrange their own
lives so that they do not bother
others. No other restrictions are
necessary. If he made any presence ni enhancing rules. Miller
suggests. he would lose the const<
deals of students and he un<
able to advise them.
Photo by keith keyword
i BETI'E DAVIS
This year the girls of Loose
Hall have an enthusiastic new
addition to Grinnell’s faculty in
their first. Miss betty Davis
Miss Davis came to Grinneli
alter receiving her masters degree team the University 01
Washington and spending fifteen
months of study in Germany
betty kinds Grinneli exciting
and demanding She is an assistant instructor in German as
well as a resident advisor.
betty has had previous experience in competing and is serious
and enthusiastic about its During both her junior and senior
years at South Dakota State
University she was it student
advisor of underclassmenr
betty approved of the ubolishr
merit of the housemother system, which she experienced in
college ,and wants to be a
friend of the girls rather than
an "in logo" parent. she describes her job as one of making
life as "proceedings" as possible for the Loose girls.
betty is the type or girl who
gives pizza parties for ireshmen and plays on swingsr She
is addition classes and will be
singing with the choir. betty
has always described her life
as being ”active or too active."
This year promises to be just
that for her,
photo by Dick 'i'retimunn
ZELTE GRAWFORIJ
“As a resident advisor i see
my role as still fabulous. This
is what makes the job flexible
and attention. Structure would
restrict freedom and stable com.
medication.”
keith crawford, resident advisor [or South, North, and
Smith calls. sees this as an im-
start aspect of his changelog work.
delta gained experience in
counseling before his position
here working in a mental hospital and for the Job Corps. He
also has a varied background
in the liberal arts. with concentrations in philosophy. sociology, psychology, English and
Il‘t.
Working within the context ct
ﬂliability, delta hopes to establish a support with the students so that he can communicate with the people that need
help.
“These persons should be able
to bring in problems opened
and forestry because I'm not
going to be a rule informed.
The students must assume re‘
sponsibility for their own actions.”
While having been here only
a short time, Mr. Crawford
closed with a comment on the
campus living conditions.
“North Campus is less hypo<
critical than South Campus be- ‘
cause North Campus seems
more concerned with making
ideas and actions synonymous."
roPhoto by keith seucnid
SUSIE ARGENTI
Mary Argenti (better iinown
as music),~ resident advisor for
barnes and Read, sees herself
as a madison between students
and administration. in addition 5
to her counseling duties, she is
an assisted in the music de—
partners. with tour private
voice pupils As a member or
the college choir. she observed
Mr. Jones with a view. pose ‘
silly. toward adding him in the t
preparation of the mardi Re<
 
Finlay 'ﬂepisode‘r W, l967
Photo by well spider
y lenses lletll and
svenilsgging enthusisophomore irorri Elm
blue-and-while Levi
enny. a James junior
allied knee-boots and
em for performance during
location Weekend.
. native or keyword City on
. Francisco Bay, Miss Argenajored in music at coming College in nearby San
rail, where she performed
quickly as a tourist with their
legs choir.
-fter a year or study toward
l . A. at Stanford, she Went
science, Italy to study voice
I to do research for her dis-
-nation, which was to have
n a performance edition of
so solo contains by blessed—
i charlotte. This project was
shed away when the Arno
as!” its banks last cover-
or the next month, Miss
genre worked, along With
brands of other students, at
task, still not completed,
packaging transcripts and
listings damaged by the flood.
9 left Florence only because
had to return to Stanford
d begin another project to
fill the requirements {or her
free.
ow does she concerns her
ie at Grinnell? “Certainly not
a discrimination." l-her pro-
.ry responsibility is to be a
end to the girls and a cum
apr with ,was they can talk
ly. Their problems, she said
e handled in strict confidence,
th two exceptions: it a girl’s
alto is in danger, authorities
.y need to be elected in order
protect her Well-being, though
5 will not be done without
r consent: If her behavior
own a continuing pattern or
calculations, the resident ador would, alter giving hair
.using, bring the matter to
- attention or the house present. Since she is concerned
th supporting hall governing, she would not go direct-
(i the administration witch consulting hull officials.
lCARLET AND BLACK
Photo by Dick Trenmaiin
A hard worksiliri who describes his dress as “law
camp.“ Essi sophomore Dick temp. team Hyde rsrk.
all.. cycles around in dirt. nearly, ssndsls, and general
disagree. rlis bike is in pmid-husband could _ as
sprockets per cubic wheel.
Miss Argenti double, however.
that rule enforcement will be
come a major concern to her.
She hopes to become well ac<
quainted with her girls and to
take advantage other apartment
(the enhanced and newly-redecorated barnes housemotller’s
suite) for iniorinal entertaining.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photo by Don worker
JOHN MARTELL
John largely, resident advisor
for Cowles and liable, [eels that
Grinneil’s main shortcoming is
isolation and the “small college
alternative" that accompanied
institutional living.
partial, who earned his BA.
and MA. in English Literature
at Western Michigan University,
favors apartment living because
it enables students to set their
own standards as they must in
later like.
increased open forms would
be ai improvement over existing
conditions, he assisted, cautioniiig, however, that opens and
women’s hours are greetings
that district front the real problem: “that it’s institutional living "
Unlortiinately, he continued, it
is apparently impossible in Grub
Hell’s ease to eliminate the institutionalism.
or present conflict between
student leaders and administration he said, “i don’t think it's
a matter of the administration
trying to supplies the students."
partial sees his "somewhat
fabulous position of resident advisor" as a counseling function
although “we’re not trained as
psychiatrists." He is available
to discuss problems with students who don‘t want to talk
with administration or other
students.
”The resident advisor,” he
arrested, “is not a political or
a spy for the administration.”
photo by keith keyword
MYRNA ALBRIGH
Two men are living in Cleveland Hall. The elder of the two.
Steve Aldrich, is the husband
of the Resident Advisor in
James and Cleveland, syria
Aldrich. The other is their two.
yearsold son, Jeffrey.
The Altlricbes, both graduates lit Grinnell came here this
tall (run Washington, D.C.,
where Steve ivas serving in
the Bureau of the Budget reviewing programs and budgets
oi the U. S. Army Corps of
Engineers. syria was working
for the Public Health Service
ALDRICH—
continuity on Page 5
 
Page luv-n
Photo by tion rreuiiiann
psri aerli Alexander. 5 barnes senior from Chicago, all..
gets sri "A" for excellence in her light-blue A-line dress _
and polls-dot bow.
Photo by Alan neriiliai-dt
10E KRAUSMAN
Joe Krausman, resident advisor -in Langan, is a nonconiormist playwright and a mem»
her or the Theatre department.
when 5&3 went to interview
Krausman, he said, "Let's forget the interview, have a beer,
and talk. It you want some information copy the jacket of
this (The Ice Cream taylor
and Other Mechanical Plays by
Joseph Krausman).
We talked, or rather Joe
talked. about many things. me
said he thought residents
were a good idea, especially
for the residents. About Grinnell
he had this to say: “There
should be more going on; 1
was amazon to see so little going on. The students are great.
In fact, the whole school would
be great it they put it on a dolls
and whether it off to Cambridge." Joe has had some annual stories published. When
asked it they were for Children
or adults, Joe replied, “or
course, they’re for adults. Kids
are too young [or animal stories; they should be reading
“porn" books. Adults already
know too much about sex; they
CAMPUS
FASHIONS
By 5&3 SOCIETY EDiTORS
but-ons are as important a:
take-ours in college.
Eilt there is some controversy
as to what constitutes Suitable
suits and the correct (arm of
address on the Grinnell Campus.
Ranging from conservative
styles to high camp, college
clothing reflects life’s variety
of inches.
Scratch a night, however, and
you get a editorial sub-culture.
Joe c o l l e g e, Betty tired,
attached blue \Vorkshirts and
“nipple iowa teeiiy-bumper‘” are
all parts or the central campus
scene.
A ﬁnfl style of dress goes
by the name of “bandrgily
clothes’lrstyles that members at
i'llythmsandsbhles bands wear,
Posing as referral Grinnell
students, you can see them all
on a sunny alternooii.
llllllillllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllIIIlllllIIlllllllllllIIlllllillillllllllllllllli
should be reading about Enid
male.”
He will be direction two of
his Mechanical Plays (each
play features some mechanical
device around which the action
takes place) in Arena Theatre
Sept. 26, 27, 28. Joe expects to
Write at least a few stories and
a play during his stay at Grin.
well this year.
For those who are interested
in such things, Joseph Krausman was born in Brooklyn
where he attended the local
schools. After two years in the
Arm y, Krausman went to
Brooklyn College where he managed in Chemistry and history.
Alter teaching history a number of years Krausman did odd
KRAUSMAN—
Continued on Page I
 
'all right
SCARLET AND ILAOK
Friday. September IE, ”57
 
IN THE BEGINNING . . .
Last December set the president, and now both the administration and the student
body are reading the results
of the turmoil which that inconclusive battle created. “Now
we must try again," is the
cry; challenge the states que;
go to the extreme to get results, action over reason, not
for the sake at, or in the service of reason, but for the sake
of action itself. What is the
cause of this annual battle-cry?
What is the end in View? What
are the real medications for so
acting? clearly not everyone
feels exactly the some way, or
has the same end in view, but
at the same time. a large number of people are willing to participate In a common action, or
common means to diverse ends,
How can this be?
The first confusion that must
he noted is one having to do
With ends, or what those people who have originally the
controversy really want. That
is, are the ends which are
sought broadbased enough to
warrant such every action, or are
they really too miniature to
be allowed to assume the
productions of principles
Worth fighting for? This
‘l‘Iistlncthn must be realized before any action whatsoever can
be taken The problem is that
too many activists are trying
for a change not in the form
of principles (from which rules
are derived) but are starting at
the wrong end with rules and
then trying to develop principles. This confusion can be
certified by asking, “What is
the longstange goal of any reform: principles on which to
set up rules which will then be
contributing. or the rules themselves?" The answer is an 0b-
.virus one, of course: one should
seek first for the principles and
then device the rule from the
principle. This is the only log.
ical way of maintaining any
continuity in a community or
any sort.
But it, on the other hand,
one is led by a small number
of pseudwrational activists who
are verbal for the sake of a
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. [OWA
Action from the Post om“
narrow point oi view, the only
result is e defensive and very
likely every reaction on the
part of the party whose principles or lack of principles are
challenged. To be printed by
the edition of the ‘cause', and
not to perceive the happiness
of the aim ultimately leads to
a kind of selfrdestructiarl.
Again, though, what is the
reason that this type of thing
happens over and over again?
Is it because students are in
sexuality array‘anal. or carroll i n d e d, or overly-emotional
cause-seekers? Fortunately this
is not the case. But rather, unfortunately. the cause is larger
than this and items from a
problem which is not as easy
to perceive. The problem is one
or a confusion on the part of
those who actually do determine the principles by which we
live on this campus; and from
which undergraduate principles
the rules are derived. The con
fusion books down to the liability to determine whether the
principles or this college are
ethical or political. And it one
or the other, what kind of ethical or political picture is correct. The fact is that ethics
and politics are not necessar<
fly actually exclusive. and that
in use this distinction as a
basis for installing contracting
decisions or viewpoints is only
rationalization and another indication of the ambivalence of
attitude and belief an the part
of the administration, What is
the goal of this college any
way? To create happiness for
all of the Students equally, or
just for the greatest number
possible? The problem is that
principle-making resolved itself
into an old and very diiicult
Headquarters For" .
HOUSES . SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRESSES
9
GRINNELL NEWTON
By PAUL JONES
philosophical problem: humanitarian ethics vs. utilization ethics. That is, should principles
and then rules be set,up for
the sake of each individual
equally, or for the sake of the
greatest happiness or the greatest number? The legislation of
the administration IS, on this
whole, an indication that no de<
vision has ever been reached
concerning this diploma. In a
sense, the attitude M the student body is certified when put
into the light of the administration’s independently, An example of the result of this is
last December‘s debate concerning ‘flexible policy: Now
this phrase is a contamination
in itself. (or a policy is a set
or determined principles and as
such is not flexible. The proc»
less which arise last fall were
not the result of policy, but of
a type or amoebic flexibility,
What is needed then? Per
maps the first thing to do is
to call for a statement of actual
policy or principles on the part
of the administration with respect to the desired of the student body evidenced by certain
recent activities; then it will be
possible to corporate rules in
line With these principles, and
it will be easier to judge when
and ii a principle is isolated.
The next step is for the student
body either collectibles or
through their representatives to
decide whether these principles
are “good" or “bad" and in
the presence or the administration. On that basis then lists
liable action can be taken. But
let us not be so blind and vocational as to continue a process which has led and will
continue to lead only to more
and more confusion, and on
such a narrow basis as that of
rules. Let us be aware of and
seek for principles.
0
74°“ [Y -R ECORDS- EXPERIKICE
‘T : NATASHA 259.0193:
w" E l56 std’ntg..mac.
 
See R & J for your
Yarn Supplies
Colombia mineral &
Brunswick Yarn
peoples & knitting Bags
905 MAIN
 
BATES FLGWERS
ANIMAL BEHAVIOUR
By Nei kitchen
II' Walls at Gdnneil could speak, they worlds't. They’d
stream. . . .
And they do, some at them. especially on North Campus.
Smith l-call walls are, in fact, among the most loquacious, client,
dependence, resourceful, and movement walls I have ever seen . . .
or is it heard?
The fellow who put them up must have added a little extra
something in the portal because — unlike most students who
shell inside college walls — they Stand up for something.
The ﬁrss piece of graffiti I noticed was a quote from. i think,
Alice in Wonderland: “‘THE TIME HAS COME,’ THE WALRUS
SAID, ‘TO DO AWAY WITH CHILDISI'I THINGS.’ ” “Fire up {or
opens!” was detailed in by a later author at the bottom.
Then they got better: “I'M HOMOSEXUALI A VICTIM OF
MY ENVIRONMENT." I always did wonder why such a protective, contributions college still allowed boys In other boys' room:
late at night.
“I'M HETRO-SEXUAL (le) , . , HOW ABOUT YOU?" Well.
I coupon't say. You see, I've been here a couple or years and . , .
One graffiti) was an alleged Smith interview with the means.
The situation: “The fashion of liberalism took a heating Imm
a sense oi conservation . . . Please do not approach your ellis<
trials hall president for a while; he is in deep meditation over the
fate of SGA.”
I'll bet you some ones there are who do not love that wall.
How about “SMITH IS READY . . . ARE YOU?" or “SMITH
HALL STANDS FIRM AS EVER.” I'm sure the building does, any<
way.
One last example. particularly interesting (and that'quote radical): “WE WILL NOT SETTLE FOR HALF-A-LOAF! RAZE THE
OLD REGIME TO THE GROUND!!!"
But please, guys, it you do. leave the walls. Stone walls do not
necessarily a ministers make, And anyway I believe in “contacting” miracles: “Remember. you must always leave the wall."
I encourage administrators who Want to know What other
students are thinking to read the walls daily and not my column.
Some walls, of course, are less radical (and therefore less in‘
investing) than others. The one inside the Langan doorway. for
example, just exhibits a note telling tieshmen they can get new
light rules from the said, It is so easy to be encountered at drink
hell.
The top two floors or mailing Library have walls of booksi‘
walls in nursing basement are totally devoid of references.
Other walls lecture quickly on American constitutional history
in ARI-I.
Walls are weights matter to think over, and I must admit I'm
a little registered while writing this Column. Last week, you
know, all i iliouglit l was doing was hunting a few administrators
— in context for a change. A faculty member labelled that column
“a pentium,”
When 1 tried the student body to act in its own behalf, at
least one administrator implied I was a “baptist.”
So this week I thought I’d just write about brick walls, I hope
you all write in wild call me a Mason.
,, drawn/w
 
in).
,‘,_od‘¢l,’“m;5 ,
year-n5, ' .IS""l'IN-‘ .
ﬁdial 9&1: {up mm
 
Friday, September IE. I967
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
* euuius ports
By KATHY SHEA
Stuart semester, concert trombonist, will open the 1967.53
Grinneli College Concert Series with a decimal tonight at 8 11ml
in Roberts Theatre.
semester will present live numbers, all composed in very
recent years. The first is earned Chllds’ “donate for Solo from»
bone.” written in 1961. The other four, all composed in 1966, are
Jacob Druckman’s “Animus i for Trombone and Tape,” Luciano
mario's "sequence V,” Robert ericsson’s “Rieercar a 5 for Trombone,” and machine Oliveros’ "Theatre Piece for Trombone Player
and Tape," with bibliography by Elizabeth Harris.
Known nationally for his performances of and instrumentation
in contemporary music, semester has also toured Europe and
Canada. He has preferred a number or new trombone pieces, including the mario, ericsson, and Oliveros works he will be performing here.
The Forum Open House, this Weekend's entertainment feature,
brings the Pete print printer, an exceptional band team Mason
City, iowa, to the North Lounge from 9:30 to 12:30 on Saturday
night. The band is known for their hit single, “Walking Proud,”
very popular in Des points right nuwr
Robert L. Short, author of The Gospel According to planets,
the number one best seller 0‘ all non-fiction titles in 1965, will present a color slide lecture on “planets” at 10 pm. Saturday in the
South Lounge.
Mr. short, working on his PhD. in theology and literature
at the Divinity School or the University of Chicago, is also giving
the person at 11 am. Sunday in service Chapel.
“The Mountain aug Love Band," a ”terrible groove group,"
according to Rick owner, performs at 11:15 pm. Saturday in the
South Lounge. They play all kinds or music, but expensive blues
and authentication.
As part or the continuing entertainment, Rick dresses is playing ﬂagency guitar music at 10:15 tonight in the Forum Coffee
House.
The Jam Session at 10:45 pm tonight in the North Lounge
features the “Soul Survivors"
“The maine Mutiny” (1955), produced by stanley frames,
directed by Edward Dmytryk, and based on the novel by german
Wouk, is this weekend‘s movie in ARH auditorium. Starring Humphrey Bogart, Van Johnson, Jose secret, and Fred MacMurrayI
the movie will be shown at 7:30 pm. Saturday and 9:30 pm Sunday. The story deals with a group of naval officers who rebel
against an irresponsible commander, Captain queen, portraits
by Bogart and climaxes in the famous court martial sequence.
“Luv,” starring Jack common and plains May is still playing at the Strand Theater through Saturday. “The Big Mouth,” a
Jerry Lewis comedy, plays through Tuesday the 19th and “The
Oscar." a movie with a variety oi stars, including Stephen Boyd,
Elke summer, and Jill St. John, about winning an Oscar award,
will be shown on Wednesday and Thursday.
Air conditional
SERVING I4 KINDS OF
PIZZA
Hours
Mon. thin Sat, __
4:10 p.m. tn 1 ﬂ.mi
Suit. — #:30 P.m. to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Serving lrnm 5 put to 9 [1,!”
Spaghetti
ALL
NEW
1968
Ben graham (Biology) finds himself in deep water at
the carnival.
CARNIVAL A SUCCESS
Good attendance and general
enthusiasm characterized Grinnell's carnival last Saturday
night.
The months, in general, showed imagiiiatioii and preparation.
However, they came no where
close to replacing the enters
laser and excitement generated
by float building at homecoming.
The casino and d u n win g
months were especially attractive to those in attendance and
FM TABLE RADIO
Salad
Garlic Bread
Coffee
PHONE 235-5331
PAGLIAI'S
927 Broad —— Grinnell
PATRONIZE OUR
o precision Vernierionin. - length email
who nAv NDTE . Model x309. New,
slim generator selling. New advanced
length FM tuner. Large 6”x4” heaven
Aulomati: Bass boost Circuit. Line
Card PM antenna, cabinet comes in
‘your choice at 2 colors.
$125
PIZZA
ADVERTISERS
Zlidili’s owner T0 cause
Your Gift Headquarters
Where Savings Are Great
&,on|fly Even Greater
- automatic Fluzuonty comes lot drilling m unplhn;
strain
only
$2995
deeper Music Company
83! Broad Street
the rides, lights, and music ad
deal to the carnival atmosphere.
For those who made it over
[0 Seventh and P a rk , the
mounted (conference) house was
removable.
The cool weather and lack of
more variety made the carnival
slow down before closing time,
but as a whole, those working
on the carnival are to be congratulated for the eligibility
and hard work that made the
evening successiiil.
Welcome
Students
We Have Exclusively
DllBarry
Mary Sherman
St. Johns
Men’s Line
Stutld
Men's Line
King’s Chocolates
Also Visit Our
Personal Prescription
Department
THARP
PHARMACY
817—4": Ave.
gilbert investors
log: _ Fillewx ._ onip
m Mai-
Page Not!
EX LOGO TO
OPEN TSMGHT
EX Loco parental, Grinnell'l
nllrcampus coffee house, located
on Broad Street next to deeper’l
opens this weekend, giving students a place to go {or after‘.
hours entertainment.
Plans have been made for
the coffee house to be open
from 10 pin. to 2 am. every
Tuesday, Friday and Saturday.
There is no admission charge
but donations are welcome. All
programs and services are voluntai-y.
Entertainment this weekend
features the “Folk Process,”
headed by Rick owner on Fri:
day night and the “Soul Sun
rivers” on Saturday night.
The coffee house, entirely
student run and incorporated,
s not officially connected with
the college. Sponsored by the
Board of Religion, EX Loco Pas
reviews has also received support
from the Student Government
Association, the senior class
gift, and private donations.
Entertainment ranges from
folk and soul music to poetry
and discussions Food include:
expresso coffee, trust, teachers
and cheese. The coffee house
workers, headed by David Swee,
are always open to suggestions.
Swingliner
@333
Test yourself...
Whal do you see in the ink blotsiil
[I] A Japanese
iudo expert?
Just an ink spot?
found Vesuvius?
 
 
 
A Gene fully middle?
TOT trailers?
(TOT Suplenli million...)
This is a.
Swmghne
not chapter"
so"
(includes took smaller),
Llrgcr him we mil.
sum. any 51,59
Uncundirimuiiy air-united.
Al any stationery, surely, or book “are.
SW lNGi
LONG ISLAND CITY, NV. not
'uuwsﬂux nidlls 10L 1
outdoor; linear nor minus 1.0:. our...
.2... price/C :aippur Anny auto y a"...
or air-u . r. ov -, mat.
to an
sun-4.; . o. no: ,r teams“
 
rage Ten
SCARLET AND BLACK
NEW VENDING MACHINES
'As the forces or industrialization and authorization costume their vigorous strike
across the United States, they
[para not even such a haven
of company ruralism us Grinnell. Machines have become
dominant in even this apple
checked society. Computers ﬁsure grade points and ruthlessly
meta out rates and no longer
will the tries 0!, ”Food, food”
he heard on South Campus as
sending machines follow in the
time-worn steps at Honor G.
suspension r; a n d y, refrigerator foods, sandwiches, and
cigarettes, and messaging the
bottomless pit and nicotine
cabin which is trim-tell, machines are or are being postal<
led in Loose laundry, partner
lounge, Cowles and counter
classroom. The machines, which
will be services daily, according
to Director oi references Ralph
Pomerenk, are part. of a general reform movement in the
reiurbishing of residence calls.
To aid and workforce the use
of the machines, a change
machine which will accept dog<
[31‘ bills, half dollars and quarters Will be installed in thu
Activities Room at the Forum.
 
SWEIE’S GRINNELL LAUNDRY
GRINNELL'S ONLY HOME-OWNED
Serving Both North and South
Campus Agencies
Specializing in Shirts and Wash-Pants
236-6071
 
GOOD FOOD - PITCHER BEER
FRIDAY NIGHT SPECIAL:
Complete Meal — $1.35
TOM'S LONGHORN
 
When- should you wear this chukka?
How about camping, physics, sports events,
birdwatching and yard work for a start?
Once you start wearing this good looking
chukka, you can make your own list. Bucks
comes in either creation’ trusted Pigskin”
or sonic, in smooth grove leather. In tranny
outdoor shades. doc toe selling. And steel
thank for walking comfort. Try a pair.
ON MAIN STREET — GRINNELL
} FAC U LTY
(Continued (mm Page 1)
ing several projects involved
with Frenchrlanguage printing
and publishing outside ot
France during the 18th century; and Vanderpool taught
logic at the American University in Paris.
Dr. Debicki divided his time
between Spain and the United
States While researchers and
writing a book on the posts and
Friday. 'Sepi'amber I5, m1
poetry or the Spanish “Generation of 1927."
maker, Senegal, provided the
location [or a study oi urban
development in Africa by Dr.
Belts.
Dr. Donahue served as a
guest lectures, teacher, and di—
sector at San Francisco State
College.
Dr. Walker studied blocked‘
entry and radiation at the University of British Columbia.
Canada.
 
It’s birmingham Drug
for Brands You Know
phones
aaron
Rubinstein
Coty
Bonnie Bell
Max Factor
danny Farmer
Hallmark Cards
eastern
argue
Faberge
candles
Lunvin
Marcelle
million
pussy
Pangburn
Candy
Norcross words
Polaroid
Sylvania
Nine Flags
Brut
English Leather
Jaguar
chapel for Men
candles
Bath Tub win
Cricket
Jade East Coral
English Leather
Lime
International
Jade East
Pub
That Man
Lonvin for Men
Faberge
yorkshire
Max Factor
Old Spice
peak
Villa tests
GIGARETTES —- LOWEST PRICES
, GRINNELL'S Bus‘iesr D‘duo pro
 
ﬁlthy. September tl. I!" ICAIILET AND ILACK
I trips... ., TASTY PASTRY SHOP
”M "For All Your
fly responsibilities Ind envn-on-
merit. Perhaps the responsible- makers see d5"
its to family also partially explain: the one to tour ratio or
male to female students. 923 BROAD
English and education are the 136-4396
This '3 where YOU BUY colleges two largest report~
series. Many students go on to
teach alter graduation, usually
The Best for less in Tennessee, Due to the tear
of reaction {or future teacher
ITOIE HOURS: MONDAY 11w SAT. 1:00-8:00 positions, many students in this
“In” 9:00 To 9:00 ﬁend did not march with other
students from LeMoyne in a
protest of police mortality early
"90"" & 390"” MS Grinnell State Bank
score AEROSO site: liliesisthmus:
or otherwise). The march stem»
DEODORANT med [mm a discussed of
89C charges against two silicon-len
in an incident with u LeMayne
new” Pd“ ‘1‘" ' ' student. All at the Grinnell
students at genuine — Rick
hair, Grant Crandall. Mary
JERGEN'S Gieysteen, Terry Poland, and
myself 7 witnesses the hearing
LOTION $ 09 on the case.
Nonetheless, LeMnyne is a 1
. small, quiet college. it, [00, is TER
Em" my "/f'" P"'"P' "0 5'" """ isolated. Though there was both
isolation-and protection in the l'l
ULTRA BRITE a is 4* Ave-
exposure tn the city's activities. sessions
TOOTHPASTE 52¢ greenﬁinhiiniilféifﬁvia‘i
Grinnell's complete
. . but a token amount on tickets
We tom-It me ~ in many plays. vocal groups, Shop for Women
orchestra, and folk groups per—
GIBSON forming in Memphis. Mention "SOMEIHING NEW
STYLE PRICE should also be made uf basket- EVERY DAY“
HAIR SPRAY 6 6c cfr'é’riidiév‘él‘ibif’ieiiolii,‘?§§
certainly the most enjoying one
16 M. bag or Had. $1.19 lb.
 
Welcome to Grinneli
 
thuslasm for this sport is presentﬂus and will nut diminish
despite the supplementatlnn this
NESTLES GIISON year at two new sports, swimPRICE king and tennis.
medication was made, can-
CREAM RINSE win. rm
this spring, or the new student
union This may provide a place
tar cnngregatldn and the ex-
GIBSON change of ideas, as well as
MENNEN “ICE mod, wrist (ur pindchle) and
fraternity news until students
SKIN BRACER can live together in campus
C references. When this happens
79¢ sin
 
51.10 size the signihcance oi the GrinnellLeMoyne exchange program
will increase further,
The value, learning, and enST. JOSEPH GPIESSEN comment of last semester were,
(or me, immeasurable Meet~ ASPIRIN 57c inns with John teachers, rule Clockmemhkm
line lines trunk beneath the nut-
. . , mileage oi the car coat
100 s _ 473., 5," ‘ settings ot the library on a cut to into length and
beautiful Sunday morning {or times to pace lesbian
a friend’s sister’s wedding. and ' with swift new looks,
eating chat’line, are all a part These closer any-weather
CANNON 66‘ or it. costs sport hardcore
Perha s, since LeMo he has tailorin ,st k d t '1BATH TOWELS ,, y ,, W
adopted a calendar year signs- ins. and special features
lnr to Grinnell’s, with enough such ass in front, a
Special , interest and organization the fresh plant on when
program could he expanded to or a soil DeiL
include both computers.
HELBROS We are all interested in sharing these experiences and others
WATCHES $1888 with all oi you.
Values M $42.50.
. . t sent 'Ierestedin
Your choice this week . S u s In
working for cycle 'sx,
Grinnell‘s textbook, in my
capacity should call Peggy
Everything Ai Discount Prices moms“- at a m"
as possible.
 
Page Twelve
élllillltlillllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllilllilllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllill
Es & B SPORTS
WW”llllillllllllllillilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllillllillllllllllllliilllllillllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllll
' GRAY MATTER
sy BILL GRAY
Well. wells It seems that some people have been slightly upset
by some of my recent columns merely because my facts are ins
accurate,
For example, I said there would be two instead of three
referred this year which is incorrect. I also said the Smith press
beat the Clark press while, in truth, they never made it past midfield which can hardly be construct as nomination play.
in any case, I find this insightﬁcant as my journalistic month
Is, “It matters not whether you tell the truth, but whether what you
say makes good reading.” In the future 1 will try to be slightly
more accurate but don't go betting the family levels on the authenticity of my statements
Having looked at the I. M. football schedule [or this year, I
notice that the games will be played just a hop, step, and jump
from the center of the campus. All games, that is, With the election of those played on Stable Field which is a hop, step, and
amp, . . . and hop, . . . and lead, . r . and two giant steps, . . .
and eleven sponsor steps, . . . and four hundred and fifteen strikes,
. . The reason for this is that Mac Field is going to be turned
into an aboretum or something and therefore we must not treat
on it, This is about as possible as putting up Keep on the Grass
signs in a national park I worlds’t go so far as to say Stable
told is out of the way, but at the last game, four aboriginal tried
eat our footballr As a famous English poet once said (or was he
l'each?), “We’d deadly give up girls and meals /lr you'd give us
act our football fields.” or was he Persian? Chinese? , r .
 
OPEN DAILY
5-1 Mon. thru hours.
5-2 Fri., Sat. 8: Sun.
AHRVANO'S
"The harrison's" PIZZA Tom & sen.
Phone 235-6222 for Free Delivery
 
HANSEN’S
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
Meyer Shoe Service
Next to Grinnell State Bank
Harold Meyer, Owner
THE VARSITY
Paperbacks
Magazines
Greeting cards
Smoking Supplies
Newspapers
Records
SCARLET AND BLACK
HARRlERS SET
FOR SEASON
The cross country season
opens tomorrow with a dual of
three miles against joe. it is
scheduled to start at 11 aim.
at the Griiineli cmss country
course, which begins on the
Ward Field track, goes across
the soccer fields to the golf
course and back again.
Coach Obermlller expects his
carriers to have a fairly successful season if everyone stays
healthy. The team is led by
captain Doug gray with Bob
Asbille, Bob Grant and Spencer Clark mentioned as other
outstanding winners. Asbille is
a sophomore and the rest are
seniors Other members of the
squad include senior George
Potter, seniors Bruce Luecke
and Phil belong and sophomores Eric Thor, John gilbert,
Steve diesel, and Glen browsing.
A cross cﬂentry team race is
either three or four miles long.
The official variety distance is
four miles and the official
freshman distance is three
miles. A team consists of seven
winners with the top five {flashers on each team scoringl
The runner finishing first gets
one point, the second finished
gets two points and so our The
team with the lowest score
wins. Thus, the man running
fifth {or the learn is as essential to the team effort as
the number one man on the
squad.
Also running against (Joe tomorrow, but not included in
the scoring, will be the freshman team,
SUGSESSFUL
SOGSER GLUE
WANTS STILL
BETTER YEAR
Soccer, the most popular form
of athletic competition in the
world, once again takes its
place among Grinnell athletics.
reached by Kojo Kpordze and
led by president Richard Marz,
the thirty members of the soccer Club are optimistic about
improving last year’s 46-1 rec0rd.
The Soccer Club is a student
organized and coaches enterprise, With financial assistance
and team sport credit granted
by the Athletic Department.
Faculty competition is provided
through the services of Mr.
harley.
The club practices on bondage, Wednesdays, and bridges
from 4: 15 to 6:00. An ilitersquad
scrimmage has been scheduled
for September 24 on enables
Fields The first game will be
on September 30 against Carletan with matches against Knox
and Central included on the
roster.
President Marz arrested the
fact that the Soccer Club is a
teaching organization. approve
lately half the players have
had no previous game experience. All prospective players
and all spectators are tried to
support this winning team.
Friday. September [5, WAT
TiiE lilo ITZER
By JOHN RA:
The change of suit preference
signal is a useful defensive signal which may give partner the
key to the defense of the contract It is used when one is
free to lead one of several
cards in a holding and one
wishes to direct partner to lead
one of two questionable suits.
In the following hand, after
the six of spaces opening lead,
the queen was played from
jimmy, which was taken by =
East's ace, as declared dropped ff,” prff" 332°“
the seven. Not looked by De- 4H p,“ p,“
player's raisecard, East re- Opening ind, leads six
turned the jack of spaces which
West buffer, West realized that East was free to lead any card in
his space holding and that the lead of the jack might be a change
of suit preference signal. Of the two suits other than trust (in this
case, diamonds and clubs), at high card signals partner to lead
the higher ranking of the two suits, while a low card signals the
lead of the lower ranking suit. East returned a diamond, the higher
ranking suit hoping that he found an entry to East’s hand. East
cached the ace and returned a space to defeat the contract
of course, before this convention is used it must be agreed tips
on by the partnership. The signal has wide application in no—trust
as well as trust contracts, and again is based upon two conditions: one must be able to lead any card in one’s holding and the
card must be recognized as such; and there can be only two suits
to be distinguished, a high card signature the higher ranking suit,
a low card signature the lower ranking suite
$0619
”a .. ..
09;!
dose
npzy new
7
o
a
K 0
ins!
pan
pa"
 
Photo by Don Hacker
i WANT you . . . for Orchesis. Grinnell's modern
dance group needs men. Contact Judy Mendelsohn {or
information.
 
Wayne’s greenhouse
”the sex“
countries — Beverages — Fine Foods
NEXT TO THE THEATER
 
partner's
AIM/AVE ”FIST GUN-mt
GIRLS
Get Ready for Fall
This Weekend Thru Saturday Only
WOMEN'S NYLON HOSIEBY
REDUCED THIS WEEK
Regular Price 3 pr. for $2.95
NOW THRU 3hr . $234
SATURDAY
 
