 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORMER GRINNELL STUDENTS Mark Schorr; carb Shivley and Steve
billy (hit at man carrying sign) in Iarf Saturday'r Vietnam war present
march in New York. The march war claimed to be the largest anti-war
protect ever held in the U.S. 5.. additional pictures on page: 5.1.
New York march
is nation's largest
By Richard Schnelrov
The nation’s largest peace march,
held in New York City, was composed
of a wide variety of people. parties—
pants included Women for Peace,
“Black power” degrees, 5.9.3. members, players, Teachers for Peace,
ciergymen, and local hippiesr Young,
learned men carrying flags of the Na.
signal generation Front walked beside
well dressed couples from suburbiar
The march originally in Central
*5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Park in the “sheep shadow,” at 1
pm, April 15. Before the march about
7|) young men gathered in the park to
burn their draft cards. One of the
draft card borders was wearing the
uniform oi the Special Forces Unit,
commonly known as the “Green Beretsr"
The march convicted, in part, of loose
groups or demonstration. One of the
first group: to lead out was a continuing at college processors from colleges
in the northeast. who processors more
their caps and towns, and instead of
See NEW YORK on Page 8
GRINNELL'S ANNUAL DRUNKEN SPRING RIOT
took place last Tuesday night with less than the
usual amount at damage. This may have been the
last legal "root": the means plan to issue a statement next week which will ban all future legal
roots. See more photography on page 4. letter on
page 3 and editorial on page 2. Photo by my: german
Senate continues
committee revisions
Phil potential provided over his first
senate meeting. son president pic
MacDowell rose to read a statement
from the dean’s offices accounting the
elimination of hours for all women during the 19674968 academic year.
The senate formed a study group to
recommend any changes in lounge and
campus building hours. This group will
be completed of members of the C of
HP, AWS board, and senate.
MacDowell his 0
announced President
suggest is creating
a special faculty
committee to review
proposed changes in
the court system.
The senators con»
linked to establish
committees. Bertonthal announced the
senate would con
since the counseling
3 rt (1 admissions
committees. T h a
senate also created
a SAGA Committee
to serve as a clear
ing house for food
service fragrances.
Any student m ay
belong to one or
these committees.
soil-KP president
Bill Fligeltaub announced L a n g a n
will be loaded $100
from North Campus
social funds to buy
furniture from this
year's seniors to IE‘
sell in the fall. Fligeltallb certified tiles
action on the grounds that Langan’s social activities were happened by a $180
deficit in hall funds.
20 Phi genes named;
Siauss gives address
protest and Dean of the College
James ii. Stauss congratulated the
new members of Phi beta happy in
service chapel Monday.
Named were David R, wilson, men-
 
See PHI BETES on page I
The Grinnell
REPORTER
 
Volt 74—Grinnell College. Grinneil, Iowa SOIIZ. Sat..april 22. I967—No. ZA
 
ill Grinnolilans march in BM.
By Phyllis Murray
“determined" was the byword of last
Saturday's peace demonstration in Des
points. A group of too partners, about
100 from Grinnell, walked through the
downtown area to a rally at the Iowa
Statehouse. The Grinnell delegation included 16 demonstration who had
liked 15 miles from Mitchellville to Des
points,
The controlled tone of the march was
set initially by its organizing (the brake
University Committee on Non-Violent
Alternatives), who passed out video—
graphic statements saying, in part:
“Let us not give the press a‘chance
to cloud over the central christ of
our demonstration with extraneous irc
celebrities, be they outbursts oi primarily, diet long flags, smart remarks or whatever else.”
This written warning was reinforced
with a per-talk about the rangers of
violence and the importance of a peaceful protest.
As if to concentrate these definitions, at small group of hecklcrs cap
dying‘ signs programming, “The only
‘good' Red is a dead Red," ”Hughes
banks Red trailers," and, “Get out of
U. N., not v. Nam," accompanied the
line of peace demonstration, Carrying a
concentrate flag as “a symbol of resistance", the counter - demonstration,
most Di Whom Claimed to be members
of the American Constitution Party,
spent their time shooting "peace
cheers!" at the partners. The leader
of the group, identified by the Des
points Register as Lee indie, carried
a gasoline can and a sign with the
words: “Free gasoline and matches for
peace groups.”
A small Grinnell continuing led by
Greg Robinson also demonstrated a-
s R I N N E L L
s T u D E N r 5
AND FACULTY
announced for
a large part at
the 400 people
who matched
in Der points
Saturday in
protest at the
war, The march
went through
downtown Der
points a n d
ended with a
n u m b e r at
speeches on the
capitol steps.
Hecklerr appeared along
the m a r e h
route: x o m .
carrying sign.
each a! "Free
9 a 5
matches
peace creek
Larry Frank. a
Grinnell r t o.
sent. was hit
in the mouth by
a p r o . w a r
hecklsr and is
planning t a
press charger
against t h a
man. '
gained the march, but this group was
overshadowed by the more extreme
and more vocal American Constitution
Party representatives.
The peace demonstration themselves,
most of them conservatively dressed to
avoid any “happy” associations, remained, with a few exceptions, about
from the hecklersl
Aside from the pro and anti fiction:
of partners, new others were present
at either the rally or the march. Comments from occasional firewall spectators ranked from enthusiastic approval
to complete conservation of the modification effort An elderly man fully
supported the demonstration, saying,
“I'm against war because war is bad.
and I’m against anything that’s bad,u
Another man rejected to the march,
stating that it was “topless" because
“every generation has its war." Most
See DES MOINES on Page 12
Student assembled;
to press charges
By John diane
A Grinnell student encountered didﬁmulti not only from hecklers, but also
from policemen and people showing
budget at the Des points demonstration against the War in Vietnam Saturday, April 15.
Lawrence Frank. a freshman, stated:
“A boy, I guess he was 16 or 17, came
up and said, ‘Dn you pay taxes in
iowa? if you don’t pay taxes, why
don't you get out at here,’ Then he
See ASSAULT on 'Page 12
[note In Lu butt
 
Page Two
Editorials . . .
projects — but only more war
The recent peace concentrations in Des points, New York
and other parts of the country have been overshadowed by the
booking of Haiphong and the prospects for a continuing escape—
tion of the Vietnam war. Most Americans did not need the words
of an anonymous military official who said the Haiphong attack
was a “tremendously important intensification of the air war"
1(quoted from the Des joined Register, April 21), As the war grows
in seriousness and the numbers of warranties mount (this year probably more American soldiers will he killed than during the peak
of the Korean War) the possibilities for peace seem very dim,
Most Americans still go along with the war effort and Congress
in as willing as ever to provide the millions of dollars needed to
continue the conflict. Yet, as the recent concentrations indicate,
more and more Americans are willing to take some positive nation
to protest of the war. We were greatly encouraged by the number of students (and even some faculty members) who went to the
Des joined march. While it may be effectively argued that protest:
"don't do any good" it may also be argued that larger and mom
military projects might cause some federation of the Johnson
policy. And it is also probably true that active responsible protest
is the only means of effective expression left open to those opposed
to the war effort and the current direction of American foreign
policy it is easy to despite of the present situation, but a moral
commitment to peace processes giving up protest and building
to those in power.
— K. N.
The ”Riot” — only oi simpson
The excessive drinking and property destruction which occur
on “Spring Riot" night are symptoms of a Grinnell social problem
which drivers only in degree and not in kind from the usual. The
administration‘s decision to english the “Riot” may indeed be sustained by the very intensity of these symptoms, but fails to come to
trips with the problems which are not peculiar to that night and
were, in fact, less severe in this year’l "Riot" than in previous
years!
"Riot” night was only one additional indication that Grinnell
men and women do not lmow how to meet and enjoy one another
when the social communities are removed. Instead, as on this Spring
night, they drink exclusively and wonder formerly around the campus waiting for a seasonal miracle to sweet them off their feet
Grinnell is a difficult place for many people to meet members
or the opposite set. The physical separation of the computer. along
with the separate dining rooms, force them to rely on communities.
In a school this small it should be simple and natural for men and
women to meet manually. While the elimination of women’s hours
and holiday the extension or form limitations may holiday ease
this situation, they cannon remove the obstacle presented by sets
relation of men and women in opposite ends of the campus
Because of our fear of happening with North Campus traditions
and because of the incidence of joint dining facilities, we have too
long contained the issue of integration of the computer. This is
perhaps the single most important issue to raise in the search
for a real Grinnell community — M. M.
“Four-letter“ words
Last week Th 11W printed the word “shit" when hunting
the former iowa State University student body evident. The year
before last when the student newspaper printed a "fotmletler"
word the publication Committee [inherited Editor John Wolf
tom ever doing Io again. We were headlines this year. therefore,
to luiow that the present Committee realized that accurate re—
posting sometimes necessitates the pricing of . “fourvletter” words
——K. N.
The Grinnell Reporter
(formerly the charles i! Block)
Grinnell College
‘tiunll. Iowa calls
A weekly newspaper published eau Friday or
the college yclr by the Grinnell Committee on Stu-
BPS
Member of "I.
Colkqlch
Press Service
aaron ,,
nusmcss tumour
mucous. can A
non: E11111)! _
runs rnomonarnn
con EDITOI .
SCIENCE consunrnur _— _ Joh- Wolf
Immune ours 7- runs. m, l.- Elk, A-‘y dsl-cl.
he calm, Mary Ideal-n. no. mar, uni. noon-i,
lt-vo will-n. nil Guy. run nu
sent submissions.
Represented for national silver.
rising by
.iioriul advertising service. lllc., college
Publish nepnsentative, it as: both street. New
York 22. .v. Second class porn-u paid ll Grinnell.
bowl. subscription rm ratio per school rm. ratio
wild subscriptions.
nrynvu Noun-n
nu.- mil
tin-old rm. rtolllr win-lo
or m Ilm Sch-rim:
"— Imv ml
im x-user
- n Sub-mi
TECHNICAL lurnvrso- ______._snmy witch-
The Grinnell REPORTER
ssivrdny, Apr" 12. m7
Eastmanmiiyivillucalion l
By George eastern
(Education)
Education is not according. The latter is what
almost all students acquire in public elementary
and secondary schools. it consists of requiring
intervention that remains external to the pulse
of feeling, thinking, and experiencing that marks
the real life of the learned. To be schooled means
to be able to recipe names, dates, and events in
history but to be interactive to their significance
for one’c personal life and the contemporary
scene; or in be able to distinction among hedonistic. utilization, criticism Ethical theories but
'0 be interactive to the reasons for and certification of one! own behavior.
The process of according sends to be based
upon assumptions, generally explicit, regarding
the nature of the learned, the subject»matter, the
teacher, and the school. The learned is an creature person who needs to be “completed." His
proper place is to absorb what is extended to
him from without. Learning consists mainly at
passive. but hopefully efficient, absorption of
ready-made facts. At best the learned might be
an appreciate — an imitator of the master — at
worst a compliant spouse.
Subject matter is assumed to be respective of
an underlying reality structure independent or
time and place. Continuities in the development
of human life are arrested, discontinuities ignored
or unlimited. The present is largely a new expression of old trucks, The teacher is the price<
level repository of these unchanging trucks, His
training and status establish him as the chief
given of information and passed of judgment. l-air
task is to begin with a partially filled acceptable
and to end with having added to it appreciated.
The school is a systematic means of ensuring
cultural continuity and compliance with the familiar, tried, and tale. Its function is to incorporate: to fill-up the learned with the current values,
conceptual categories, facts, and attitudes.
The process of according produces a person in
us. culture who processes a body oi received
information at best tangential to the pulse of his
real life, who is driven by compromise competitiveness and magnetic acquisitiveness, and who is
shipped by an acute sense of dissonance between
the requirements of concerning to a tackedon
infrastructure of behavior and values and the de
hands of genuine experiencing. To be schooled
may, at best, mean that one is ready to be edt—
rated, at worst, that one has been handicapped.
The process of education is also based upon
generally explicit amumptlons. The learned is s
person in transit. as complete at any moment I:
he can be, c dynamic, acting agent who structures his world in the very process of processing
in Learning consists of I vital [rindic interaction
among learned, subject, and teacher. It is an active process of discovering and relating, particularly of relating received instructions to men
but-sense of reality. The learned is an active,
requiring agent, performer and specialty at once,
partner in the Continuous process of collecting
external and internal qualities.
Subject matter is relative to the perceived.
to time, place, to context. readings ate relative
to conceptualrlinguistic trademarks that may or
may not — 8 matter to be individually determined _ themselves be posted in "fundamenml,"
“universal,” “unchanging trucks." Knowledge is
continuously restrictions, progressively by each
generation, dramatically in response to plastic
change. The present is a particle of the novel,
the worn, the assure, the beautiful, the erroneous,
the arabic, and has sign' icanoe for the educated
person in direct proportion to the extent to which
be has made the present part of his genuine experiencing.
The teacher is in a colors, one of I region an
timely but alternatively seeking to know and to
experience the world. The teacher seeking to execute is first of all caught-up in the continuoutask being himself educated. He, too. is I person
in transit and, depending upon his river“, and the
conditions of the teaching setting, may be learn-
ing more than he is teaching. Teaching is a cooperative venture to which both learned and
teacher contribute in an attempt lo share internal qualities and to relate these to the "outer"
world with which they are in the process of interesting. The school is an instrument through
which the human being is both added in incorporating the conceptual categories, values, and
attitudes of his own and other cultures. and in
scrutinizing these originally in the light of his
developing sense of reality, truth, and cordless
The school is, therefore, no more a presented of
the past than a survivor of the fotos. it is an
instrument for establishing and purchasing I
process of critical, active experiencing, the outcome of which cannon, Ind ought not to be, predetermined.
The educated man knows himself, and through
this, knows covers; is dramatically sensitive to
those immediately around him, and, by enter—
sign, to all banking; whose knowledge is a genuine part oi his ongoing, real life; who has answered the basic techniques for requiring and
processing information in an era of information
explosion; and who, above all, realized he is A
person forever in the process of becoming.
What of Grinnell College? If one holds that
Grinnell freshmen have yet to be educated, may
be handicapped by their prior according, and that
being educated is a continuous task extending
throughout line’s life, the College has two main
tasks: remedies and preparation.
it is unlikely that “New Student Days" at any
limited period preceding freshman year is adequate to remedy the defects of according or even
to alert students to the difference between being
educated and schooled. The General Education
program might be viewed as a type of crash program that'could assist the student in making the
condition out of according to Education. But.do
the Historical Studies, Humanities, Foreign park
guide, Science, Fine Arts requirements do this?
Or do these courses largely give more of the
same — more according; or conduct the issue by
serving up both in an explained misalliallce? Do
the General Education courses stress education
as a preparation for a life-long process of critical
and passionate experiencing? is taking forty-plus
hours in one's major or focusing upon graduate
work and advanced degrees more conducted to a
according or to an education attitude? How is the
leather viewed at Grinnell — passive recipient,
Ipprenﬁoe, imitator of the learned master? is
it conducted to being educated to feel that one'l
task is basically to bishop on intellectual-Cultural
fare made available It s predetermined rate in
n master-Ipprcntfce context; or might not s relationship of shared, archive january into
matters that multi a personal difference to both
teacher and learned be more conducted In lchiev<
ing education for Ill concerned? Will one who
view- himself Is I passive receiver or previously
established trucks known best by u privileges
class be prepared to enter upon the life-long
process of becoming educated?
L! the altered nature of knowledge reflected
in department and division structures, in course
offerings, and in staffing policies of the College?
And how does Grinnell view itself as a school?
is it an instrument through which students and
faculty are added in the continuous process of
coming to know themselves and the world, or is
it mainly preoccupied with perpetuating a learned
class, learned provisions, operators of the masters? How often do the rewards go to the schooled
rather than to the educated? High grade point
average may represent awareness at according,
but is it an indication of having been educated?
Still, there are students who leave Grinnell
more educated than schooled; but is this the
rule, and, when achieved, the full of sellconscious planning? There are outcroppings of education at Grinnell that occur with it frequency
sufficient to recommend it as an institution generally striking to execute; but these outcroppingc
project horn a plain or according that friendly
needs wedding if such outcmppingii are not to in
covered like some lost temple.
 
April If, H"
The .flﬂﬂ ll REPORTER -
President approved proposal to eliminate
Leggen on education
Ed. Noleil
This space, alongside the
essay by George eastern (eds
station), hits been reserved lot
President Glenn suggest since
before Spring Vacation. After
hearing President suggest at
ten advocate I “master-maps
practice” philosophy oi educa—
tion, we Asked him to define
this concept to students in an
essay for The Reporter. At the
same time, in the interest of
debate, we Asked Mr. eastern
it he would prepare an essay
on s iundamentally different
educational philosophy — that
philosophy which says that “we
are all learners together."
Though President suggest
worked on the essay (or several
weeks and promised to submit
it before leaving on vacation,
he embedded on his trip thin
week leaving word through
Presidendsl Assistant HenryYork cleaner that he could not
meet his commitment, According to Mr. shelter, President
suggest had decided that his
Letters . . . .
"Fun' 1 ”It rim
To the Editor:
Sotlte weeks ago, one oi us charged
in these pages that “North campus is
a spurious community.” The events
which we witnesses during “Spring
dial" only confirm this observation.
Going to David's room in Cowles other
dinner, we were constantly expressed,
(commander with water millions) and
virtually driven from the hall, (In the
process, the room was invited by force,
while Adrienne was later grades by an
egg thrown at her inside the ladies'
restrict). Three students share prime
responsibility for the whole series oi
incidents: Jim Stewart ("E-grow"), .line
Drasdo (“Flush), and Ken sherman.
The trouble began as soon as we
entered the room. before David could
secure the door, “Flush" had pushed
himself partial through, water balloon
in hand. By a combination oi showing
and caioicry, Drasdo was tried back
into the railway, so the door could be
locked. He then walked through the
classroom door to the outside root. and
tried lo re-filter the room through line
window, At this point David asked him
not to april other people’s fun — to
let them have a good time. Instead, a
crowd gathered, reporting counts from
the outside,
it quickly became apparent that we
needed paper cups, and David also
wishes to buy some cigarettes. meaning
out for the Forum to pick mom up,
he received near missed from water
millions, aimed on the root. Upon returning from the expand, he had Adrienne let him in, sites which site went
to sit down. immediately live or six
guys, led by mailman and supported
by “grow,” forced their way into the
room. despite the efforts oi both Ad
menus and David to resist them at
the door. shorts went up. “Party in
bat's room," “Free books!" This re4
mark referred to a pink oi houston
which has been given to Adrienne for
tier twcntyiirst birthday. Meanwhile,
tour man stood outside the window with
millions, as a stream oi people pushed
through the door. Ken daily asked,
"Do you mind it We use your room as
a passageway?" Following his suites»
tion, the crowd slowly miller their way
to the window and dressed over to the
1 As “Flush" was among the last
rc, David finally shorter to him
in era duration, “Get the luck out oi
beast" explaining to Adrienne, he
discussion or educational philosophy would be too “specifically deﬁnative," would “close
debate."
Earlier this year, during The
cheers membership controversy,
the student newspaper Asked
Mr. suggest to express his
views on membership in an srtl~
(:19 N be published in the paper. After making several Its
temple to write the article and
alter having several discussions
with newspaper small members and others on the subject,
Mr, suggest requested that he
would rather discuss ensure
ship directly with the senate
than write In article. The
newspaper not: agreed to this
plan; the senate discussion
was supposed to take place in
the near future, it has yet to
take place.
President suggest has an obligation to discuss the issues
that are fundamental to opera—
tion or an educational institution. president suggest, when
will you respond?
noted that “this it the only way to
communicate with those people.” And
then s parking shot: science was
nearly hit with a water balloon thrown
through the window. when the blood
began to outside, we locked the door
and windows, expertise to have a drink
and enjoy a smoke. Before we could
begin, a mixture oi water and beer
showed into the room from a waste
basket which had been filled and then
overturned outside the door.
Upon discovering that the cigarettes
purchased earlier had been stolen,
David decided to go get another pack.
Starting out for the Forum a second
time. he was again struck with a balloon. Adrienne, remaining behind,
heard such calls as “There goes Dave
wilson down the states," “Is Dave in
thercz", ”Is But in there?" “Hey,
Dave, i want to ask you some questions." after coming back, we were
able to keep everyone out, but not to
avoid the noise and disturbance.
About 7: 5, we decided that it we
were to enjoy the rest of the evening.
we would have to leave, We made careful plans, Adrienne, with the houston
concerned in her purse, was to harry
to the restrict on first ﬂfor and wait
for David there, She did this, with David following perhaps two minutes
later. l-lit with two more millions on
the way downstairs, he was controlled
with yet another garbage from Stewart
and sherman after reaching the
groundsﬂfor lounge. In fact, two of tire
millions shot by Ken responded icons
his body and fell to the floor without
breaking. commentary that “the water
millions sure hurt" David tried to draw
the two men away from the hall door,
so that Adrienne could leave the restrict, “grow" remained that it the
millions did not hurt. he would go get
an egg, and added that Adrienne had
already been hit with one. When the
coast seemed to be c ar, David called.
“Let's go, Adrienn We both pushed
for the door, being just missed by yet
another balloon as we walked into the
logged. after getting outside the door,
Adrienne described how one of the applicants in the lounge had entered the
restrict and posted an egg at her.
linking our way to South Campus, we
were finally able to enjoy the evening.
We are not briefly concerned here
with the conduct of Slewal‘t, Dl‘asdo,
and Adolmnii. They are first Victims,
than contributor to a declrsct pathology. But the burden which they have
imposed all other: for Hire years i’er
ﬂsets a flat in the residential syslelll
Women's hours regulations by next fall
Statement from runs‘ Office
The Faculty Committee on Student
Affairs, working with the student means,
proposed to the President that warm
en's hours no longer be regulated, on
a coilegewide basis, at Grinnell. Thu
President, after necessary consultation
with the Trustees. has approved the
proposal which will become effective
u oi the fall term 1961.
This approval tests on the belief that
my regulation or college women’s
hours. either by the College or by the
individual, is a matter of security rate<
er than mobility and that reasonable security can be assured within the women's references without the necessity of
the College maintaining an arbitrary
“hours" system,
The College is Aware significant
changes have occurred over the years
in attitudes And practice which affect
— a posted indiiisrenoe to personal
relationships. Until Grinnell is ready
to set its house in order, its internet»
ttul limitations remain e magic dell—
tion.
Adrienne Lomonl
David mm.
M, not .
wilson hu pressed cancel unit!“
the three Cowlel man. The use will
be tried nude! in the Interim
Conn.
Mme plants [WITH
1e the Editor:
Typical ot us stodgy, over-30 types,
1 was sorry to see the name oi our
great college paper changed reference
for tradition was part oi this degree
but 1 also text the title was s rather accurate description oi the content. Certainly the picture painted week acer
week is “black" enough, and certain
corporations of “started" seem approximate (although the idea oi The Yet.
low and Black does spring to mind).
But i was unprepared im- the ilicreds
able gradeschoolish capacity oi the
title chosen. Still, 1 did hope that, as
promised, we would now get reporting
on principal. Imagine my surprise, then,
on finding most oi the important space
in the April 14 issue given over to
Donald s its, Henry Wilhelm, and
.john Fill los’ impression ot Friends
World institute.
0t course the Smith paper is inter.
eating copy and I certainly — vital}
music 7 enjoy participating in ill.
william's reserved recognition as the
fine photographer he is. Since the
FWI is one oi the qualities my wide
and i have contributed to in the past
two years, stories on it have a certain
nearest. But none ot this is really
“Grinnell reporting.” 0h, 1 know Mr.
plain had a try at relating Donald
Smith to Grinnell in a rather drive
elite~'al but this was not very con.
finding, (In fact, it his is what Mr.
plain has gotten from his political
science major, time is related to sun«
best that he ought to ask for his money
back)
Aha, you will say, “Mr, Out” has
missed the whole points These articles
are directly related to Grinnell. The
Wilhelm piece demands us that the college does not produce people oi real
talent and throws out those who have
it anyway. The Smith piece demonstrates that the lack oi such a preparation at Grinnell shows how homeless
we are and, at the same time, that the
iii-yes now alter Smith are the same
kind which control students—in league
Win the administration — at Grinnell.
The Full story is really to he read as
a appreciation oi all that Griliriell does
and stands for.
Okay, but the demands on one's apollo
its for statistical exegesis which is
needed to relate these stories directly
to Crrlilllcll is severe. Couldn't the editors have done the job more simply?
\acre there no faculty members to be
inicrviowedi No statements lib means
to be porn out ot context and misconstrued? N0 articulate Slldcllts to call]mcut potentially on the ivittcmicss of it
the social regulation of college women.
These changes have been reﬂenter in
I grammar relaxation of time limits imposed on women students. It has there.
more become increasingly difficult to
justify regulation oi women's courses
neither contemporary parental practices nor educational philosophy sends to
support such regulation.
For instance, how a student uses hi!
or her time clearly has an either on the
individuals academic success and st»
dial life, but this effect varies with the
person, the time, and the place, From
en academic point oi view it seems
likely that sell-regulation, necessitating
the development or sell-discipline and
sensitivity to priorities and proportion,
has a former educational multiﬁnation
than an arbitrary system or hours.
Seltrregtilation or women's hours will
apply without regard to parental permission. The responsibility must rest
with the individual student and with her
parents in their normal family tel»
township.
To enable the College to assist the
student in case or emergency all student will be strongly advised to use
sigiwut forms (or outotrtown trips or
overnight Absence from the campus.
Though the College actions that basic
responsibility for himself tests with the
individual student, it will provide exciting end orientation oi freshmen
which will expensive the practical necessity oi an intelligent use or time and
freedom. Beginning with New Student
Days and continuing through the first
semester, this program will be cdna
fucked by the Student means, the real.
sent mail advisors, and upperclassnien.
Ten elected trials
Ten junior men have been elected to
trials, the men’s senior honor society.
01d members selected the new prior:
on the merit or their intellectual
achievement (a 3,25 cumulative grade
average) and their interest and contributions in school affairs. Richard
Heilbmn. president 1966-1967. described
this last qualification as subjective; it involves both an active and curious hotels
left, and the evaluation the current
members make of each candidate’l
value [a the college community. The
trials are primarily an honor group,
but because of the nature of their else.
tion they are interested in performing
some services for the college’s internet<
dual life.
Those elected for 196771968 are; Ray
Horn (president), Ron Cngswell, Dale
Dreyiuss, William Fligeltaub, Russell
iieuckendori, Roger May, Guillermo
vendors, Richard regime, and John
files.
111? No uneniorced safety regulations
to be revealed? No administrative proposals that reveal newer and parker
thread to community lines Well, one
can’t have it all his own way, but for
the wider community who, because oi
information ot vision, per~ceptioii and
age, have trouble “tuning in," a slight
conversion to our obtuseness would be
welcomed.
James pages
(political science)
ED, NOTE:
We would like to thank the Pro.
lesson islamic for his thoughtful
suggestions on way to improve The
reporter and for his estate aiisly.
his oi the last issue. We are headlines that finally a faculty member
took the time to not merely completely concern the paper but to
do it iiisuch a lucia writing style.
Our only degree is that such a neucoustructive outburst guide icons
Professor yahoo — we sort oi like
him you know; he inn't all bad.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
m: DANCERS anouem SUPPLIES or mean along Wm. mm to {he
party in CowJes Hall lounge. A "now party was held in a men‘s hall.
Some “men“ "passed om" from 000 much ce‘ebraﬁon. In many re-
.spaces me Tuesday “roof” did m mar treaty from typical Ncrlh
Campus weekend drunken mm
son: counts room ADVANTAGE of "Rio!” nigm rule relateﬁon h:
email smell o; a rare moms of privacy during ”illegal vIsIfafiom."
Alﬂtough {he ﬂudenf planning commerce ‘or due social acﬁviﬁex 0‘ H1:
:Rid" requested called. landﬁon 0‘ "open forms”. formation wal nba.
GRINNELL STUDENTS CELEBRATED initially mild
"life: of spring" this week The emotional ”Spring
Rm" caused minor property damage as compared +0
previous spring intervals bu? tuesday nigm" dance m
the music or "The brothers" carried the spirit‘ of wild,
drunken brandon charmsrmi: of paxf "dial"
ﬁ?
; A? ,
TRADITIONALLY RULES GO UNENFORCED on "Rm" nigm; house
president are kidnaped and means look due my way. Men and women
use +119 opportunity to venture to m opposite campus and visit in each
other's forms.
Even though mod :qu Wm unenforced, dudenl‘ house president pa—
mood we campus preventing violent. and project damage. The means,
however, board Ikepﬁcalls upon a albumﬁon which m m or Meir
ham .nd H.- and day mud that cum 1,,ng "celebrayionw uf m:-
nor! would in .bolivia. photographer by Krystyna Neuma.
 
saturday, April 22, m1
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Page Fivo
 
Paul boolean attacks ‘great society'
By nancy balloon
handling himself a playlist and code
munich searching, social crisis Paul
boolean told I Grinneil audience, via
tekphonic airfare Wednesday afternoon, it is somewhat arrogant to term
any society “Great" that would ultimately have to pension off over half
its members to achieve this objective.
boolean is a playwright, novelist,
artificial christopher lot the free
speech movement, and the author or
communities.
boolean pointed out that his brand of
community searching does not deny that
man is comments, but does see many or
his present institutions as often generating
him from himself. His ideal community
is one or unity oi purpose and effect,
where “a premium is placed on technical improvement. . .where workers are
technically educated and have a say
in management. Where no one drops
out of society and there is mobility between classes. Where the community is
planned as a whole with an organic
integration or work, living and play.
Where production is primarily for use. .
Where people are not afraid to make
friends. Where sexuality is taken for
granted and where education is con—
corner with filtering human powers as
they develop in the growing child.”
in a manner that details c. Wright
Mills, he blades dominant power structure for the difficulties of ownership in
a decent society. The military and industrial complex thinks only in terms
of Gross National Product and Mr.
boolean questions whether what is
good for GNP is necessarily good for
America. For example. he estimates by
1935 an adequate number of cars were
present in this country, but the numbers have needlessly increased to the
determine of the city, the countryside
and the living standard at many Amen
icons. boolean also questions the san-
NOTICE
Grinnell College — I966
(the cycling)
is now at the printers.
Those who have not yet
purchased a (copy will
have an opportunity to
do so in lunch lines next
week. A well - photographer and hard - hitting «my on Grinnell
life — worth buying.
Price: still only $7.00
its or having hall or all investment
since 1948 in military areas.
Our lives are becoming more and
more registered, claims boolean, and
education is his prime example of this.
Early and continuous pressure for
preparation for high school and college is on an accelerating scale. Good<
man would like everyone to have at
least two years outside of school before entering college. “Most oi the
brighton people would be better outside
the ‘babysitting’ or college
boolean’s major criticism or the
Great Society is that in order to be
great it must eliminate more than half
of that society. He said the old and
young as well as many of the minority
groups have been either mentioned oil
or otherwise eliminated learn legitimate
participation in our society,
In order to get this half back in
society boolean allocated mass pro—
test. ln the conflict between corporate
interest and the will at the people.
boolean sees this method the must effective. He points to its increasing use
in areas ranging from action against
recalcitrant school boards to super
markets.
Part at the cure that boolean proposed is a diversilicatton or the economy not only in types oi products and
services offered but also in the style at
their production. Corporation c o n t r at
should be modified so that everyone,
including the individual craftsman, has
all equal opportunity. He also suggests
that living conditions as a whole should
begin this diversification. We are faced
with a present situation that is exclusively organized. Urban costs increase
geometrically with population increases.
This affects the moral and synthetic
state or a society. Rural living should
be subsidiary to make it as attractive
as the city. boolean points out the
amount paid for public housing in cities
far extends that needed for his rural
project.
boolean closed his remarks by saying he would be in favor ot a moderate
form at world government that would
be kept {mm the expenses or present
nation states. He suggested the United
Nations Still provides the most effective means for creating this world got<
evident.
} Phi sales
(Continued from Page a)
erlul means of ‘generating’ its students
toward the commitments expected at
them. It i may express the matter symbollcally: let the college in its seal de<
place itself for ‘truth’ and ‘community'."
ii small liberal arts colleges are to
survive and blend their realistic dates,
they must attack truth and humanity.
Dean minus: miller the priorities that ho
felt Grinnell must establish to survive:
“adequate faculty salaries and adequate
support or the professional lilo oi the
faculty, instruction department aim
compatible with the large demand: on
time and energy, scholarshiporicnted
teaching, curriculum provision for
} Assault
(Continued :porn Page 12)
really did not expect him to show up
at the police station, and in fact he did
not show up there,” he said.
Frank continued that an official
at the police station said it might be a
deputy badge given out a time a dozen
to certain people with jobs in the police
department. He said it really meant
nothing.
Frank headphones the folk County attorney's office on Monday. He spoke to
a man named Bergeson. He said “The
large responsibility oi students for their
own education, and an exciting internet—
dual climate."
He also included as trio les the appropriate distribution of finances within
the institution and a listening ol river
summary organization “The problems or
divisionary organization reset adminisA
archive affairs, faculty affairs, and student affairs, At the present time, mesa
problems reflect president ideas and
ideals of ‘community' and of ‘student
involvement,’ both of which are relevant
to the welfare of the survivors college. . .
If we stick to the charitable facts we
should be talking about the college in
terms of a ‘pluralism or communities
in appropriate coordination, rather than
in terms of ‘the community’. . . Let us
be aware . . . that the nerve centers of
the college in its main educational bush
news are the teachers individually and
the academic departments, not faculty
committees or ‘the administration.’ Let
us be aware, too, that students speaking
{or students in education decision-making
would not be equivalent to speaking
competition for them. It the student is
an expert in his view or the learning
situation, and I think his is, it is an
especially cingular matter."
year-round
Service see . . .
GOLLIIM’S
attorney told mo unless I had Lilo
name oi my assistant I could take no
action and even went so tar as to say
no action could be taken in order to
get his name from the individual who
picked him up."
Frank was later told this was not correct by Val Schoenberg, a Des points
attorney. He has written that bed
points chief of [Solids and went there
to speak with the Iowa Civil libraries
Union.
C. admin Gilmour (political science)
said of the case: “I am a member of the
board of the Iowa Civil libraries Union.
I intend to take What Frank told me to
the board Saturday. It the board decided
there is a case, we will help all we can."
Air bond new
SERVING H KINDS OF
PIZZA
HOURS
Man. "I". Sat —
‘ p.m. to I .
Sun. — 4 let to M lghr
FREE DELIVERY
TO rooms
SPECIAL
Ssnghsza’m 5 pm. to 9 on.
Garlic thread 3‘25
Coffee
2 Free repair
wars Each Large rim
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
wsnnssoav ONLY
Salad
Monday Only
PHONE 235-5331
921 Broad _ Grinnell
We make
delicious
-._
EM /
million
Wahmhmpeopl-uy.inn
our competing. "'I in! that our
product II so good. You know VIM
we mean. If somebody also had
our recipe and we had their:
we'd dry tool
This Weekend
NEED CANVAS SHOES?
Men's sonic
oxronos W" “3"9 3350
If SLIP-ON styles
Women's Contra $250
parents' . w. 32”" "5'
' ‘ All‘ Color: Size: 4‘/z‘lo 9 ’
Penney!
ALWAVB Floor uuAurv
Allrvano's Pizza
Free Delivery 235-6222
5“,:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
is
THE PARADE ROUTE well {ram a gathering point’ in Central Park its file
Fine in lrcn’: of the united nations building. New York police estimated llioi
there were about‘lZSﬂOO person: in lilo U.N. Plaza ai any given lime and
march oﬁicialx claimed that between 300‘000 and 400.000 people participated
in ill. demonstration.
    
Photegruplmd by Henry Wilhelm
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ie’tnum War wrote
N.Y. march links peace
and civil rights groups
By Richard Schnelriw
NEW YORK, April 15 — Last Saturday’s New York peace march spectacularly marked the linking or the civil
rights movement to the peace move
ment. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of
SCLC; closely Carmichael of SNCC; and
Floyd McKissick [if CORE all spoke from
the same platform calling for an end
to the war in Vietnam.
Dr. King, key speaker at the rally
and now the main spokesman for both
the evil rights and the peace mnvemerits declared, “The war has diversity attention from civil rights, The
Great Society has been shot down on
the battlefields of Vietnam. . .I would
like to see the server nf the civil rights
movement issued into the peace movement. 1 think that everybody has the
 
duty to be in both the civil
peace movements."
The peace march, email
like at. 125,000, was Organi
Spring civilization to End
diet nam. The idea for the
originally with the late Rev
te who was looking for a
solve the many antique
single mass demonstration.
level, aid to Dr. King’s sc
agreed to serve as national c
As the campaign for th
demonstration gathered
various radical groups uni
ing columnists, searching,
yes, and artists. Thls cars
business among the mo.
group such as Women strip
but only the National Com
SANE Nuclear Policy [0
drew its support.
The modification soon gay
port of civil fighters as
sized the great burden t
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COLLEGE s'ruDENTS A N D
F A c u L 1 Y
were the largest group real
reserved in ﬁle
march. M . n y
+ r a v e l at] lo
New York car
me event lmm
colleges 3 l I
over Hle east.
am pm of {he
country. There
w e r e a I s o
countries other
o r g anlzallons
and groups in
he march, including disable
groups of New
York ally welfare workers,
public school
teachers. doc-
loss and nurses‘
_, p s y chologlsls,
returned Peace
Corps volunteers. teachers. an labor
union member‘s
in New York
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ts and bearing in the war avon. level also
stated, "Whne Americans are not going
y po- to deal la the problems of the colored
by the people when they're determination 3
ar ln whole nation of colored people.”
station Dr. King first joined me peace move-
. bus— ment in chicago March 24. In both has
to in. Chicago and New park speeches, he
in a called for me stopping of the booking
'areas of Vietnam as an immediate step program, ward negonanons. In a “Face the Na«
an. tion" relevant last. saturday he tried a
H] 15 unllateral leaseﬁre and a retreat to en-
cum places ll necessary. Though King’s view
includ- of the war was unduublenlly the major
otsky'l- its’s al the peace march, there were
me un- other vlewpomts.
female closely Carmichael, a d V o c at e of
Peace, black power, called the war in Vietnam
for a a “racing" war. “When the colored
with- peoples of the world look at this war
they see only one thing: the United States ‘
he sun- all'learn in Vietnam represents antenna— A "FILM-IN" AND DISCUSSION of the war wax large turn-out in New York h) ball increased conempha- signal white secretary." Carmichael held at sale university ln New Haven Hm night [19- earn over ”In estimation of lb. war and lo mar. in-
wal called for immediate withdrawaL {on eh. march. March leads unlimited lha my limit. :{fcrh lo organic. people agsiml lh. war.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Eight
The Srlnnall REPORTER
Saturday, April 22. no!
 
} New York
(Continued {mm Page 1)
the usual medal hanging in front,
many more yellow daitodilsr
The march was soon joined by a
number at “floors." One convicted of
three, huge, producing skeletons. On
another was written the words, “This
Is the portrait of people who let women
And children be turned,” The portrait
was a mirror.
In a truck with loudspeakers folklinger Pete seeker led about 100 young
children singing peace songs. A sign
on the truck said, “Children are not for
burning."
Though there were a large number at
older people, the majority or the partners were of college age, So were the
pro-war processors A group or about lilo
transfers, members or the Neo-Nazi
American Renaissance Party, ranked
up and down the sidewalks shooting results at the partners, and “Better
dead than Red." They all carried American flags. Their leader, who was
carried in the air, more an American
flag in place at a shirt.
Many of the peace demonstration
carried signs as they matched—some
printed, some original — “Slop the
combine," “Bring Home the Troops—
Now," “War Veterans for Peace,” No
More Veterans," “LBJ (limited Vietnamese History," “Black People, so percent Dead — 2 per cent of the Bread,
“Nu Vietnamese Ever Called me bigger," “Burn Pot, not People," ”Love
No ” “pipe Out Poverty Not Petr
pie," Bobby (Kennedy) Would Try,"
“Be," “The First manually of War is
,Truth.“
Though most of the partners walked
recently, a highly vocal minority chart-
SHAMPOO
Head & providers
lonely Sin Tub.
ﬂ.“ Vdin 93’
SECRET
Aerosol Deodorant
ﬂ." main 77¢
LISTERINE
14 0: Sin
‘1 09 Value 69‘
KODAK
ed elegant and song songs. The favorite slovak was “PeaceNow,” repeated
over and over again. When the proper
demonstration seller from the firewall,
the partners dropped them out with
this my
Some of the more president charts
were: “Hey, hey LBJ, how many kids
did you kill today; ” “l, 2, 3, 4, 5- bring
the troops horny alive," and “Hell no,
we won’t go.”
When the march passed the arch-process of New York, the cry wan
raised, “terminal Spellman, stop bless<
log boobs," Spellman had previously
endorsed the war in Vietnam.
There was no major violence during
the march. though there were a cum<
her of minor incidents. As the partners
passed down Park Avenue, paint and
bags of plastic were thrown down team
subscribers. No one was seriously hurt.
Later, eggs were thrown at the partners.
Prowar spectators on the sidewalks
decided the partners as they passed
by. The comments ranked: “visitors,"
“domains,” “buyers," “Kill em with
a machine gun.”
Late in the march, a continuing of
harley degrees including Floyd McKisSick 0! CORE, broke down police territories and left the march, shooting elegant and discussing traffic.
Probably the most constitutes people at the march were who nipples.
Foreign Student's Fund
Charles Pierce, 1966-1967 chairman of
the Foreign Students' Board, announced
a net balance of over $7,000 in their fund.
This money, coming from pop machine
proﬁts, will be used for the support at
three or four students in the coming
year.
leave Hair Spray
49‘
Stick Deodorant
49‘
Polaroid Film
Black ‘r With.
Type ")7
$221
”1 Value
In main-
“Let the college in its seal
declare itself for ‘truth and humanity"
} nhl sites
(Continued from Page i)
glad, Jaimie seller, Richard Heilbron,
Kathy wagon, Kathleen seller, Steve
Kent, garcia erldeil, Susan lolita,
David Parks, Doug Pearson, Scott
paperback, Charles cornell, Margaret
Sharp, Steve thunder, Anna Spraguei,
laura stephen, Jan Thomas, picks marked, and Beth Whitmore.
The fall semester Sophomore Book
Award was awarded belatedly to klein
norm sticker
Dean Strauss, a 1936 Phi Beta happy
graduate or Grinnell, speaking to the
question “can the Liberal Arts College
Survive?”, discussed the ability or
small, private baccalaureate colleges to
maintain or high quality education, not
their ability to avoid extraction.
Stauss said that the most pressing
problem threatening the retention at
high quality education in the liberal arts
college is the realistic characterization or
its goals. it must be both a liberal arts
and a prcpmiessional college.
In the past, the emphasis on preprofessional training was not so great and
the demands were easily met. Presently,
the demands are vigorous and the pitialls oi the quality have become apply
ent. Dean states predicted that this
liability to cope with the quality would
eventually lead to “a pluralistic, spreading curriculum . . . a resistant theory
or pre-pmlesslonnl specialization without
a well-developed, liable materials of
what the college can do in this area
that the graduate school will not do, A
random reflect of patterns of under
graduate education in the major field,
and only models attention to . . . general
education in the arts and sciences; and
this models attention limited mainly to
the structure and content or the general
requirements for graduation." Thin
leads to a general education that produces intelligent amateurs, which falls
short u! the ideal “tree but responsible
mind.”
A truly liberal education emphasizes
three prime commitments of the indian<
dual: “to humans understanding, to informed and responsible citizenship, to
sophisticated entertainment or himself
and his friends." Proficiency toward ah
warning these commitments Is “an in.
responsible condition of survival: but
not a static condition, as the ideal is not
static. For let us recall, with Justice
Holmes, that ‘the present has a right
to modern itself so far as it can; and it
ought to be remembered that historic
continuity with the past Is not a duty,
It is only a necessity.’ . . r But the ‘lib‘
gel'al' college must do more: it must
speak to the mistress, freedom-conscious
member or man; to his master for human
density. freedom, and responsibility. It
must urge vital attention to the relevant
moral concerns and documents expressed by the ‘humans past' and the
‘climate present.‘ These, too, are now
Sec PHI BETES on Page 5
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
8I6 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
NOXZEMA
41lt
CLEARASIL
medium SI:-
44‘
SWINGER FILM
$141
75¢ Value
"chat
STORI
HOURSi
1 run. to 9 p.m. Friday
1 mm. to a pm. Mon.. Tues.
Wed Thu Sat.
SUPER STAINLESS
roulette Blades
15':
SI." Vdul blog
TONI
Home P ambient
fallen-
$3.50 Value $1“
WALL PLAQUES
HAND PAINTED
77"
From
CREST TOOTHPASTE
With Free footage Toy
Family Size
59‘
POLAROID CAMERA
Model 210
, $4557
INSTAMATIC FILM
no MM sn.
Black 8. White _________ “.57:
Color — l2 prints _______ ___97c
Color -— slides ,,,,,,,,,,,,, $lr5l
$47.95 Value 95d Value
 
Irlurdey. April 22. m7
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
.ID'S RESTAURANT
operated—at 922V: Main.
Glinneli
since DAY followed the Rich
classes were centered. a picnic
end other outdoor activities ieolr
place and students had time to
sleep off their daughters.
Pham hy Susan Kaeser
REPORTER BUSINESS MANAGER
Applications for business manager
or The Grinnell Reporter are due by
Monday, April 24. Letters of application should he addressed to ur. Benjamin F. Graham (biologyti chairman
of the Board of Publications. No special term is required. Fur runner info‘nation see Susan Will (Ext. 349 or
240).
iii tips in he notify
Social Events
Ray Still Will be guest artist for this
year’s final xerox quarter concert in
queens Theatre at s p.m. Mr. will
plays ﬁrss oboe for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. The quarter‘s violation, Paul perth, turns spanish for
graham‘s “quarter in A Major for claim and Strings.
annie coleman's band is performing
at Ex logo pay'elttis, the oil-campus coffee house, tonight and Mr. George
Young (Russian) will read poetry there
Tuesday night. The coffee house is open
from 8:30 p.111. until hours.
The Strand movie Special featuring
two Peter Sellers’ flickr, “link Pan—
they” and then “Shot in the Dark” begins at 3:50 pm. Saturday. Anyone presenting an activity ticket will he admit.
tell for kitty cents.
Songs ranging from spirituals, Simon
and Garlunkle and career shop harmony to Lehrer and Bmadway show tunes,
will be presented at the newsletters’
annual spring concert beginning at 10
pm. Saturday night in ARI-l.
“The address File," an English spy
movie starring Michael anime, is showing Sunday at 9 pm. in ARI-l.
1961 SUMMER JOB CATALOG
Start your career this iuninier with a
major u.s, corporation. Excellent releriri.
Catalog lists ever lo.ooo opening:
.vsilahl. THIS SUMMER (or men and
women students. Send $1.00 today to:
Amer. issn. at College Students. so
North capable, Chicago, illinois 50502.
Looking Ahead
Michael and trained seats, visiting
the United States from Ireland, are
coming to Grinnell next Friday, April
28. Michael seats, the son at the poet
William Butler seats. is a professional
music crisis and a senator in the Irish
Parliament. He will speak an the music
of the works at W. B. seats and his
wire, training seats, will present a concert of Irish folk tunes and seats' lyrics
set to music on the Irish hard in the
South Lounge.
Non-violence highlighted
The relevance of convenience as a
way oi lite and a means to promote
social change will be. highlighted at the
Midwestern Conference on convenience
scheduled for April 2&29 at the University at Iowa.
The program will feature Rev.
James level 0f the Southern Christian
Leadership conference and three other
authorities on aspects of non-violence.
Off-campus women played
All 24 women applicants for enormous housing next year have been given
the administration’s approval to make
the move, Because of a showcase of
space, the GMD male applicants on
file will have to Wait until this Summer for the administration’s decision.
Have you clone it yet?
There’s still time.
Do it before i’r’s too late.
Do if in the Spring.
The enol is in sight
Do it now, avoid the
May rush
GRINNELL’S SAFEST STORAGE VAULT
spring niot was
Grinnell College - 1966
One of the very few great college textbooks ever produced in this
1. It's Sol2. It's Convenient
3. N's ecological
Serving Both
North and South
Campus Agencin
l6all'lA':
CLEANERS ’
hungry. A wireless book — 514 superb photographs by John Phillips
and Henry michelle You will want I: own one. Price 57.00
 
The Brlnnell RRPORTER
a.
News Briefs
Writing awards
Poet Robert Huff and five faculty
members selected eleven Winners in the
connecticut for this year’s cleaner
Memorial Prizes for short fiction and
golden L. Whlicomb Prizes (or poetry.
First prize for short ﬁunion went to
Freshman sao Barensialn, with second
place going to Junior A. Jon regions.
Sophomore! Daniel Chciietz and blend
parent tied for first place in the poetry
awards and Freshman Lynn Adams
and Junior Paul Jones were named
third place winners. Senior penn Cook
and Sophomores Robert soon. Bruce
Grant, and Mary calcium received renewable menﬂom.
cayman’s Ilppml
Mioc- {or You
mi Hudqumm for a huge
Solution of Smart Sporhwur
Skim — Bloom —- flush
“one — Tops
ALI. IRAN! NAM“
In. .0- Mlm 01 valid.
In TH! WI Line
New You lily
’10.” II‘ ".9!
The Tusliesl
salaries
in Town!
portal board names eight
Eight junior women have been elected
to membership in portal Board, the
senior women’s academic honor society, for the 1967-68 yEnr.
Elizabeth Alexander was named president oi the group. The seven other:
are Janet Deyo, nudity Johnson, can—
cy finder, Cindy angel, Patricia hampton, Susan corner, and susan Will,
student art exhibit opens
Grillnell’s annual exhibition ol student an opened Thursday at the Scheab
for Gallery in the Fine Arts Center.
The exhibition. which includes draw.
legs, paintings, prints, dynamics. scale—
turns, and jewelry, continue: though
May 4.
Scheduled in conjunction with the exhibition is the selection at wings at
th. 1967 lnez merely memorial Prize for
painting and the Henry-York minor
Memorial union for create dirt.
BIG power shut all
An unknown person climate war a
protective win minor Friday night to
shut 0“ the power to the EEG building.
Evan H. garden, physical plant dirty—
for. believes till culprit entered to shut
oil the power to the anti" campus.
HI suspended only in turning 0“ till
power to the BitG building INCH.
Wuldon's primary concern was for the
safety of the polyester, n 4160 posts
are involved in the operation of the&G building alone. Neither 3&6
employees nor college operations were
inconvenienced,
We Have 72 Pairs of
PIERCED EARRINGS
Special 52.95 pr.
PIERCED EARRING BOX
will Hold Your Entire Collection
Only $3.00
KRAMER JEWELRY
MI .( Broad
For All Your
SMOKING
SUPPLIES
muscle Down To The
VARSITY
7| 7 Broad
l-Iurdsy, April 11. I967
Reporter Sports [
Balsmen win:
real Cornell 8-4
The Grinneli baseball team won in
first gains Tuesday, heating Cornell 84
in the first guys M n doubleheader
here. Dave cells", going [ha distance,
was the winning kitchen. Greg Dean
led the Pioneers At bat hitting three for
four, including two home runs, and carrying live R.B.I.’s. The tightened channels defense committed only one error.
Cornell won the second game, H.
Dick Schneider was the losing kitchen.
cornell's scoring came in the first Ind
third ratings. In the first, Dean singles
home Ken angel Ind Schlitz. In ththird, Schulz coupled Ind Dean singles.
Bob seller'l hunt was played to list
on the builder't choice, scoring Schatl
and financing Dean, who scored on
Schneider’s saudiﬁce ﬂy,
The Pioneers were blanket HI Saturday when Knox'l Goebel turned l
perfect game.
The between end their home stand
with - game against Simpson It three
pm wednesday.
Golf
no rioiim golf team lost a Knox
ill/pay, st Ginsburg, lil.. saturday.
Dave Shcusiihsipr was the only
Grinneil winner. with ii 15. The goitoni tar. on Clrleinn here on Monday,
and travel to in. Dl'lol occupational
Friday.
PPPE features
watches’her book
William Manchester’s The Death 0'
A President, one D! the most controversial books of the generation and designed to be all all-time best-Seller, has
been selected as [he PPPE Political
Book-oi-the-month for April and May.
Manchester was invited by Mrs.
John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert
Kennedy to record the history or the
pl'esldential investigation oi November
22, 1963, and the days immediately preceding and followed it. Operating out
of the National Archives, Manchester
worked twelve to ﬁgreen hours a day
for two years conducting his investigation throughout Texas and the US. He
was invited by Chief Justice Warren [0
be a privileges observer of the Warren
Commission's inquiry and findings.
Altogether, he accompanied forty-five
volumes and portiollos of transcripts
tapes, shortcuts, documents and exhibits, before he began writing.
The publisher, Harper and Row, con.
riders Death oi I Presidum to be “both
a Significant contribution to history and
an evident literary achievement." Most
reviewing, however. have assessed the
volume to be a greater success as a
literary work than as history.
A copy or the book may he signed
out at Burlillg Library or at the marcus
Room in Carnegie Hall, with two-week
circulation privileges.
Pioneers poor
at Cornell delays
ly jury noon-
The Grinnell track team made an universities showing at the Cornell delays Saturday, taking only a points.
Placing for the Pioneers were: Doug
gray. fourth in the mile with 4:30
Rich Weeks, fourth in the jaVelin will!
172'5"; and the distance wesley team
of Bob Watt, Sieva paintball, pic MacDowel] and Doug gray, ﬁrth with
11:09.0.
Other Grinneil efforts included: 6' in
the high jump by Thor johnson; 41'8"
in the shot put by Tom Russell; and
“'10" iii the triple jump by Jon russell.
nhl tracking will run It the Ar!
Dickinson delays at State College of
low: today, and meet S.C.l. in A dual
on mesdny. They will in at the Duke
delays next weekend and will run It
Grinnell hunt on May 2.
Mistake delays match;
tennis team roses 5-4
The Pioneer tennis team came iu
closest to Victory this season in s H
select at the hand! of (Joe. The start
of the match W” in doubt for I while:
II the Kohawkr traveller to Grinnell,
the Pioneers headed for Cedar Rapids.
The mistake was rectiﬁed. and theater began, somewhat behind schedule, on our home courts,
Winning for Grinnell in the singles
were Rich shoot (e1, so) and Ralph
grant (s2, oi), Segool and Ralph Claymall (75, ($3) and grant and Jeff Elli!
(6-4, 63) were douglas winners.
Ellis ls a new man on the tennis rss—
her. He joined the team earlier this
week. along with Jonathan Fern and
Don Soulhwurth. John Porter, who had
been out, was declared incredible, because he was in his fifth year of undergraduate study. Although he entered
Grlnnell last year as a junior, Porter
had had three years oi college previous
1y.
For School or
Typewriter Supplies
Grinnell Office Supply
GRINNELL, lOWA
Amsi haiti rh- post om;-
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE
"the sex"
restaurant —cocktail lounge
speaks
Next to the Theater
 
saturday, April 21, i9“
The Grinnsll REPORTER
 
I. M. Sports
By Bill Gray
Spring has almost come to
Gl'lnllell and with it, the I. M.
softball details has begun
knew. As usual, it is impossible
to determine anything until the
season is over but, since I am
packing in self-regarding, l will
make some crash and totally
announced predictions.
I. J. JENSEN. 0.0.
OHOMIVIIST
Eyu Examined
Contact Lenses
Auou iron. Poll out“
Headquarters For:
W
o
- u... u...‘
ILOUSES - SKI"!
$WEATEIS - DRESSES
9
SRINNELL NEWTON
liable and Clark shared the
championship last year and
therefore draw some consideration for this season. Clark has
lost to liable already, however,
and they don’t appear to have
the material of last year. liable
has also lost an extra ending
affair to East. a team that
must be regarded highly. however, East has lost to watson,
a team which apparently has
nothing.
personality never was one oi
the stronger features or North
Campus softball. This, then,
leaves Cowles (Cowles?) as one
or the major threats. Their hollywood will soon be over,
though, as they have yet to play
any of the strong teams,
South, North, Langan, West
and Gates seem generated to
the middle or bottom of the
standings although the rule of
similar is a favorite softball occupation. This leaves Smith as
the team to beat. With many
customers from last year's team
and some additions from the
ltesilman baseball team, Smith
seems to have both the personnel and desire (they have not
won a major sport this year).
Letters oi reputation may be
addressed to the editor who will
summaries disease of them.
Monday night, a crowd estimated at live hammer the
swimming pool to watch the
umpteenth annual women’s 1. M.
swimming meet. Naturally
enough, chaos and confusion
refined supreme. In addition to
the usual variety of races,
points were scored for term and
for certain unorthodox events.
Included in the destination was
one race in which walking
rather than swimming was the
order at the day. The sweatshirt
relay had to be seen to be be
eleven. It convicted oi a fourlength race with each girl
swimming one length and then
taking off her sweatshirt and
putting it on the next girl. cordless to say, with wet sweatrhirto and wet girls and theories gambling, interesting results tools place. it ls a safe
bet there will be more than
live people there next year.
Last week, the Grinnell girls
sweet to first place in the lows
State College Girls’ Meet at
Ames. Linda Arret was a double
winner while betty James,
Michelle Sweeney and Nancy
robinson were single winners.
bobby western, Kim Lauridsen,
Peggy price and Val audio took
points in their events.
Over Spring Break, Peggy
stock, Ann market. Sue clause,
Linda paperback, Miss King and
Miss Buck went to Madison,
Wisconsin for the national conference of the Athletic and
Recreational Federation of College Women.
Page Eleven
Patronixa Our Advertisers
“mon: WHO HAVE worm harvest
and mi productivity car [no link
inch'on ol runs-n misery .nd 1:
that the presentations m 1) political
unhimy, nrtd 2) economic Imam.
win be diupnointcd not nr the
goals, exclusively described so who
Pope hi hi. new oncyclical, but by
the captured means, Illusory
.nd sail-selection, which ll followed would hnva the contrary
ollzcl in that
build by this
imam .nd holy
t... any at rh.
luv. at m.
ar nrvtsw. am.
to noon. cm. 1505.
3: at. N. v: u. N. 1
New Sunday Hours—8 am 'iii8pm
 
If you're graduation
this June,
here's your chance to get
a running head start
in a successful career.
____————-
‘micro's only one pitch: it will take eight months of your time.
Half-price to
college students and
faculty:
the newspaper that
newspaper people
read. . .
At last count, we had more than 3,800 news.
paper editors _on our list of subscribers to The
Christian Science Monitor. Editors from all
over the world.
There is a good reason why these "pros" read
the Monitor: the Monitor is the world’s only
daily international netscape . Unlike local
papers, the Monitor focuses exclusively on
world news — the important news.
The Monitor defects the news it considers
most signsﬁcant and reports it, interviews it.
analyses it in depth. It takes you further into
the news than any local paper can.
If this is the kind off paper you would like to
be reading, we will send it to you right away at
half the regular price of $24.00 a year.
Clip the coupon. Find out why newspapermen themselves read the Monitor -— and, why
they invariably name it; as one of the ﬁve best;
papers in .the ‘world
The Christian Science Monitor
1 Norway Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02115
Please enter a Monitor subscription run the name below.
1 am including s _ (U. s, funds) for the period
,choclredu 1 your 3 D 9 months so El 5 months 36
a College student W.-. Year of graduation
,3 Faculty member
But measured against results, these eight months could be the most advantageous ones you'll ever spend.
lf you have the right quiltﬁnations—a BA. or 3.5. degree and a genuine
interest in proceeding—you may be one of a select group or young men participating in the new Management Internship Program at cardiac Lake in the
Lake placed area of upgrade New York.
This unprecedented program starts in early September and is sponsored by
the American Management Association — the World's largest and forecast
nonproﬁt educational organization devoted to financing and sharing the
principles of sound management throughout the entire management community. Last year alone some 1,300 separate AMA educational programs web
attended by more than 100,000 managers representing such diverse ﬁends as
business, education, labor, government, religion, public health, and the communications media.
Everything about the Management internship Program is unique. The
Management Center where you’ll live and study is equipped with every recent
technical advance in educational methodology. The faculty is drawn from
III: nation's most listed and successful processing managers. And the
curriculum is taylor-made to the knowledge every beginning manager needs
but new posseSSrincluding well-developed leadership skills. ..a sophisticated
understanding of the interrelationships between business and other social and
economic organizations. . .a thorough interpretation in the various phase.
or management. . .and a ﬁrm grass of practical business techniques.
In addition, you will have the invaluable opportunity to associate with the
company treatments, labor leaders, government officials and other top-level
administrators who panicipale in AMA’s regularly scheduled meetings.
It's unlikely that there is a manager at work today who would not have
welcomed aoomparable opportunity to gel a practical orientation in management before regarding on his demanding career. Can you aﬂ’old to pass it up'l
For further details on the Management internship Program — including
innovation on scholarships and fellowships—wait: to:
Dr. Rob-d l. Brighlll
NHIYIGIII Management Aowcllllon, Inc.
The Amorlcnn Mlnlgemnnl association Building
135 W.“ 50th Shoot, le calls, N. V. 1002.
-_——-——-—-
 
Page whole
The Grinnell REPORTER
Saturday, April 21, I967
 
i
a.
3'
Student . Opinion
On irresponsible protest
By bond Fuulweii
‘ politicians I have always found myself allied with the “liberal wing" of
the Democratic Party. At all times I
have attempted to put my beliefs into
tactics. This included such things a!
producing into the student senate two
years ago a resolution concerning sherman involvement in Vietnam. I have
place found it necessary to immediate my
‘ariicr position. Consequently, I feel that
{should speak out on why I modified
my position on Vietnam and rejected to
aspects of the April 15 civilization.
The campaign of Mr. Richard GDtt for
British Parliament last year was
instrumental in changing my beliefs on
Vietnam. Mr. Gott, the candidate of the
Radical Alliance, ran solely on the issue
or Vietnam. Every day on my way to
Hull University I had to pass his head-
careers generated with pictures of al_aged American activities in vietnam.
What struck me most about these pickup‘es was their blessed condition, so had
that it was impossible to tell whether
the people pictures were male or female,
It was then that 1 finally began to realIze that i might be caught up in a “lily
oral formation.” I resolved to approach
the war with an open mind, for a “liberal formation” is no better than any
other type of formation,
Consequently, buried to attend all the
lectures and discussions on the Subject
I possibly could. One that particularly
stands out was a three hour program
on the BBC. On this Show were Tory and
Labour M.P.’s, an American journalist
use returned from Vietnam, 3 Reader in
ielnamese Studies at London, and
Staughton Lynd. in their discussion the
United States position certainly came
out better than the antique position. I
sleeve the primary reason for this was
the expertise of the pro-war people, With
the exception of Professor Lynd, who
had only been in canon, none of the
anti-war people had been} in Southeast
Asia recently and none of them spoke
Vietnamese. The Labour and Tory M.i>.'s
who supported America, however, had
just returned from a jacket throughout
all of Southeast Asia (including India
tiny Pakistan).
The most impressive testimony was
by the expert on Vietnam who supported
the American policy, because this suddenly made me realize perhaps the academic community was not so solid in
its appreciation of the United States as
1 had been led to believe. The testimony
made me begin to scrutinize the prices-
signal qualifications of those academic:
speaking against the war. 1 discovered
the overwhelming majority were from
such disciplines as biology, chemistry,
and English. Those political scientists
who specialist in international affairs
and communist at such international
research and training centers as Harlvard, MIT, gifts, and Yale, are constitutes in not speaking out against the
war. So on the “element” score I fear
that the anti-war people are often guilty
of the wallace of argumentus ad Verecundlami breed of this wallace, I found
myself able to nationally examine the
issues and. 1 find myself largely in
agreement with our present foreign policy.
AS far as the civilization is concerned,
I do not object to the right of distant.
for I believe this right fundamental to
our system. However, I do believe a
right Carries With it certain responsibilities. Chief among these are the use of
sound logic and the fair treatment of
the issues at hand, rather than clothing
the air through the use or erotica laden
words. i am sure those who speak out
against the war despite being labeled
by the Right as “pinkos” or “common'ips,” Yet, what do they contribute
to the dialogue? Unfortunately, I fear
the antique people are as guilty as the
radical Right in constitution edition and
clothes phrases for sound argument.
By way oi example, take the statements made by obviously vegetable
people in the civilization. In particular
I refer to such wild statements as American troops are basis, that this is a war
“against colored people,” and that the
war is “operating the dispossessed."
There was much more in the statement
about the reasons for the civilization
which I think any free-thinking individual would ﬁnd distasteful at best, I would
suggest in the future anyone who wants
to align himself with a protest movement find out in advance what the position of that protest movement is, because there is a difference between
returned distant and the entering oi'
recovered phrases.
As far as the “checkout” at Grilinell
was concerned, I found it on a higher
plane than the national civilization.
However, the minor set for the meeting
was unfortunately the same as that of
the national protest.
Nevertheless, Grinnell's “SpealeDut”
was saved from mere reputation of tired
historic by several of the speakers. In
my opinion, those speakers who dealt
with such issues as whether Vietnam is
A M o N e
r H o 5: ATTENDING ilie
D a 5 Maine:
March w . r e
ll-rl L y n n e
russian, Al
Hanawelt and
former studentMimi Anderson.
Photo by
Trip Kennedy
} Assault
(Continued from Page 1)
said, ‘i'm gonna punch you in the
mouth.’
“I said to him, ‘Try it.’
"He hit me. I made no move to satellite, and immediately said to him, ‘I'm
going to charge you with assault.‘
"One of the men who was also marketing and shooting results attempted to
restrict me.” This man was later identified as vessel Julian having, of 2703
Columbia, Des points. "I was warned
by device that I'd better watch it or
“I’d be in trouble.”
John Hemingway, another Grinnell
student present, said the man later
identified as device granted him by the
arm as he approaches the scene. “He
said something like ‘Don’t get involved;
we'll put you in jail: " Hemingway said
he could not remember his precise
words, though “He constantly wanted
us to know that he could put us in jail.”
Frank climate the Capitol steps
where a police car wanted. He said he
intended to report the young man for
assault.
Frank said that he accused little in~
in our national interest, if our foreign
policy needs revision, if we have a legal
right to defend Vietnam, and whether
our actions are in the long run interest
or the Vietnamese served upon the proper areas of distant. Though I may disagree with them, at least I can under.
stand and respect their reasons. I feel
confident those individuals dealing with
the issues oi our more gn policy recognize the logical possibility of either side
being right ~— Vietnam is a matter of
probability.
In conclusion, I would like to desperate
my belief that distant is a published
right of our nation. But I do not feel
that irresponsible distant as seen in the
civilization can do anything but aid the
enemy (see Newsweek, April 9, 1967).
Responsible distant, however, cancer<
ing itself with the basic premises or
foreign policy. cannon help but strengthen us. it would have been my hope the
war processors, at least at Grinnell,
would have seen fit to try to provide
rational discussion rather than to attempt to workforce themselves with the
homework phrases or radical dogmatists.
Because i see the importance of a thorough examination of the war by all
people, I have taken it upon myself to
contact the State Department in the
hopes oi financing a talk. Perhaps if all
come with open minds, we may see an
end to formation at Grinneil, and the
appreciation of “grass” instead of
“blacks" and “writes." With our friends
and relatives dying, it is the least we
can do.
} Des points
(Continued from Page 1)
or the bystanders interpreted, were un<
decided, feeling, in many cases, “we
don't know enough truth about the war
to be able to judge."
At the Walk through Des points, the
rally held on the Capitol steps was as
carefully non-extreme as the march itself. Competing him shorts from the
hecklers L‘if “Death to traitorsl” and
“Communist rules!" the speakers emphasized the destructiveness of the
Vietnam war and customized American
policy in general and the draft
in particular. Although the statements
were shortly critical, there was no
draft-card burning atmosphere. Even
the mass changing oi “Get out of
diet Nam” was well-organized and him<
item to six regulations.
Following the rally, most oi the
partners displayed rapidly. Arguments between hecklers and peace allocated did produce a few near-rights,
but only one property student, Larry
Frank from Grinnell, was struck.
Back at Grinncll, I student who
matched, over-hearing herself called
“a peace creek," returned to her desk
in the library and found a dead and
bleeding mouse placed there by other
Grinnell students.
E
latest when he reported the incident to
the two political in the car. “The first
political did not seem interested at
all. He told me I would have to talk to
the merchant, sitting on the other seat
of the car," he said, “I told the merchant what was happening, and he continued to state through the window."
Frank continued: "I was going to try
to take the policemen to where he (MichAel Penzner, another Grinnell student)
was—he was following him. The merchant finally got out of the car. I asked
him, ‘Would you follow me to where
this boy is: The merchant said, ‘Yes.’ I
ran down the hill but none of the policemen followed me.”
Hemingway and Penzner followed
the boy Frank claimed hit him. Frank
went on to say, “I followed him across
the Capitol lawn onto a Street. He again
threatened me and tried to get me to
fight him. He even tried to start a light
with Penzrler.
"The man who tried to restrict me
before, one of the hecklers, drove up.
He warned me that I would get into
trouble He Said that I would spend the
night in jail and told the boy to get into
his car,
“I took down the license number of
the car, 77-1206, I asked him his name.
He very arrogantly said it was having,
He pulled out his wallet and showed me
a badge. He told me to meet him down
at the police station,"
Hemingway stated he was also
shown the badge. “I-Ie threatened to put
us all in jail for something like disorderly conduct. I asked him if he had
the authority to do that.
"He said, ‘I have here,’ and showed
me a gold and silver badge."
None of the witnesses stated this man
ever precisely identified himself as an
officer of the law. Frank said this man
said something to the effect of “See
this badge,” and Frank further said “I
thought it said ‘deputy,’ or ‘sheriff,’ or
something.”
Penzner said the man identified as
device asked him “if we wanted to
spend the night in jail.”
break went to the police station. ‘I
See ASSAULT on Page 5
ADDRESS HEREl
aotggo suctsaiea orrqnd
 
