§CARLET& BLACK
student Newspaper of Grinnell College
 
Vol. LXXV
“a
Student: appear to be wondering weights problems against general meeting at the
Grinneii Student Movement.
students.
Grinnell, Iowa. Friday, September 22, [957
The meeting last Tuesday at Ex Loco drew about sixth
Photo by Alan Bernhardt
AMORPHOUS GROUP PLANS MOVEMENT
By PAUL NACHMAN
More than sixth people, {he
reading many freshmen, discussed plans for onacampus std-
‘sent activity at a Tuesday
night meeting of the newly—
worried Grinneii Student Movement (GSM) at Ex Loco parental.
The GSM a somewhat aurora
phone organization involving
many persons inﬂcentral in the
spring Vietnam speakroui, plans
to push the open forms and
ALL NIGHT
BASH SET
Gates and watson fails are
sponsoring a band & box a bag
8: blanket ii: confirm base Sat—
today night on Mac Field.
every student is invited, with
or Without a date at the illdividuai’s discretion. The basic
will last from 10:00 p in. until
dawn.
Guests are advised to bring
planners, guitars and their own
food, including workout fare,
Bill McGinty and the Soul survivors will turkish music.
There Will be two “sit-in"
movies: The Gold Rush, starring Charlie charlie, at 12:15
3.111., and Good Neighbor Sam,
starring Jack common and
Romy Schneider, at 12:45 a.m.
Lottery tickets will be distributed around 2:00 a.m. with the
drawing planned for sunrise.
,There are also sensitive plans
for a sunrise church sen/ice at
the Gates-watson Towers, with
Chaplain Haas or perhaps hope
D' Monki breathing.
Vietnam Issues and publish an
underground newspaper.
Eric Thor, Cle facts chairman
at the Tuesday meeting, prepared his remarks with, “We
want to avoid a leader psychola
ogy, so we have the least dynamic being‘e us!”
“Instead, we need a unit
psychology," he arrested, ex»
training that a strong GSM will
enable its members to every ef—
receive pressure for changes at
Grinnell.
Thor expressed hope that std<
sent power will not become
an end in itself, Rather,
sees the GSM as those Students willing to be in the language of campus change.
The movement’s primary concern now is the open rooms
question. Ron Steinhorn, head
of GSM's Opens Committee,
said, “We are trying to work
through ofﬁdial channels now"
to show the campus that nothing will be accomplished this
way,
The GSM will put a proposal
calling for open forms enter»
clips before the Senate next
week and generally, added
Steinhorn, “keep the issue beme the campus,”
LEGGETT
T0 SPEAK
President suggest will address
all open meeting of the Senate
Sunday at 7 p.m. in ARH auditorium, He will speak on the
need not changes in the residence hall system and related
matters.
he,
Mike P e n z n e r elaboratedll
"The student leaders still think
we can reason with the means.
Most of the student body won't
act until they’re sure the means'
answer is ‘no.’
“As soon as we get an explicit refused from the means,
we have a rally point and can
have a revolution."
The Paper, GSM's underground newspaper, edited by
Richard Schileirov, will serve
as the voice of the movement.
”We don’t intend to compete
with the 5&3," said Scllneirov.
“The 5&3 cannon provide adequate space (to air GSM’s
views)," he explained.
Hopefully, said Schneirnv, the
paper will come out weekly in
photographer form. He intense to print articles from
similar journals, news of student resolutions a c r o s s the
country, and numerous features.
“We don't have to be concerned with just college is
sees," he explained. “The 5ch
has a responsibility to the campus. We don’t."
“There is a sudden suggesting of underground newspapers,"
Scllneirov continued. “They’re
not connected in any way with
what people call ‘The establishment'.
“Most of them barely turn
I: profit, as the leadership is
limited. The content is often
extremely radical."
Anyone wishing to play
anything on any musical instrument (or on anything
else) is welcome at Ex Loco
parental tonight until 2 3.1“.
“IZIIIIIEZE
Jill diet. OOIJNOIL
OOHEIBMATIONS
EXPECTED SUNDAY .
Sue postal, Larry Frank, and
Russ Heuckendorf have been
selected as the first student
members of the Judicial
Council. The appointments
are expected to be confirmed
by the Senate Sunday night,
By ANNE TAYLOR
The Judicial Council of Grinnell's Student Government Association will be an innovation
in student selfrgovernment,
The council will consist of
three appointed students and
three faculty members chosen
by President suggest upon the
recommendation of Mr. Wall,
the Chairman of the Faculty.
The medical Council will have
original jurisdiction in all cases
in which violations of college
regulations are alleged to have
occurred except those in which
the house councils have original jurisdiction.
At its discretion, it may have
satellite jurisdiction over cases
handled by a House Council or
may refer any cases back to a
House Council if it is felt that
the House Council should have
original jurisdiction.
The council will have the
power to recommend any appropriate measure, however, its
decision is subject to the students right of appeal to the
President of the College.
The three student members of
the council, Sue postal, Larry
Frank, and Russ Heuckendori,
were selected by a committee
composed at eight house press<
cents and pic MacDowell.
fighters candidates were inter<
viewed on Monday and Tues<
day nights, and the final selection was made Wednesday.
Frank and Heuckendurf will
serve until December, and Dos-
tax will serve until May. An.“
tournament of the three faculty,
members of the council is also
expected Sunday. '
The faculty members of the
Judicial Council will also in,
announced at that time and will
serve one year terms.
The most important innova.
lion within the Judicial Council
Will be its preparation to mid.
ate investigations of student a
fails. The council will be acid
to investigate the underwear
causes of the violations of th
college's policies and regular
lions and to make resolutions
affecting student behavior,
In previous years the function
of the council was executed bye
a High Court and n separate
Men's and Women‘s Primary,
Courts.
The members of last year]
courts would be the first
admit that their medical aystza
locked adequate means to m >
the needs of Grinneil‘l student
body.
The primary courts found
themselves waiting time operating regulations and collecting
investments for disciplinary
problems. Most of the courts
decisions were merely cniorcmg
standing regulations, result<
tions which, more often than
not, Could have and should have
been dealt with through house
councils.
The courts had no integrity.
Simply, any of their decisions
could have been (and some
were) revised by the Faculty
Committee on Student Affairs
by request of the means.
The inefficiency of the complex court system was enemy ,
filed by the fact that the digit
Court was not used once last
year.
 
IOWA EDITOR TAKES SWIPES
AT PROFS AND POLITICS
By NEIL FISCHER
filled as a speech on possible
Republican candidates for the
next presidential election, a
Thursday night Political Discussion Group (PDG) dinner in
the private dining rooms of the
Forum passed into a verbal house
between Burlington (Iowa)
Hawkeyo Editor John McCormally and Professor C. admin
Gilmour (political science).
The batteries centered around
civil rights, the Vietnam war,
and the Republican alternative
of Ronald Reagan.
Though a “not for the record"
atmosphere provided most of
the evening, McCormally's suitable statements authorized his
overall views
“It's a hell of a lot more important to save America than
it is to save Vietnam . . . We
can renego on our commitment
there if there is a need at
home."
Just as a man can renego on
a Red Cross pledge il hs needs
the money more to send a dist
after in his home, the Iowa editor explained, we can renege in
South East Asia if we’re in
trouble."
“Is that it reasonable political alternative?" asked Gilmour.
“It is politicians possible it
you have the gets," McCormai.
1y answered, ”But it may bl
a matter of time."
“ I never argue with you,Ill
Gilmour reported, “1 agree with'
MCCORMALLY —
~(Continued on Page Q
 
SCARLET 8 BLACK
student Newspaper of entire” College
I201 Park Street Grinnell College
Grinnell, lawn soil:
A weekly newspaper published cock Friday ol
the college year by the ortnuell commerce on sur—
debt Publications. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc. college
Publishers Representative. In East 50th Street, New
York 22, N.Y, second class postage paid ut channels,
Iowa, subscription rate 35m per school your. land
paid subscriptions.
OPS
Member at th.
Collegiate
Press Servlu
EDITOR .
MANAGING u
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
STAFF jul'its . ,
party Anconn
roll kitchen
Stephen marsh
, Bruce strain
Mnrtho ncvkey, Gordon christopher.
susan :devoted, Anne Porter, Jack cocnenoucr.
Andy lsnncs, Adrienne Letnmons. holly Mooulrc,
Sue Miller, Paul running, men Scheokter,
Gernltl johnson. Ann rntrcl. Anne Taylor.
. final our-unordt, non looked,
point Seamrtl, ulok rrctnnsnn
PHOTOGRAPHERS
Editorials . . .
TOWNIES ON CAMPUS
The rock and roll dance Saturday night in the North Lounge
was attended by college and high school students, and the combination didn't seem to work. The blame did not lie with the
towards.
The high school students, attempted by the Pete print printer
(which was popular on the Iowa band circuit this summer), and
with nothing else to do that evening, arrived at the Forum
promptly at 9:30 pm. Most oi the college residents who were
going to the dance were still watching the hRH movie.
Even before the dance floor became created, high school students were being told to leave, and those outside were told not to
come in. Forum guards petroleum instances to the North Lounge.
The towards that remained inside were suspected to business
and physical abuse at the hands of some ol the less liberal acid/0r
power college students. Most, however, retired to the terrace outside the North Lounge. Here was witnesses Line of the more incredible rights oi the evening, as a prominent administration
figure announced to the towards (who were sitting harmlessly
and listening to the band) that: “all high school students must go
home." Most ot them were gone by ll pm.
Let those people who say that the high school students pay no
activity teen and therefore should not be admitted he reminder
that our omnipresent friends from William Penn pay no more.
Let us also remember that college Students didn't start to
crowd the dance floor until alter IO p.m., and that the high school
students could have been allowed in until then and then told p0likely to leave.
Poor relations between the town and the college are perpetue
aged by such actions as translated Saturday night. It is opportunity
that the first action in 8 long time that finds students and administration on the same side finds them both in the wrong.
REALITY iS BAD I‘OR P.R.
“The October corporation is a fundraising vehicle for the
college, and other benefits train it are secondary." This was told
to the sol; by James Avisorl, Director or Development
We see nothing wrong with raising money for the college. We
see nothing wrong with doing it on campus, during the school
year. We see nothing wrong with inconveniencing the students a
little.
What is objectionable is turning Homecoming and Parents‘
Weekend into a three ring circus, and working plans on the college
community, students and faculty alike.
. . . According to the latest information, Martin Luther King.
who is receiving star billing on the weekend, will arrive at midnight Saturday, breach the Sunday person, and leave immediately
afternoon.
. . . Homecoming blood building was eliminated this year because the noise would history all oi the participants, who were to
live on campus. Three at them are staying on campus.
. According to the weekend schedule, separate dining for
men and women students (men and their guests at Cowles, and
women and their guests and alumni at Quad) is the order of the
day.
Is this an attempt to balance dining facility use (which usually
balanced anyway) or is it also an attempt to retain. it just for
the weekend, the “old way or life” at Grinnell, so people can remember it “as it Was” rather than how it is?
There are other examples, and other problems with corporation weekend that should be worked out. Reality may be bad for
public relations, but it is wlizlt the students must live with the
rest of the year.
)k Il< at
There Will be further editorials and articles on corporation,
and sludmt opinions are welcome.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. September 22. lg
 
‘66 YEARBOOK
Grinnell College — 1966 is really in the hands of a publisher who plans to publish It. The
book. photographer by former
students John Phillips and Henry Wilhelm, is the disputes
textbook which the College refused to publish last spring for
legal reasons.
New Concepts Publishing
Company or version, Virginia
was set up expressed to publish
his book. The company's diIec<
for of promotion is Richard
sherman, Grinnell class of ’21.
Grinnell College —- 1966 is now
scheduled to be ready for dis—
tradition in December.
Price of the book has been
raised to $10 to cover a more
mostly photo printing process
and other expenses,
} McCORMAL Y
(Continued from Page 1)
everything you say; you’re just
politicians drive.”
"I make a career out of being drive and writing ﬂjul it,"
McCurmally music.
“I take up a lot of lost causes
myself, you know,” Gilmour
concluded.
“But," he added, "after investing thousands of American
lives and millions of dollars,
you tell me we’re just going to
get out?” the political scientist
asked.
“It is my personal opinion,"
McCormally answered, “that
as one Iowa newspaper editor
who has read everything he
could get his hands on . . . and
talked to everyone he could get
hold of I think we ought to get
the hell out and 12! Ho (Chi
Mihn) have it."
Turning finally to the Repub»
local candidate, McCormally
was asked by Gilmour who he
thought would be the Republican answer to Johnson.
“Ronald Reagan,” McCormally answered absolutely,
“And it shares me to death."
“When you run out or alter—
nations and answers,” the Iowa
editor added, “Reagan is the
automotive — the fictitious answer, a guy who gives the impression, who . . . looks good
and sounds good."
“I think people would be
much more willing to pay $100
to hear him (Reagan) speak
than simon," agreed professor
William Vanderpool (speech),
county Republican chailltlan.
“I think Reagan can’t win
against Johnson,” McCormally
added, “But I think a powerseller might be able to ur a Per.
cy -— or a RockelellereReagan
ticket."
“You all got sold down the
river for polyester; we got
sold out by Johnson," he said.
“I voted for the man because
he said that polyester would
give us war in Vietnam,” he
explained. “and now I . ."
“london is week by week,
month by month, losing all of
his best people."
The verbal house was “all in
the spirit oi knowledge and discussion,” PDG head otlmour
said at the outlet of the meeting.
“it those two guys (McCormally and Gilmollr) didn’t love
each other enough to get more
rietl,” observed McCormalIy's
son, Sean (Gates sophomore),
“it could be really better.”
ANIMAL BEHAVIOUR
By Neil kitchen
There is nothing more distasteful to me than u lot of talk
and no action - especially when all the talk is about not having
enough action.
And after a couple weeks reading columns on the “containers
of long distant” students, reading letters concerning containers
on campus, and listening to chapter — and chattering a little myself —— about “not enough to do at Grinnell,” I have come to a
conclusion a bit out of character {or this column.
Namely, that our college has become a place characterized
by mariah verbal "words’s" about everything butt also by people
who don’t want to do anything, and that it’s not the administration‘s fault,
Or to he more tasks — Grinnell students are ingenuuus, but
have no intensity.
They are stretch supporters of the freedom to have an active
social like, but they seldom 7 it ever — come up with anything
interesting or unusual to do on campus.
Take “no hours for women students.” Since my last episode
on the subject, individuals have come up to me ﬁrely stating
that the only reason the “no hours” system was allocated last
year was “the principle or the thing.“
I disagree, or course, but it “the principle of the thing” was
the only reason, what the situation books down to is this: “We
women't interested in doing anything with the time; we were only
interested in the freedom to do nothing.”
This, while noble, seems a waste of time 101‘ everybody -t
students, administrators, SGA members, and columnists alike.
Or take the monthly social calendars distributed in the mailboxes.
Most students take them anyway and on Friday and Saturday
nights — and every other night for that matter — follow them
like they were Army strategy maps,
A spend of mine pointed out a totally phenomenon to me the
other night — a student reading his calendar and hosting down on a
pad: “8 RM. — GO TO STUART DEMPSTER CONCERT IN
ROBERTS . r I 10:15 RM. COFFEEHUUSE FLAMENCO GUITAR
IN COFFEEHOUSE . . . 10:45 RM. ~ GO TO JAM SESSION,
NORTH LOUNGE, FORUM . I ,” etc.
But when nothing is marked on the Almighty Calendar, nobody
is in the coffeehouse or Roberts or anywhere else.
Can’t you people just go for a cup of espresso or tell improving jokes on the Roberts stage or have a midnight picnic
in the local cemetery?
Do you always have to go to the scheduled movie?
Someone with just a medical or intensity organized a watch
day night “Camp Out.” Good Stuiil More of that.
God damn it, can’t you do something? Anything? Try running
down the service Chapel titles during the Sunday service streaming, “1 am saved! i am saved!”
or course, there ls always danger involved in accounting
new, wheel, and therefore interesting activities. Last year professor George Young (Russian) elucidated the need [or “more crazy
people" at Grinnell. Among other things, he suggested “bullhghts on the central quad.“
Little did the good professor know that, for the above comment,
he can be infected under Section 726.7 of the criminal statutes of
the Code of Iowa:
“it any person keep or use, or in any way be connected
with, or be interested in the management of or receive money
for the admission at any person to, any place kept or used for
the purpose or lighting or waiting any bull, bear, cock, dog, or
other creature, or engage in, aid, abet, encourage, or assist
in any btdl, bear, cock, or dog tight, or a tight between any
other creatures, he shall he buddy of a misdemeanor."
A misdemeanor in Iowa is punishment by as much as a year in
jail, a $500 line, or both.
The risk, i think, Is worth it. But students, I guess. have lost
the knock to tell each other where to go,
I note the loss with extreme brief.
Good green, though, maybe this week you all will do some«
thing about something. And, anyway, you can’t say it’s the administration’s fault when you won’t.
The classes are great here, the teachers are line;
It’s the sometimes at Saga that can blow out one’s mind.
The good‘s bad enough here, the sit~towns are murder,
merchants I’d do better to pick rail-side vol-duke.
In classes. my stomach seems to talk more than I.
That load is not offered I don‘t mean to reply:
Our kilchens, the Forum, and rest’ranks are great,
But with equally thin budget, my opposite shall not site.
Why not, instead or the room and board ice,
Be given a chargeaccount about this city?
The SAGA stack bar Shall remain for most meals:
More profit, less waste; choice shows how one feels.
Excuse my poor poem —it’s difficult to think ‘
When one‘s starting ll‘ash slulnach has gone on (he living.
S. T. M.
is
 
Friday, September 22.. I957
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
MAN IS A CREATIilE Ailiiilihi.
By PAUL JONES
 
Following is the body of a
letter i received from Henry
Wilhelm. it is a reply to my
first column and very likely
expressed better the ideas
which I would have expressed eventually as a followed to that column. 1 would
prepare the letter by asking
one question which 1 hope
you will keep in mind as you
read the letter: Does the concept of creativity have any
meaning at Grinnell College?
Paul:
I read with some interest
your recent article “The containers of the Long Distant student" (which might be re-written: “The Fear To Create in
the Overcritical College") in
the 5&3. You raised some in
investing'questions, any one of
which is important, and I think
you ought to go into the subject
more in some future articles.
Your thoughts inspired me to
offer a few ideas of my own
on the subject: 1 would very
much agree with you in saying
(beginning) that most students
and faculty at Grinnell have
worthwhile thoughts to express
'(or plays to direct, lots to
make, pictures to paint, poems
to write and photographs to
make) but that unfortunately
most people never let such im<
passes come to the public
surface.
I would give the student a
bit more credit than you do, I
think, and put more or the
blame on the atmosphere created as a reproduce of the
Grinnell idea of “critical" edt
nation. The fact that you get
as much material as you do for
NOUS is u sure indication that
there is a real creative interest
on the part of students at Grinnell.
in your article you said you
thought there was a fear at
"being customized" at Grinnell,
and you went on to differentiate between “the legitimate
year of being walked on" and
the fear of being “measured
or judges." 1 would suggest
that, at least in the learning
and beginning stages, both the
fears you mentioned are aqua‘llc valid and legitimate in the
mind of the creative person.
When a person is learning to
feel free in expression himself
I think the emphasis should very
much be on the quantity and
fingering oi his efforts, and
very deﬁlikely not on someone
else’s judgment ot "quality."
That is, in the early stages any
way, output ls much more im<
instant than content.
It is in this area that I feel
Grinnell falls very short of the
Ideal. And I coupon't limit this
just to the classroom; things
like the review oi NOUS which
appeared in the reporter last
semester, the general conversation most people engage in upon
seeing a student play, the write<
cal attitude most people have
when looking at a student art
show, etc., all make the error
in not recognition that the important fact is that someone
did or made something. Doing
is the important thing and 1
think this should receive most
of the emphasis.
0t course other recognition
is helpful in keeping the creative improve producing —— be
ing published is a very nice
incentive. And] would give
NOUS a great deal oi credit in
this area—it is probably the biggest single boost to individual
creature at Grinnell. 0 t h e 1'
things like Drama Workshops,
rock and roll bands, publish.
tions, bicycle corps, student
art and photography shows, encouraging comments from other
students and faculty, etc, are
all very important.
But the opportunity thing is
that at Grinnell there is almost
no academic reward or encour—
element for “creativity." I
would suggest that the art de
partners is the only area in
which there is real cooperation
between the academic and are—
alive improve. Some parts of
Theatre might also qualify
(however, I make a real dis—
function between the creative
and performing arts — I think
the writer is the real creative
one, the director might be tie
pending upon what he does to
the written script, and the actor
comes in a far third. This inn’t
to tie-value the Worth or skill
of the actor, i simply feel that
the actor is doing very much
the same thing that an orchestra performer does in playing
someone else's work. These
things are, I feel, usually more
of a technical skill than a
“creative" activity).
I think Grinnell has a real
confusion about culture, we
ability, and performing. The
Music Department, in my mind,
is the most striking example
of this confusion — virtually
everyone is engaged in studying, performing, and criticizing what others have done, And
the Music Department carries
the result a bit further by generally restriction themselves to
the truly ancient. Jazz is hardly
felt and rock and roll is thought
vulgar. By now it should be
fairly easy to see that the good
“new" music in going to grow
out of folk and rock and exec—
erotic music. Grinnell is not
working in any or these fields.
 
Wayne’s greenhouse
”the sex”
countries — Beverages — Fine Foods
NEXT TO THE THEATER
Students are, but the college
is not. And the xerox quarter
is not either. or course, 1 sun
pose this is only a simpson of
Grinnell’s classical background
~— they used to study only religion, Latin, philosophy, math
and some literature.
As you said. most “creative"
people at Grinnell feel a sad
kind of awareness. But don’t
blame the student. Blame the
theory of education, the kind
of faculty who are attempted to
the place and the opportunity
association of the concept of
intelligence and the ability to ef<
receivers criticism.
i think your image of Grinnell as a “quiet and stories
place” is unfortunately correct.
One sees little of that fresh
joy of people freely creating.
And that perhaps takes us back
to a central point: the motivation behind creation should be
the equipment of the activity
and nut other’s comments on
the effort. Some would say the
ability to create is the only
thing that makes us human. If
that is true, then most of us
don't make the classification.
The other day I read about
a meeting of psychological in
Washington in the newspaper:
one made the observation that
making sexual love was about
the only truly creative activity
that the average persons engaged in. If that is true, think
what would happen if examples
of “great lovemaking" (films,
on stage, etc.) were put on the
same parental that great works
or literature are put on. Most
of us junior critics would then
have to stop making love —
after all, we can't do it as well
as same.
There is that feeling in our
society that if you can't “create" as well as the best can,
you shouldn't create at all. or
if you do anyway, you should
at least feel a little guilty about
your efforts. I offer you the
thought that every art award,
high price paid. good review,
classification by college prices
sort as a ”great work", have
all contributed to this state of
affairs. These things have also
probably contributed to the
“periods" in art — which I
think are only a reflection that
people area't left free to create
what they would it they were
truly free.
Henry Wilhelm
PPPE BOOK
OF THE MONTH
Washington, D.C., a political
novel by Gore final that in
high on the current bestseller
list, has been selected as the
October - November Political
Book of the Month.
The book presents the emotional case fisheries of two U.
Senators who empire to the
providence ~ one in the prepared War II era and the other
today - and subordinate their
lives and loves to the quest.
Characterized by one reviewer
as_“a page turner," the novel
portrait presidential politics at
in best and at its worst.
A STUDENT OPINION
iiiiih Phithsdhiil
Ron Steinhorn is the chairman of the Grinnell fifteen!
excellent‘s committee on open forms.
By RON STEINHORN
ill suite of the nonrmaterialization at two weeks of “frequent
and fruitful discussions” proposed in the COfHPrAWS Board
statement at last Wednesday's open Senate meeting, the issue of
reform on social regulations has been widely discussed. Reading
Paul Jones' article in last week‘s 5&3 indicates that. far from being cognitive ol' the certification and objectives of scolal reform,
Jones has failed to grass the basic promise behind any such reform movement. mls convention that student activities are concerned with the rules themselves rather than a lasting philosophical basis on which to build shows only a very limited and
traditional view of the rulemaking process.
By necessity, the ability to create a philosophy at rule making
and subsequently the rules themselves implies the right to do so.
Traditionally on the Grinnell campus, changes in social result.
tions initiated by students must be approved by a faculty commit.
tee, the President of the college, and finally by the trustees. Thus,
the power to control student social life besides outside the student
body and increases in reverse proportion to its contact with the
students. I think that. no one will question that this accurately den
scripts the focus of the rulemaking power at the present time.
That this is a proper State of affairs Jones does not comment
upon. Instead, he criticizes student activists for being concerned
with specific issues rather than an overall philosophy and taken
us to task for “the narrowness of the aim." If it were true that
change in specific rules is the only objective of students, their the
objective would truly be very narrow.
The primary goal, however, is not initially that of rules
change but certification of where the governing power on social
regulations should righlhilly beside, The present power finds its
source in tradition and its philosophy of action in a situation
ethics of experience resulting in our present state of living in
hypocrisy.
in reference to the administration's philosophy behind social
regulation and rules enforcement, it is apparent that, in complete
contrast to Jones' drive wish “to call for a statement of actual
policy or principles on the part of the administration . . the administration feels no need to put forth a statement of an overall
philosophy on social regulation nor does it presently show an inspiration to do so.
The case last spring in which two students went to see Fresh
sent suggest and presented a list of questions attempting to discover administration policy behind both academic and social is
sees immediately comes to mind, The questions were printed in
The Reporter but no reply was ever received, That the only ra.
trouble behind the administration's actions seems to be experience
is born out by tile sporalic and inconsistent enforcement of exist.
ing regulations. While it may be hoped that the community court
will eliminate at. least some of the industries of the present sites<
tion, it should be noted that the fundamental question, What Can—
statutes a Valid power to create social regulations, has been completely ignored.
The basis of the administration‘s present power, tradition, can
hardly be taken seriously as is determining factor in the governing of our personal lives either in the present or the future. Other
reasons, that the administrators are “Older and wider” for ex<
apple, are so subjective as to be northwest. in addition, any
claim that the administration has the right to template social anna
dust simply because it now occupied a position of power on this
campus is nearly shot down by Rousseau in chapter three of book
one or The Social Contract. He concluded the following way:
“We must grant, therefore, that force does not constitute
right, and that obedience is only due to legitimate powers."
Who, then, constitutes the legitimate power in the area o!
social regulation? it is obviously not the administration. According
once more to Rousseau, legitimate power besides in the common
political will of the community which he calls the governing power.
In other words, the right of social regulation must be present in
the group over which the rules apply. The students, who are the
only persons who are members of the community over which the
social regulations apply, are thus the only ones able to legitimately,
exercise such a governing power over themselves.
Thus, I es’ entire article ignored the primary promise at
student act. 'its, that admi strategy control of student social
regulations constitutes an unjustified assumption of power which
highway can only be exercises by the students. Therefore, participation with a philosophy behind specific rules or the question of
creating good for all equally or for the greatest number in no!
appropriate at this time.
Certainly these must eventually become areas of concern, bill
whatever is decided on in the realm of either philosophy oi social
regulation or specific rules it will be the students alone who on
recovered to decide. To fail to do so will be to deny the esseiu
really human right of sell-creation by determining our own caps:
policies and responsibilities,
 
Go Pioneers! — Beat Si. Olaf
TASTY PASTRY SHOP
”For All Your makers Needs"
923 BROAD
POYNTER'S
IN GRINNELL
Features These Fine Lines of
_ SPORTSWEAR
l. Coun’try Set
2. John Meyer
of Norwich
3. handle’ron
4. While flag
5. oakland
6. Tami
7. Mr. Thomson
8. Thermo-mac
Eight Good Reasons To
Shop counter’s
POYNTER'S
4TH AVE. FASHIONS
Grlnnell's Complete Style Shop for Women
GRINNELL. IOWA 50112
"Something New Every Day"
SCARLET AND BLACK
ILOIISES . SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRKSSES
9
GRINNELL
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
Across from the Post OIIico
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
. Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 136-3777
E. l. lenses, 0
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Closed their. PM.
and Sat. PM.
N EWTON
 
GOOD FOOD — PITCHER BEER
Sunday Hours— 8 pro 8
Friday, September 22. I952
A HUMBLE CONFESSION: ..
How IVY his 0N lV'S
By DON WINNEY
When I was a young and somewhat virginia freshman, its
mother solemnly warned me never to mix women and beds unless‘
I was shopping — for furniture, that is. (My rather, thank God,
was understandingly silent.) And remembering my Calvinist here.
tags and the warmth of the bomb, l religiously followed that
creek — at least my freshman year — and so have never been
planned with that phenomenon of modern college sociology .illegal limitation.
To my rural consideration, however, I once witnesses that
obscenity and discovered what the “real world” can be like at a
small liberal arts college west of the Monongahela. ,
One day l innocently walked into a friend‘s room in narrow
christine’s connections. There, on his bed, was a form almost une
known to a men’s hall — a higher-educated virgin, And there, just
ten feet away at a Sllnlit window, was a form much advised in a
men’s hall — a higher-educated animal. They were somewhat
awkwardly holding hands. -
Well, at course i was checked — totally, intellectually, and
physically. (After all, she was quite pretty.) Why, soon they’ll be
population, I thought. Next they’ll be smoking pot. Today, an iv,
tomorrow VD. The implications were just too horrible to concentrate. 1 closed the door, shuddering. Now, there was only one man
In see.
When I reached the states, I saw him coming up. He looked
like u short-failed watson, supporting two dollars oi grocery packs,
“Dean,” I tried dramatically, ﬂengine my arms forward. l-le titled
his head toward and enabled backward down the states along with
packaging beer cars. “My God,” i seller, running down to him,
“Dean, l’m so sorry.”
“Forget it,” he said. “I was just checked, that’s all,” He
placed himself on a squashed six-pack. “Somebody loves me,“ he
whimpered.
I started to divorce the license, but he pushed me aside
"Alumni party," he said, training some cars, “Gotta go. Gotta
89 "
I must contest at this point I didn’t know Whether he meant
to the party or to use our modern plumbing facilities down the
hall. But whichever the Case I let the good Dean go. Alter all, he's
a very nice gentleman Why, when he was a student he said what
the college needs is more humor, more nature, he said. The Dean’s
a Very understanding man.
But alan, no help. So I decided to try Dean Alice and married
to her office. Now I don’t know Dean Alice too well. She has
such a lovely smile, like the girl in all those venture convertible.
But the good Dean was too busy writing thank you notes to all the
housemcthers. Maybe next time, she failed partly.
Now what was I to do? I had to inform some niiieial about an
immorality or such enormous. But it had to be in conﬁdance I
simply coupon't let my friend know the informed. He might not
understand the moral principle involved. Should I try then that
hardcore, young. washing administrative assistant with the time
name and high-linked purpose? unfortunately, he was running an
expand. But the extended President was in, or rather, he was in
between alumni parties.
“Sir,” I pleased, telling him the awful truth. “Do something.
DD something now.”
“Well,” entered the President, “I just don't know ii I should
at. this point in time.” He scratched his head profoundly “AL
though, of course, that dress’t mean I won't take action at the appropriate time in the future. Unless, of course, I deep such action
experienced unlike. Therefore, generally speaking, the important
thing to remember, I think, is ID be largest. But, We should always
ask ourselves, in the final analysis, is that enough?"
Talking to the President protoundly confused me. More than
that, i was just plain expressed from running around the offices.
But, not having another way or going on, i decided there was only
one thing to do: Leg it out.
I ran back to the hall registered but determined to act. it
no one else was willing to light crime then regrettably I must do
my duty. I had sword to upload the Student Handbook. I now must
make a student arrest. The only other moral alternative was to be
an accessory to the crime, while myself oil-campus, and live like
a mono reading christine. 0h, application against thee, 0 President.
l called before the door, purchasing my nervous system. I
posted my list, Then, slowly but deliberately, I scratched my
head, Well, maybe it inn’t such a great crime alter all, i thought.
Nobody cards about it Except the alumni. Maybe the roller are for
them. But their visitatioits are imbibing, not illegal. And besides,
why make rules when you’re more logo than parental? But sudden.
ly my Victorian principles vanquished that religious thought,
Think of the sex, i tried, think how awful! I iluiig open the door
resolved In syndicate this marijuana crime.
“Pooh,” my friend Called, raising has tencup. “Cume an int
We’re discussed year in the context oi liable-Existentialism "
l scratched my head. ”EXCUSE me,” I asked, “may i narrow
your connections'l’”
 
Friday. September 22. 1967
SCARtEl AND BLACK
Page Five
.
 
ﬁnd-4M3 dhlES
By KATHY SHEA
Jazz highlights the weekend entertainment scene. Beginning
tonight, Art nodes participated in an informal discussion on jazz
nt 8 p.m, in the Forum united House and will present a solo piano
concert at 10:30 in the Smith Lounge.
Mr. games was Chicago’s ghost important spanish In the 1930’s,
now has his own television Show, and writes for “Downbeat," a
music magazine.
“The Evolution of Jazz” concert in Roberts Theatre at 8 pm,
Saturday portrait tour different areas oi jazz: blues, by buddy
Waters; traditional, Lil garden Armstrong; Chicago style, Art
games; and modem. funky Green.
Lil garden Armstrong comes from New Orleans and gained
fame in the ’ZO’S as part oi King Oliver’s group and tile Wife of
Louis Armstrong. buddy Waters is the rather oi Chicago blues,
In the late 50’s, funky Green populations the below style as an
excellent improviser on the alto tax.
Following the concert there will be a notice hour in the South
Lounge giving everyone the opportunity to meet, question, and
talk to these artists.
Jazz is to be one at the dominant entertainment themes of
the year, according to Miss Georgia center, administrative head at
student activities. in conjunction with this, George Fletcher, 21
Grinnell olympus, has provided the jazz men photographs on dis
play in the Forum women
The success of Ex Loco parental, Grinnell's offecampus coffee»
house caused a slight problem this weekend. Alter 12:30 Saturday
night, more people came than left and the local police received a
complaint about the noise.
The cutieehouse will still be open from 10 p.mr to 2 arm. Friday, Saturday, and Tuesday, but no policy, as yet, has been
worked out with the authorities concerning early morning noise
levels,
On the financial side, a lot of donations were received, but Ex
Loco is still in the hole for the weekend. However, some of the
good is still capable and hopes are high for more business in the
future.
:r rr it
“The Organizer,” 8 1964 italian film concerning a strike at a
textile factory in Turin, Italy will he shown in ARI-l. at it p.mr
Saturday and 10:30 p.m. Sunday, called “a starring and standing
social document," the film is superior directed and automatically
represents the period.
At the Strand, ”The Gnome-Mobile,” a Walt Disney movie
star-ring Walter Brennan will play through next Tuesday. “For a
Few Dollars More,” a Western type picture starring print password plays through Saturday, the 30th.
a e v
The first Bell Telephone your show oi the season presents
several interpretations oi the ancient love story oi women and Ju<
list and will be allows on television at 9 p.m. tonight. Jason towards, Claire Bloom, Carol Lawrence, Anna howto, Larry Ken,
random honda, Erik Bruhn, early Fracci, with Donald Voorhees
and the Bell Telephone Orchestra present live variations on a
classic theme in opera, ballet, symphony, Broadway theatre, and
the words of Shakespeare.
Fans of [he “gains Mutiny” type film will be able to see the
most recent “‘Mutlny on the county” starring carbon brands to
be shown on television at 7 p.m. Sundayi
 
Your Favorite Beverage
lllchllLY’S
sunday-full."
 
pendant
NJNAVS Finsv ouAu‘rv
HEADQUARTERS FOR
blacks, theaters, Sox, Shoes,
clips, society, Bed threads,
hotels, Dresses
Anti fatty Items You Need for College
ALSO
PENNEY CATALOG SERVICE
JUSY CALL 235-6171
WANTED: Two copies each
of senior, junior, and
sophomore class Little
Black Books, Contact party Wiedmnn, ext. 354.
SGHOLABSHIPS
Candidates for Marshall and
phones Fellowships must tile
their applications by October
21 and October 31. respectively.
Interested students should contact Mr. partner (Carnegie 218,
extension 213).
Selection will be handled by
a committee consisting of pro«
lessons Norton, Kissalle, Clottelter, watson and Kintneri
Marshall Fellowships are open
to math men and women;
phones Fellowships are open to
men only.
PEANUTS GGSPEL PREACHED
By ADRIENNE LEMMONS
Mr. Robert Short, author at
The Gospel According to planets, gave a slide lecture and
a person during his visit to
Grinnell last weekend. On leave
from the University at Chicago,
where he is working on his
corporate in Theology and Lita
feature, Short travels throughout the country giving his slide
presentation on planets.
The department oi Theology
and Literature, one of several
new interdisciplinary approach
as to theoretical training at the
University oi Chicago, aims at
t e a c hi n g “literary criticism
from a theoretical point or
view." Short’s preparation for
work in this field consists of
a BlD. in theology from Southern terrorist University in
Dallas and a MA. in English
from nearby North Texas State.
A class at S.M.U. where thu
teacher after illustrated them
logical points with examples
from planets gave Short the
idea for his best-seller, which
he began shortly before starts
log work on his PhD. The books
was not, as is often supposed,
originally a thesis or a class
assignment.
For his doctoral presentation,
he intense to write about brand
paths, showing that the Geo.
man novelist is "more of all
orthodox Christian thunder than
most people think."
Charles Schulz, creator of the
planets strip, is reportedly,
pleased that Short has written
this commentary which he, the
cartoonist, could not content
gently make.
 
lilSlT HARRY’
or
s scout snap
Games — Hobbies — Guns — definition
Athletic Equipment
 
 
Page 5hr
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. September 22. “761
 
GIBSON'S
DISCOUNT CENTER
This Is Where You Buy
The Besi for Less
STORE HOURSl MONDAY Thru SAT. 7:00-8:00
FRIDAY 9:00 70 7:00
Health & Beauty Aids
5 DAY AEROSOL “#38:“
DEODORANT
(2
Reg. Price $1.47 . .
LADY ESTER $382“
4 PURPOSE CREAM
66‘
$2.00 size
PEPSODENT Giliisé’s“
TOOTH PASTE
n..- 47‘
COLGATE IOO oil}???
MOUTH WASH
LUSTRE CREME €13.53?
HAIR SPRAY
I 3 c
Regi or Hard-imHold. 1?: sin ........
SEAMLESS how."
STRETON NYLONS
s... - 57‘
MODESS 48 COUNT °"‘°“
PRICE
SANITARY NAPKINS $127
Special .. ..
WHITMAN, MILK
CHOCOLATE
samples failed candy. Regi $2.25 ......
SWINGER
POLAROID FILM
KLEENEX
FACIAL TISSUE
Decorative box
PRICE
GIISON
$169
GIBSON
PRICE
$147
GIBSON
PRICE
26‘
Everything Al Discount Prices
MUSICAL TUBING: HOSE T0 TROMBONE
By ANN KIRSCHNER
Last Thursday morning, Stuart
semester made “bathroom"
houses into his trombone, hit it
repeatedly With a stick, changed
it across the stage and generally
designated it in favor of a com<
tion car-den hose. Stuart semester loves his trombone,
The occasion was the ﬁrss fine
arts lecture or the year, and
the man commitment these seeking activities is one of the great
trombone virtuosi in the world
His lecture was a preview of
his Concert in Roberts Theatre
on Friday.
Several years ago. Mr. semester decided to take apart his
instrument and rediscover it—
how it is made and all the
sounds it is capable of producing. or. rather, what sounds one
may produce with the aid or a
trombone. Mr, semester does
not really classics the trombone
as an instrument, because “it
just site more." Most oi the
instrument beginning to a tom<
honest (or any brass player) is
the musician's body. Unlike a
violation, who needs his instrument to produce the sounds re
setting from the migration of the
strings, the trombonisl's tool is
his embouchure. the way he
morris his lips to produce various tones. This, and breath con»
tool, IS all that is really needed.
A trombonist would be english to
pay more than $400 for his instrument, Mr, semester observed while having his own precariously in the air. He demonstrated a lipbuzzed selection
from Aida, followed by an except from each's Second Brandenburg concerts, He did concept that the (one was somewhat improved by counseling
the sound through a cylinder,
and alleged the audience with
the same selections on the 1/,"
and 3A" garden homes, respectively.
Undoubtedly, the idea of exploring his instrument Came to
Mr. semester during one or
the trombone’s intermediate
orchestral tests. The classical
computers did not favor the
trombone, although it is the
oldest instrument in the orchestra, having survival in roughly
its present form for 500 years.
At the end oi the eighteenth
century. Beethoven cliaritably
gave it eight notes (count them)
in his Fiilh Symphony, The
trombone was not heard from
again for about twenty years.
It crest into some Mahler competitions, such as “Das died
von Der Erde.” but its contribution is beautifully negligible
The trombone does have signing
Cant roles in the works of such
computers as Tschaikovsky and
visit but according to Mr. temp<
Ster, “the easier the trombone,
the worse the piece.”
The trombone started its du<
books career in the sixteenth
century, gambling the voice in
church music. In the following
century, it graduated to a place
in street bands. As noted bo<
more, it was left pretty much
alone alter that. Mr. semester
claims that the trombone is
“too simple for western music.
People don’t know what to do
with it."
Mr. semester has undertaken
virtually a oneman courage in
commissioners music for the
trombone. The works employ
the opportunities oi the “new
music": electronic synthesis and
discretion oi trombone sounds.
His concert included a solo senate, pieces for trombone and
tape, and a theatre piece.
donate for Solo Trombone
(1961). by earned builds, utilizes jazzrderived material, start»
airlines and authorization. The
quarterrtones can be realized be
cause at the trombone’s slide.
There are seven basic slide positions, and by means or embouchure the trombonist derived
the everyone series from each
position. However, there are in<
finite positions along the slide,
and the trombonist can tlieorelh
calls produce any tone outside
the western dialogue and automatic scales.
Ricercar A 5 for Trombone
(1966), by Robert ericsson,
calls for live prostores. Mr.
webmaster had previously re
worked four parts and accompanied himself with the fifth.
sequence v (1966) by Luciano
mario, is based on the sounds
that compare the word why. it
seemed as if the trombone was
distinctly trying to communiCate With the audience.
Theatre Piece {or Trombone
Player and Tape (1966), by
machine Oliveros, realized visual
and mobile amendment as well
as rural, The drops included
three sprinkler systems which
were caused to estate like pinwlieels as Mr. semester- played
the attached garden homes, and
candles set inside trombone
cells were made to sticker in
the same way. Mr. semester
moved around the stage in pan.
coming to the accompaniment
of an electronic tape, occasionally existing sounds that could,
with some degree of accuracy.
be described as human.
Animus I for Trombone and
Tape (1966), by Jacob mailman, is described by the com.
power as concerning itself with
the relation oi man and the
machine which he created in
his own images It called on
the performer to turn his head
away mm the trombone and
make his own sounds, it might
be said that Mr. semester
really blow his own horn Friday
night.
LONG LECTURES
ON DRUGS
By GORDON CHRISTENSEN
Development and present my
search in drugs was the subject or a lecture presented Tuesday to a small group or faculty
and students by Dr. J. P. Long.
a member of the State University of iowa Medical SchooL
Department oi Pharmacology.
“Pharmacology, the science
of drugs, is a relative newcomer to the medical sciences,"
according to or, Long, and he:
only recently won its full recognition, due mainly to the
achievements of John J. Abel
of Johns Hopkins University.
Little is known or the specific
actions of drugs. The only successful way or testing them is
randomly experimenting on animals. By this method such
medicines as aspirin, penicillin and tuberculin drugs have
been discovered, The greatest
problem in this research is existing the animal to the disease
without existing yourself on
Well.
But research costs money.
Two to ﬁve million dollars of
DR‘IJGS—
(Continued on Page 1)
 
 
SQUARE
cargo
accounts
Welcom-
“gas“ has it! The brightness.
the lightning, the style. The
blair for fashion that puts you
a step ahead of the crowd.
BROWN'S
On Main Street -— printer
 
lday. September 21, I967
SCARLET AND BLACK
Wm. -. , arm» 33.1
Photo by Dick Treunrsnn
Doctor Fﬂﬂky [Josh facts) details his plan: {or improving a fantastic chair he built
for feelings’Dn. (write Schwaller) s New York millionaire.
, tiger _
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Phnla by Dick 'rreumnnn‘
Mrs. Stern (Bonnie winter] asks her checked-game companion Mrs. logan lMicheIle
Sweeney) to guess the contents at the package in An Ear For truth.
 
THREE PLAYS
FOR ARENA
Wellington’s Chair and An Ear
For Truth, two plays written by
Resident Advisor Joe Krausrnan,
will be presented in an Arena
Theatre Workshop Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday (Sept,
26, 27, 28). Krausman will also
direct the plays.
The Rehearsal by Jean Anouilh will also be on the hill,
directed by Actor in Residence
Robert Ingham, with Deborah
Abbutt and Maxwell Hellgutt.
Both or Krausman’s plays involve a mechanical piece around
which the plot turns. The pieces
take on almost human roles in
the interface with the charge
term.
posts for the Krausman plays
include: write Schwaller, Josh
facts, Bonnie winter, Michelle
Sweeney, Phil Miller, Ruthie
Sternherg, Greg alliance, Murray Nelson, Lucy Bluunt. The
Chair, An Ear, and A Mouth.
Tuesday‘s performances will
be followed by coffee and a dis
session of the Krausman plays.
Page Seven
) DRUGS
(Continued from Page 6)
investment are needed tn develop a new drug. And with the
normal life span 0: a drug last.
ing only live to ten years, it
is not surprising, says Dr. Long,
that small drug companies are
disappearing, and schools are
no longer producing new credit
cities. However, industry is carrying on research, and many
surprising developments have
come of it.
Dr. Lung also discussed the
pharmaceutical house, and its
method or discovering, producing, marketing and testing a
new drug. He made it clear
that great care was taken to
ensure that nu adverse effects
at the drug would harm the
individual.
Towards the end of the lace
sure a question was raised as
to the great differences in price
between generic drugs and
brand name drugs. Dr. Long
indicated that the Cost of con<
start research [or new drugs
detailed the high cost at
brand name drugs, and, though
it was possible that the drug
companies would turn over their
research to the government
and manufacture drugs at a
lower cast, he didn’t believe
that government research would
be as regarding as industrial.
Swingline
3?,
07%
Test yourself...
What do you see in the ink blogs'ly
V [1] it sterling steam
Ten dancersl
A rahltitl
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[2] A eastern
A both?
TOT trailers?
(1'01‘ trailers” What in. .J
“Elsi: is a_
Swmglme
The word is out! Ahrv does ill That’s
right. Ahrv delivers direct to North
ﬂampus rooms. And it gets there but
and fast, too. Next/time — don’t
not chapter
started, call Ahrv.
"AHRV"
dthrdaisd's lists
Free Delivery
236—6222
Country junior's
border wool
Shirt Dress
in gold with red and
navy stripes. —
tires 7 to l3
 
Virginia's
,/ 98°
(including men smaller),
super .are due Desk
Staplerenly $159,
Unwnd .try lulunleclii
AI any nsnenery, v-reply, or book “on
gui-MM inc,
LONG ISLAND CITY. N cum
‘begunﬁxo ms a: one pssu “or “lung
my, nuts." armor :maui V 35mm“
an using at”, ma “paul! plea-r am
:Iuaiucl v ‘2, '08s- 51ml nano .mqluw an
uses hat. was: “0K inn para :nqux
V “some .inn. u. “is“ Ms” an“ lung
n55 when uN ,xrssusp nu as... u my
08 new at» m “05 .ix ‘1 =saznusnv,
 
Page Eight
Eliililliliiiliiiiiillliillitllilllilliiiiiillllllilliillliilliiiiilllllllllliiililliiiiiillllllilliiliiiliiiiitiilllltlliiiiiilliillllliliiiliiiiitlliillliliiliiitliiiiiititl '
S & R SPORTS
ﬁllllllliiiiilliiiiilllllllllliiiiillilllilllllllillliillillllllllillliiililllllllllliiiiillliiiltlllllllilliiiitlliiiHIIIHllllllllilliiiiiillllHiIIIllllittliiiitlliiiiili
GRAY MATTER
By BILL GRAY
Monday night brought about a occurrence of the North Campus
Cretin Bowl. Led by the usual campus all-stars, it began as an
exciting selling match institutes by one of the men’s residence
calls. After a series of scathingly original describes whose purpose it was to institute a water fight, a voluntary compromise
was reached as a quick offrtackie was run in the direction of South
Campus. As the drilling, slobbering idiots charged toward the
far-distant goal (to the great relief of those left on North campus
and the great disney of those left on South Campus) some of us
were left to wonder on those arguments which reply that we are
mature enough to take care of ourselves. After this details, it
looks as though printers should be brought back into each room
of North Campus.
Returning to the more legitimate side of North Campus sports,
I. M. football is now in full swing. The games are decidedly
roughly this year with the advert of bag—tag. Most teams seem to
be abidillg by the philosophy, “Pull the flag as you drag them
down but if you can't, just drag them down." More long runs are
in evidence due to this innovation including a 90-yard kick-off return by Phil “The Flash” Berlenthalr There are some things which
never change, however, including Langan losing football games.
They have dropped three games already this year thus stretching
their anti—win policy through at least two and one-half years.
Coming attractions include the annual bowl games which make
the Hatiield~McCoy feed look like a church social. Included Will bu
the oldest of the games featuring liable in the Toilet Bowl with
a new advertise, Smith, and the newest game, the Bird Bowl,
which features Clark and Cowles.
A related word of congratulations to the homes frames of
South Campus who painting walked over the girls from bracelets, 6-2, in ﬁend hockey Eye-witness accounts say it was the
most brutal event on the Grinneli campus since 1000 students tried
to buy their first semester books at the same time.
FOOTBALL
(Standings include Thursday's games)
3—0 Gates 2-2 West
2-0 Cowlea 1-1 watson
3-1 Clark l~l North
Langan
liable
Smith
South
East
.c
Photo by Dick leulnann
srinnell successfully defend. its goal in the kickoff
game at the hockey season last week. The girl: scored a
victory over cleveland 6-2.
Take the Bus and Leave the
Driving to Us
Greyhound Bus Depot
THE VARSITY
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. september 22, T96?
iihhiiiERS WEN FERST MEET
in their first meet of the
y e a r, Grinnell's crossecount
team beat joe, 26-33. Fog, wet
ground, and a detective starting gun happened the winners
and resulted in disappointing
times being posted.
The starting gun never did
fire as the barriers were gallery started several times. The
race finally commented when
someone produced a shuttle to
start them with.
Both the winner and runnerup were from due. Gordon Zubrod won with a time of 15:58.6
on the 3 mile course followed
by template Earl Williams
with a l7:|JZ clicking. Third
place went to Grinnell's Doug
gray in 17:12 followed by Bob
Grant of Grinnell, Jack Gochenouer of the Grinneil cross,
Bob Asbille of Grinnell, Spencer Clark of Grinnell, annie
boston of the Grinnell cross,
GRIDDERS MEET FIRST FOE
By JACK GOCHENOUER
Tomorrow is the first game
of the season for the Pioneer
griddersr In a poll of the conference coaches, St, Olaf was
picked to win the conference
championship. This is roman
row's opponent. Guided by two
year veteran signal called, Paul
Anderson, St. Olaf should be
the toughest test of Coach add
powers’ squad this year.
Success d a p e n d 5 almost
entirely on the play of veterans.
At present there are only two
non-batteries on the starting
teams These are Steve Carroll
and Al Cloud.
powers’ Boys were planned
by an interactive aerial attack
and a learn pass defense last
year that resulted in a 2rd season. ln regard to this powers
stated, "we have been concentration on those two phases of
the game and seem to be making progress. in Lamb, Kraitsik and Weeks, we have three
big, strong running banks if
we can pass well enough to
give them some running room,
we will give opponents’ releases
a lot of trouble."
if this hope becomes a reality Grinnell could improve its
4- record against St. Olaf and
give the students a very cleaning upset victory.
A repeat of Grillnell's 13270
victory over the Des points
Y.M.C.A. in 1892 would be unlikely, howeverr
FROSH HARRIERS
LOOK STRONG
By JEFF SCHECKTER '
Cross-country is at best a
lonely sport and freshmen are
generally the loneliest winners
of all. If this year's irish
squad feels lonely it is only
because they have output every
one else in the race.
Led by Jack Gochenouer, the
ten members of the team provide strong competition for any
opponent. in last week's variety
meet against due, the freshmen
placed two men in the top
eight and came within one
point of mapping the due variety
if their score was counted.
The team members are Jack'
Guchenouer (f i f t h overall
against joe), annie boston
(rights overall), Eric Jahn,
John powell, Tim Power, John
Russell, Bob Fritzlleier. Dim
calendar, Wayne speaker and
Erin written.
The game will be held at
1:30 p.m. at Ward Stadium. An
added attraction will be a
cross-country race that is expected to climax in front of
Ward Stadium during the half
time of the football game.
Eric .Tahn of the Grinnell Frosli,
and teeth place went to a
C09 runner.
In an interview after the meet
Coach Obermiller said he was
particularly pleased with the
performance of his freshman
team. Speaking on the variety,
he said they should have a good
season and are in better shape
now than they were at this
time last year. He picked varies
ton as the overwhelming favu
on'te to win their fifth conseo<
drive conference championship.
Obermiller chose plymouth,K
Cornell, and Grinnell as post
bible runner-ups and a chance
that St. Olaf might be in the
running too.
Tomorrow at 1:20, Grinnell
will host St. Olaf in a four
mile run on the Grinnell course.
The Grinnell Freshmen will 17!
running exhibition.
\—
THE KIBITZER
By JOHN RAZ
Precision spam bidding and Culbertson Asking aids
in general, there are at least two fundamentally different
kinds of bids: bids which give partner information and bids which
ask partner for information, Very often in spam bidding one needed know if partner has the first or second round controls in a particular suit or suits. These are the ages or words, the kings or singletons, the knowledge with which one can decide to sign off at a
safe level or proceed to spam. Thus, very frequently in spam
bidding you need to make an asking bid, asking partner if ha no.
the controls.
The most common asking bid is the Blackwood Convention in
which one player bids 4NT, asking his partner for the number of
his ages. Partner then answers with a step response showing
quantitatively zero. one, two. or three ages. Unfortunately, this
most common spam convention is inadequate for the vast majority
of class, because it does not give publication information (i.e., the
ace of a particular suit) and it cannon monkey the constitutional
Controls (i.e., the words or smgletons) Furthermore, it does not
explore the full possibilities of the asking bid.
Culbertson did. Introduced in 1935, spam asking bids have be
come, along with the complicated step response conventions of
the continental systems, the most efficient way to bid class.
Tile asking bid is an artificial forming bid made in a question.
able Suit in order to find out if partner has control in that still.
Initially, the partnership must have an agreed trust suit.
Any suit that has been bid and raised by partner is an agreed
suit. or two bid and raised suits, the last suit is the agreed trust
suit. After a suit has been agreed upon, any bid in a new suit at
the level of four or higher is an asking bid, and is entirely artificial
and is absolutely forums one round. The member of the partnership who makes the bid then becomes figuratively the director of
the hand since he will finally determine the contract, after which
his partner cannon bid. Thus, one person, usually the professor of
the stronger hand, becomes the decision maker. The responses to
the first asking bid are shown in the following table:
responded’s responses to the first asking bid:
responded
must bid
In outside
suits responded
holds
Anything
nothing
In the asked
suit responded
holds
Nothing
7nd
1nd
A or void
A
sign bit
Sign bit
Ace ct trust Jump trust
Nothing Singio ratio
A 4 NT
1nd 2 A 4 NT
A 1 A 5 Ni‘
2nd 3 A 5 NT .
A Void Jump vetd
2nd A and Void Jump void ‘
A A .fri void Dbl. turns void
2nd 2 A and Vera Dbl. turns void
A: Acct 1nd: King or ringletenr Nothingi not first or send round
control; Anyilnng: either ﬁrss or records Sign gift bid agreed
trust suit at iowoit possible Invol; Jump iruntpt is‘ld Ilnglo .unit
in agreed trust suit; Single rsirer rnir. .reed rain Jump voice
jump white into your void.
(to be continued next week)
Eh—___.
ADDRESS HEREK
 
