THE GRINNELL REPORTER
 
Vol. LXXIV
Grinnell College. erinnell. lawn, Friday, April l4. m7
No. 2!
 
“Planning takes the fun out of life —-"
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IOWA STATE UNIVERSiTY‘S student body president Donald Smith ll
“concern. but definitely not a dynamic politician."
Photo by Susan Kaeser
 
Speak Out begins Vietnam protest
By Mary calcium
“It is necessary to protest because
many Americans would have us all remain silent. I defend protest as a panasonic act and a democratic feature."
tried Alan R. Jones (history) in Thursday afternoon's Speak Out against the
war in Vietnam. The Speak Out calculated a week of active Iacultystudent
discussion meetings and provided t0<
mirror’s demonstration in Des points
Over 100 members or the college community will join in the Des joined
march. Five students plan to march the
35 miles from midway between Grinnell to Des points. beginning early Saturday morning. Others will march from
Anti-anti
demonstration
Demonstrate
By Paul mailman
Several students in disagreement with
the modification against the Vietnam
war stated a counter-demonstration at
the Thursday afternoon onrcampus Speak
Out. They plan to repeat their counter
demonstration Saturday.
pricing objectives to Saturday's Spring
civilization to End the War in Vietnam,
senior Greg Robinson at a Tuesday evening meeting in Clark lounge outlined
plans {or a “modification against th
modification."
Robinson explained to about 30
students. including several “iniiltrators”
from the main modification. that the
counter~mobilizers will hold a lemon
duration when the Spring Mobilizers
leave for Des points Saturday. Several
ccunterdemonstrators will also go to
Des points, he said.
streaming that the counter mobilizers
are not necessarily pro-war, Robinson
explained that they henry the demonstrae
toys’ oversimplitication oi the issues
“concentrations arrive on blackjack—
white issues —- on emotionallsm." he
said. “but the issues area’t that simple.”
See ANTI-PROTEST on Page 1
the Veteran’s Auditorium to the State
Capitol Building in Des points, where a
rally will be held.
The two-hour Speak Out drew a crowd
which filled the ARK auditorium and
included a small core of counter-decor
senators. One diameter carried a sign
charming that protest would pricing the
war. Joseph F. Wall (history) responded,
“You might get an “A” in Marshall
McLuhan's philosophy of ‘the message
is the message, but you will get an “F"
in history,” rating World Wars I and II
as evidence that wars end more quickly
when alternatives to informational sur<
render are suggested. Wall sees the role
or the messenger as one oi offering alternatives.
Ezra Mendelsohn (history) pointed to
a psychological reaction to overexposure
to the war and its mirrors as one of the
factors in campus apache, “One's im-
See MOBILIZATION on Page 3
Outspoken ISU student body president
stars controversy. rights improvement
By Richard Schneirav
Ed. note:
Not to be outdoor hy Lite magazine. The Reporter sent three state
members hitchhiking to units. iowa
to get a rirsthand report on the
turmoil surrounding campus leader
Donald Smith. Besides the reports
on Smith himself, an analysis oi
politics at ISU appears on Page a
and an editorial relating the situation to printer on Page 2.
The most striking characteristic of
Don Smith, president of the Iowa State
University student body. is his sincerityr Despite the qualification and harrassment or the press, despite the present
improvement proceedings, Smith maintains a cancer that is regarding.
Smith is definitely not a dynamic
politician or an effective administrator.
He is not a man of details. He looks
at issues in terms of individuals. not
ideas. Though he is intelligent, he' is ‘
not an intellectual. Thus in explaining
why he is now 8 Students for a Demo—
gratis Society (SDS) member though in
1964 he supported polyester, he said.
“At that time I thought that political
conservation offered the answer to individual freedom. but I found this not
to be true. I found that political con<
servatives are the same people who are
trying to draft me and send me to
Vietnam. which is hardly the way to
protect my freedom."
Smith sends to personality contracts<
tions. Many of his friends are political
conversations. At times it seems that
he dress't really understand all the
criticism and blame that has been helped
upon him. His first reaction is as Don
Smith. not as an SDS member or a
radical. He has probably been deeply
affected by the crisis of the past two
months.
Looking at Smith more closely, one
discovery a thin, sensitive face that
contracts with the original impression.
no is still, in large part, or boy from
smalltown Iowa.
But this simplified takes the international role of the nondoctrinaire pragmatist. “I live from day to day. Planning just takes the sun out or his and
See Sivimi on Page 3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
photo by Susan Kneser
ANN KIRSCHNER LEADS PEACE SONGS at Thursday] Speak Out.
Sign: in background are those of counter demonstration.
Reporter interviews
lSU's Donald Smith
by Richard Schneirov
REPORTER! Exactly What were your.
notices in bringing the pot incident
out into the open. Was it essentialsﬂ
to shock the campus into reality?
SMITH: It was not planned to em.
bargain anybody or anything else.
The story was not broken by.
me and my trust was betrayed by a
reporter who told me she was writing
an article about marijuana. She said
that she wash't going to use any named
and then used my name anyway. And to.
Iowa State Daily is trying to give 323
impression that I deliberately rules
this article which is completely unique.
REPORTER:_Did you ask the Li“
reporters to come to see you?
SMITH: No, they just came and
followed me around {or three days,
REPORTER: Which of the element‘
at your Bill or Rights has gained not
distance by the student senate and
which oi these elements would you hiv‘
priority at oils point? 1
SMITH: Well, they passed the one:
saying that the university could not
tell students where they could live on
See INTERVIEW on Page 5 i
New Senate approved
Bertenihai, Cabinet
Newiyeelected senators and their 0!signals held their first meeting Wednesday
night.
The Senate unanimously approved the
appointment of Phil Bertenthal all
Speaker of the Senate. It also endorsed
appointments to the Executive Cabinet
as follows:
Social coordinator, Dale Dreyfuss
Movies chairman, Sue transit; Foruni‘
chairman, Jim Sebern; Assistant forum
chairman, Ann Kirschner; NSA coordinator, Bill Fisher; SGA treasurer, Rage!
counter,
Students may make application for
the championship of the Foreign Students Board,
CoiHP President Bill Fiigeltaub'
announced that Lee Arbetman has been
selected North Campus social chairman.
MacDowell announced that student:
Will not hold membership on the faculty,
curriculum committee. as the commit.
tee's work is already well under wa.
and the addition at new members soul
cause difficulties. Students may, however. appear before the committee to
express their opinions. it has also been
suggested that seniors meet with they
major department heads to recommends
changes in the department.
milan norton announced Publications
Committee plans for two textbooks in
1968. She explained that this soul
make better use oi people’s parents an
proposed that the cycling sell for $2
in the spring and be restricted to {DIR
may shots. The Grinnell Book would com!
out in the fall. sell for $5. and [nature
candle shots. An editor and business
manager would apply as a team. norton
expressed hope that several people
See SENATE on Page I
 
bag. Two
Editorial . . .
T Grinnall REPORTER
________#_____—.——————————
ISII dictionaries a warning to Grinnell
The situation at Iowa State exemplifies the worst possible one in
which a student government can
find itself. Campus politics are organized around the person of Donald
Smith and the Iowa State Daily.
Various sections strike for power
in the wake of an opportunity incident. The senate seems intent on
provide its power to control the
chief executive elected by the
campus as a whole. In a day and
age when there are so many issues
of importance on which students
could units for construction action,
the Government of the Student
Body at ISU seems intent on waiting precious energy in betty filtering, romantic exercises and instant considering for positions of
political power or mere practice.
Similar rangers exist at Grinnell.
All too often of late there has
been talk of dictionaries in Grinrlell’s recently elected student government. It is no secret that the
Executive Cabinet and the Council
of House treatments display a wide
range of political views. It has be»
come sustainable to characterize
student government leaders as
“liberal" or “conservative,” labels
which achieve significance only
during electoral campaigns, lf at
all. Elections are over. Our student
government represents all the students. Let us get down to serious
business of responsible reform
which is at hand. C A
llllllllllllilllllillllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllllllliillllllllllllllllllIIllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllillllIIilllIIIllllIIIlllllllllllllillllllillllIIillllllilllIIIIllllllmllllilllllllllilllllllm
Openness characterized sex series
News Analysis
By Susan narqulst
This week‘s sex education program
was a receiving exploration or the atmosphere and attitudes on campus.
Large attendance at lectures and active
participation in question periods showed
that students are interested in the Subject and are neither assumed nor uneasy in showing this interest.
The objective viewpoint and prices«
signal ability of the speakers were
most clearly seen in the question and
answer sessions. Both speakers amended
more than an hour's worth of questions
marked by their openings. Students
seemed to have questions more concerns
ing physiology than sociology.
The lectures attempted to cover aspects or the physiology and sociology or
sex assuming little knowledge on the
part of the audience. As a result, the
presentations were quite simple. The
discussions. on the other hand, were
detailed and varied; from anatomy to
psychological functioning oi birth control pills, the ethical and political questions of abortion and the role of built
in sexuality.
More than two hundred students
signed up to discuss the subject and
the idea of a continued sex education
program.
The faculty panel today at 4 pm.
promises to increase the session’s value
by relating the topic more directly to
Grinneil.
lllllllllllltllllllllllliillillllltlltHilliiiiillitillllllUllltlUllillllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillilllllltllillllllilltllllllllltllilllilltlililllttlllitilllllliHilltiltlliillllllllllIIIHllllitllllllttllllltllilllllllllll
Fast on April 21 will
aid japanese refugees
Last semester about sun students participated in a fast to raise money to
geneﬁt japanese refused students. The
effort nested $450 from SAGA.
The Senate has again endorsed a
proposal to have a fast on Friday,
April 21, for the same cause. Signrup
lists will be sent to each hall for std<
cents who wish to participate.
Student sympathizers, led by John
caring dc Mabior, have been able
so far to sponsor eight students in high
schools in Africa, paying $750 annually
for their education. in addition to this,
de Mahior has been making efforts to
false enough money to bring some students to us. colleges. He hopes two
or three students will be able to come
next tall, probably at least one to
Grinneli. He will have raised enough '
money by then to cover room and board
Costs for at least two students. Tuition
will be waiver by the colleges concerned.
Money from the April 21 fast will
mainly be used to refer part oi the
solo transportation cost for each student who comes,
Additional donations can be sent (0
Dean winners (for japanese Refugees).
Hill Contest winners
The annual Hill Speaking Contest was
held Wednesday afternoon, April 12, in
the South Lounge oi' the Forum.
This year's winners are: first, karen
Zimmerman; second, Sandy Hessellnk:
third, Linda butler. The winners in the
men's division are: first, David SChreck;
second, Maxwell Helfgott; third, Ross
ranging.
cylinder to discuss membership
Tuesday evening, April la, at 7 p.mi
in the South Lounge of the Forum, the
Young Democrats will sponsor a polyphonic exchange with late President
John F. Kennedy’s press secretary,
Pierre cylinder. The topic or his dec
sure will be “membership and the Pres
event."
 
The principal Reporter
{formerly the charles & Black)
BPS
member of lh.
nollogials
Pm: 5min
EDITOR .
BUSINESS M
EDITORIAL STAFF
aroars aulron
CHIEF rlloroclm
TECHNICAL IUPERVISGI _
Grinnell college
Grinneii. low.
A weekly lewisﬂver published arch rrlo-y or
the called: year by or: printer compute: on flu-
(left Publications. Represented row- national advertising by national Advenlslng Service. inc.. Collagpiiblishsrs Representative, la :rss 50m steel, New
York 22, my, second class posing: pnld It Grinnell
Iowa. subscription m- 15.00 per school year. not
paid aubscrip nr.
Kmlyna Noni-ion
Susan Wlll
lluold jason, reveals murray.
rnul Nlchmnn, Rich-m Schnelrov
.harry Annou-
sunn )(Iesu
Henry Wllhelm
 
April I4, 1967
Senate in retrospect
By Bond Faulwell
Former Speaker of the Senate
This year has, in many ways, been a
most successful one for a newly reestablished Senate which had to struggle
against the burden or lack nl experience
resulting from last year's experiment
without a senate. Under this senate we
saw the passage oi such items vital lo
student interest as the evolution of com—
en‘s hours and the adoption or a new
court system. However, the real work
of the senate takes place in its committees and not on the floor of the senate
itself. in order to make the student body
more cognitive of this fact, i would like
to deal with a new of the highlights of
the work of this year's committees.
Admissions Committee
I would first like to examine those
committees which were created primarily to voice student opinion to the
faculty and administration. One such
committee was the Admissions committee which worked very closely with DI‘
sector of Admissions Dale Terry. This
committee has been instrumental in initiative a “personal Contact” program in
which Grinnell students contact prospective students over vacation periods and
eat dinner with them when they are on
campus.
other achievements of the group include the compilation of a Tour Guide
Handbook, the revision or the Grinneil
Education pamphlet, and the distribution and population or a freshman queen.
humans to aid Mr, Terry.
particular Affairs
The particular affairs Committee to
operated closely with the Faculty Committee on Educational Policy and curriculum. It related the Course evaluation forms and scanned the Interim
Committee.
Library
The Library Committee also worked
with a parallel faculty committee. They
,saw to it that the library staff removed
books left overnight on the careers and
also made known student interest in
such things as the marketing oi the“story (which is currently being investigated).
Food and Wages
Sometimes however, ii appears that a
senate committee is fitted against other
groups on campus. Such was the role or
the Senate Committee on Food Service
and Student Wage Scales which caused
the raising at student wages from 3.35 to
the present 31.00-51.25 scale (which will
soon reach the $1.50 minimum prescribed by the 1966 amendments to the
Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938).
Book Store
Another group that opposed an existing campus institution was the Book
Store Committee. Through its efforts a
student is now on the book store staff,
more specific departmental books have
been ordered, and (at least for the second semester) the problem of created
check-out lines was associated with the
interim period being used for the purchase of books. The committee has also
pointed to the need for a larger book
store and walker prices for the drug
store items offered for sale.
Student Services
Some senate committees aimed at
providing student services. The Student
Used tools Store committee supplied
books to the student body at prices car
lower than the book store and also paid
car more in buying them.
The Counseling Committee also stroke
to improve the life oi the Grinnell student, This committee unlimited student.
faculty, and administration opinion on
the adequate of the present psychological counseling services available. It
made known to the administration student feeling on the inadequacy of the advisory system on South Campus and the
need for psychological facilities in Grinnell itself. The committee also brought
a psychiatrist, Dr. Harold Balikov, to
campus for consultation about counseling needs. Finally, this committee
integrated what it thought were the
specific responsibilities or each level of
counseling open to the student body.
The Radio Station Committee studied
the role at a campus station, the type 01
programming it would offer, the space
needed for it, and its cost. The study
showed that a campus radio station can
be a reality, it there exists an available
source of funds.
Transportation
The Transportation committee realized
a student questionnaire and a careful
love igatlnn of existing transportation
facts its to make several recommendations to the administration. Chief among
these were the security of a new bus
for the college community, more College station wagons and the employment
of a private rental service for students.
The National Student Association
Committee continued to Carry out such
vital responsibilities as the character
flight to Europe, NSA insurance, representation at major student conferences
and the providing of NBA information to
campus organizations.
Finance
The only permanent senate committee,
the Finance Committee, budgets SGA
funds. In addition to this vital responsibility, this year the committee made
recommendations to the senate to ap
programme money from General Budget
and Reserve for activities and events of
importance to the student body, This fri—
closed such things as approximately
money for the Sex Education Program,
Interim, the Midwest Model United Nations, and the Indian Musiciansi
 
Weekend Social Events
Couples attending the gale Spring Formal will sit down to the Dithyramb
Formal Dinner in the Quadrangle Dining
Room before attending ii concert or
the New York Woodwind printer in R0herbs Theatre at B p.m. and the 9 o’clock
dance in party. Trombonist Si weather,
whose orchestra is providing music for
the dance, has formerly played with the
Les Brown, ilarry James and Jimmy
jersey bands.
Miss Mary would (senior) has composed all the cad e n z a s in Mozart's
“Piano concerts No. 2i in C Major"
which she will play for the orchestra
concert tonight at 8 pm. in Roberts
Theatre,
Cartoon ideas of rules Feiier and
limitations of short stories will be pre«
center for the Coffee House drama at
10pm. tonight. Miss bobby Pannwitt,
Miss trends Thomas, Rick Schmiechen,
Bill clinton and John files are producing the program in connection with
Richard Meyer's (speech and theatre)
acting and direction class.
The movie, “The World of cpu," will
be shown at 10 pm. Friday and 9 pm.
Sunday in ARI-i.
Coming Up
Bob Lucas, called for the New Student
Days square cancer, will be called for
I WRA radio talking square dance
next Friday, April 21. at 8 p.m.. ill
party symposium.
 
Friday. april 14. I967
The Grinneii REPORTER
no. not.
 
} civilization
(Continued from Page 1)
message reaction is to push tale paper
away and not believe it,” he said. He
also cited a traditional American attitude
which leaves foreign policy decisions to
the experts, The third problem IS the isolation and academic orientation of the
college itself. Mendeisohn concluded that
”It is this sort of thing (the Speak Out)
that's needed at Grinnell to get people
out of the apache trap and into the arena
of political action."
organizing ol the Speak Out intend
to term discussion groups to continue the
study or U.S. foreign policy in Vietnam.
Laurie Woods, spokesman for the group,
also anticipated a “Beln” on Central
Campus this Spring. She described it as
“a conducted atmosphere for talk and
free relations among people. It's not a
situation that is defined by our society,
so there is no set way or reaching. it's
just it happening — you Come and be."
Over 500 colleges, universities, and
high schools, plus 100 linux Indians will
take part in the Spring civilization
to End the War in Vietnam. The Stu<
sent civilization Committee estimates
that this will be the largest student
demonstration yet against the war.
Similar concentrations are being
planned on computer across the country.
For example, students from the University oi Chicago will demonstrate at the
cisco napalm plant. At San Francisco
State College, movements have begun
to protest campus complexity with the
draft, to english ROTC and bar CIA
recruiting from the camping
} uni'l protest
(continued from Page 1)
“There are many facets of the war
the public is not aware at. All we can
do is vote for representatives who we
feel are intelligent, reasonable and re
sponsored individuals and then put some
faith in them."
“You cannon run a government from
the grass roots level," Robinson continued. “The government has to be
somewhat secretary."
The countelrmubilizers also feel the
main demonstration Will only hurt their
own cause of Vietnamese peace by
covering the mobile of the American
troops and giving entertainment to
canon.
“They’re not going to accomplish my
thing." Robinson continued. “They
won’t change the opinion or the State
Department—or the lows legislature."
1757 SUMMER JOB CATALOG
Start your com-r this summ-r with a
map» u.s. corporation. Excellent saint r.
morning him m. looks ups gr
milobl. THIS SUMMER for in... mi
women students. Send $2.00 today not
Amer. Ann. of Cnilaq- student, 30
North LaSoIis, Chicago, illinois sum.
Air continued
SERVING 14 KINDS OF
PIZZA
Hours
Mon. Niru SnL _
4 pin. to l in.
Sun. — 4 pan. to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Serving {want 5 p.nt. to 1 pm.
Spaghetti
Salad
to... $125
Coffee
PHONE 236-533]
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
'21 Broad — crime“
Wilhelm photo exhibit
at University of low
A sitemap show of 60 recent photographs by tumor Grinnell student
Henry Wilhelm is currently on display
at the University of solve in Iowa City.
The exhibit, which will run through
April 22, contains a selection of nor
trails, natural scenes, nude Studies, and
journalistic photographs. Several oi the
photographs appeared in the last issue
of NOUS and a number of them Will
appear in the 1966 textbook, Grinnell
College - 1966.
The show is hanging in the main
lounge at the iowa Memorial Union.
Wilhelm is offering prints from the show
and most other photographs he has
taken for sale at a price of $10 each
He feels the world in the show “represents significant achievement in several
different aspects oi photography” and
forms a probably basis for future work.
Wilhelm Is now resident in Grinnell
after having been discussed from the
college for academic reasons. He plans
to do serious work in photography on
his own for at least a year “to see
what sort of potential I have,"
} Senate
(Continued [mm Page 1)
would apply for the editorial team since
she feels this Is probably the textbook’s
only chance to make a comeback
Senate business for the next year in.
closed plans for a series or collectible position papers on sex, alcohol,
student government, the possibility of
I bar in the Forum, and Di SGA sub<
side oi the Ex Loco parental files
house. MacDowell also mentioned the
possibility for a new counseling system
in which students would replace faculty
as understand advisors and each hall
would have a faculty member as a
nonresident advisor.
There Is a possibility that the radio
station will be subsidiary by the SGA.
The station will need approximately
$3000 to get started and $1000 each year.
Rather than increase student 1285, duo<
powell has suggested obtaining the
funds from the surplus in the treasury
of the Foreign Student Board The
Board receives Its money from the SGA
commission on the Pepsi machines.
According to agreement, this fund must
be used for the benefit of Grinnell
students, but need not be used exclusively
to bring foreign students to the campus.
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—u! 722V: Mail.
The earliest
salaries
in Town!
For
year-round
Service see . . .
COLLIIM’S
WI hub lo no peopk way. Even
our competitors. II'I iusr that our
product II so good. You know wine!
In mean. It memory also had
our recipe and we had their!
we'd cry tool
“Ann"
nirvana's Pizza
Fru Delivery 236-6212
ALL OF A SUDDEN —
iT'S SPRING
Shop CUNNINGHAM DRUG
for the Newest in
"' EYE MAKE-UP ESWivi‘iiin
"‘ SPRING SHADES OF LIPSTICKS AND
NAIL ENAMELS
* BLUSH ONS
"‘ SPRING FRAGRANCES
You will find A" the advertiser commodity at our drug glory.
/
DlAL236>315l D R U G
GRINNELL'S BUSIEST DRUG STORE
927 ‘4TH AVE
 
The Grlnnoll REPORTER
NORMAN THOMAS SPEAKS WITH A GROUP OF STUDENTS of
Friend: World Institute at the non
party-ho-person contact and app.
island arthur. The retail atrouea
union at learning to the relevant
problems at the world community. ”Campulel" hay. been or m pr.-
.daily being established in several countries including lnclia, Mexico. sw.
den. and julia.
photos by John Phillips
Former Grinnellian finds challenge in
truly liberal education of Friends' college
by John F. Phillips
Ed. Note:
John Phillips was discussed from
Grinnell It the end of last year for
“academic response" During his
three years here he was involved
wltlt the textbook and the newspaper
and last year he was realtor/photographer of the 1m textbook.
Alter leaving Grlmell he chose to
attend the Friend: World Institute
because of its “realistic look at life
Ind education."
Phillips commented, “it is the application of one‘s education that is
really Important in tile. Knowing a
[rent dell and then not being able
to apply it to one's life and comes—
city is an educational failure."
Phillips is now with the school in
Mexico where they are living in
small groups in remote villages.
learning the language and moves of
the image-
Some or Phllllp’a photographs are
currently being considered for use In
a story about the school in Made
michelle magazine.
' “She looked like a file of tags, lying
there an the firewall. We almost kept
on walking, even after we realized she
was a human being. That’s a strange
improve to have felt, wanting to leave
her there. Perhaps we personalized that
she was drunk or else dead or that
someone else would come along soon.
Maybe we just didn't want to get involved. It took a lot of courage to walk
over and bend down and see if she
was breathing, The smell of alcohol
was very strong. Good thing we stopped.
lodging from the dried blood no one
else had stopped for quite a while and
might not have for quite a while to
come. It was 3:00 in the morning. A
chilly morning. She had apparently
Itumbled on the relating firewall,
striking her head as she fell. We got
her address out of the purse she held
In her half delicious grip. it was hard
to guess her age. She looked very old
and very'tired. With our help she was
able to walk. after a fashion. tel- as
partners was about two blocks away.
As we walked along, she began to
talk, nut to us, but to God — “Why
did you take him away from me, we
had so many good years together, he
said life in America would be better. . .
and we got along. . .it was hard but
we were happy. . .and then you took
him after I played to you to take me
first. . .please let ma die. . ." Not
without difficulty we got her into her
apartment and into bed. We washer
her face. The head out didn't appear
to be very serious. She was able to
thank us, after assuming herself that we
had appreciated the wedding portrait
on her dresses of what had once been
a truly hardcore couple. We then
found ourselves back in the middle of
harley. But we women’t quite as skilled
as before, nor nearly as tired."
The above is an excerpt from the
journal I keep as a student at Friends
World Institute FWl pages its student:
to keep some sort of record of their
"intellectual growth." This journal can
take just about any form that the nudist wishes and constitutes the only
formal written requirement the school
imposed on its students. Just what I
and the two girls that accompanied ma
learned that night is hard to say Perhaps I learned how dangerously teaching it is — how easy it is — to avoid
involvement, to ignore the humanity
that lies beneath that file of tags across
the street. Surely i learned how full
having it is to recognize that humanity,
even in so small a way.
tlllillllllillllllilllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllillilllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllll
5 dollars for 3 days
lIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
The kind of painful but fulfilling canon'citation with conference that l have
described happens to everyone from
time to time regardless of who they
are or where they go to school. The
difference with FWI as a school is that
it wants this kind of thing to happen
to its students and, as lunch as pos
bible, provides for it. As part of our
study of “problems on the city level"
each student in my class (about to girls
and 22 boys) spent two to three days
living in Manhattan with a total .01 $5
to spend per person for food and lodging
Well armed with emergency addresses
and telephone numbers, we Set off to
discover, however briefly, the less
pleasant and most often ignored aspects
of this ultimate example of a metropolis.
My little group of three decided to
walk the streets for 24 hours or so to
get at least a taste of the eternal
struggle for life that the over 7,000
homeless of Manhattan know as their
entire existencer it’s the kind of thing
that’s hard to get through locations
description alone. it may even sound .
horny. But try it and you may dis—
cover as you finally sit down for a
map in Grand Central station (go to
sleep in about 30 seconds and the political tells you to produce a train
ticket 01' get the hell out of there)
why a lot of people don’t like copy. i
mean, like, he was a real battery, he
didn't even understand at all when I
said that it was all a sort of game
and we really had nice clothes at home
and parents with lots of money and
We'd been walking for hours and hadn’t
been eating very well and Laura is
REALLY expressed and its just a game
and can't we stay here for just a half
nndhour and then... ,
The faculty at FWI call this sort of
thing a "learning experience
school believes that the most basic and
universally understood knowledge has to
be individually discovered to have any
realistic meaning. Before visiting New
York City we spent several Weeks in
our seminars discussing “the city" as
an abstract concept. We heard a number of speakers, were exposed to an
appropriate reading list, and saw a
number of films dealing with the city.
We learned funny, silly, little thingsli
for instance, the whole population of
the United States could live in the metropolitan area of New York City in the
buildings already existing there if they
were distributed at the same density
in which people ARE living in certain
blocks of harley. Then we went to
harley. . . .
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlll
7 computer around the world
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllll
FWI went into actual operation not
quite two year- Ago under the auspices
of the New York Yearly Meeting, Religious Society of Friends. it won the
brainchild almost seven years before
of the Westbury (Lang island) Friends
Meeting. The guidelines set up by the
New York Yearly Meeting calculated
that FWI be: 1) A four year liberal
arts college Quaker in spirit; 2) A
world college, international in character and outreach. in 1965 the State of
New York granted to rwr a promotional
charter which lists for five years, our»
ing which time the school is being developed into Friends World College.
Degrees granted during the time that
FM is not officially a college will
he alternatively dedicated when FWI
receives a college charter. Rather than
having a single campus, FWI will ultimately have seven computer in different parts of the world. Each student
will attend each of these Campuses for
six months and then return for the last
semester to his original campus to com-
late a final thesis or project concerned a specific subject he has become interested in during his travels and previous study. Ultimately it is hoped that
classes will eliminate from each of these
seven different computer, However, for
the present all classes are beginning
from the North American Center lo
rated near Westbury, New York, in
an old reserved air base known as
kitchen Gardens, Headquarters of FWl
are at narrow Hill, Long island at the
home of the director, Morris Mitchell,
Fridayr April l4. nu
former director of Putney Graduate
School. I’m writing this in Cuemovace,
Mexico. At present there is no Mexican
campus as such. Our time in Mexico
is being spent between studying Spanish
and Mexican history at the Institute and
direct living experience in indian villages in addition to study trips to sur.
mounting points of historical and intellectual interest. During the next three
years the schedule of my class at FWI
includes study and travel in Eastern
and Western Europe, Russia, Austria,
Kenya, India and Japan.
A new class begins at the North American campus every six months under
the present schedule. I'm in the third
class. The first two Classes are in
Europe, presently, while the fourth is
still at the North American Center on
Long island, The classes have varied
in size, operating around 35. As planned they will gradually get larger
until reaching a maximum of around
100 students per class, half boys and
half girls. FWl was started as an ex—
horizontal college and certainly hash’t
left the experimental stage, At times
this is hard on students and faculty
alike. but it makes FWl an exciting
place. Anything can happen, While
the second class was traveling through
the southern United States in Volkswagen
buses studying racial problems and the
South in general, they temporarily
dropped their work or votes registration
in delta, Alabama to observe (and
participate in, as it times out for the
majority) the Meredith March through
Mississippi. The journals of the several
FWl students who were fear passed in
canyon, Mississippi make very inter»
eating reading. The fourth class of FWI
which is still based on the North Amen
loan campus on Long Island has just
recently altered its schedule to provide
for three weeks of working effectively
on the planning and organization of a
major national peace demonstration sat
for the middle of April. The school ll
negotiation for a castle in Austria for
the permanent European center. There
have even been rumors that future
classes may sail a small schooner from
Florida to Acapulco in order to get
to Mexico. I worlds't be surprised,
anything can happen at FWl. . .Wheyi
traveling we camp out whenever possible and do our own cooking. For
longer stays such as our present month
in Cuemavaca we stay in groups of one
and two with local families. phil makes
for a good experience: it's also finder
cialis efficient, making possible an allinclusive tuition of $2.800 per year. Th.
American Friends Service Committee
provides invaluable information and as.
distance for FWl in foreign countries
ls well as in the United States.
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllill
Marine biology study
while living on boat
Illllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
For three weeks before coming to
Mexico my class lived on a motor
boat in Miami, Florida studying Marina
bloIOgyr taking advantage of the many
Marine Museums and laboratories in
that area and getting a taste of the necessity of cooperation and cleanlinesa
when living in close quarters The ship
was a lightning research vessel and
was offered for temporary use to our
school during the “nonrstormy” season.
In addition to several hours of classic
and seminars every day, numerous
short study trips, and the charitable
reading lists and available books (always
encountered but never required), we
were given the opportunity for skin
and SCUBA diving and observed several concentrations of artsﬁdial lightning amendment. To get from Miami
to Mexico City each student in my clan!
was given a plane ticket to Houston,
 
Friday. April it. um
i. .
340, the usual supply of emergency addresses and telephone numbers and one
week. The class split into small groups
to travel beyond Houston, some taking
a week to get to Mexico City and some
going directly. Several students pitch
liked, and the rest took buses. Students
such as myself who code in buses be
came well impressed with the necessity
of learning Spanish for efficient survival in Mexico. Crossing the border on
foot with bookmarks and then getting
proper bus connections to Mexico City
required some fancy dictionary-page
shipping for “non»Spanish speakers"
such as myself.
illliiiilliiiililliiillliiilllliiilliilillllllllllllillillilllillillliiiIllliiilliiiilllliiilllliilliliillliiill
Everyone I: oq uaf
lillllllilllllllllllllilllllllllliillllllllllilllllllillllillllllillllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllililllilli
The concept of each roll class as
I community is strongly arrested, This
is not only an efficient necessity since
each class is independent of other
classes, truly living as an independent
unit for four years, but it is a venue
mental learning experience of itself.
How can one expect to work toward a
world community until one has learned
to truly act out of love towards one’s
neighbor? As much as possible in a
given cultural context, our class attempts to template itself as a social
entity. We've spent more time in "community meetings" than in any other
collective activity. For many this has
been the most significant experience
thus far. Following someone else's rules
without considering their foundations
is the easy way out A FWi community
meeting is carried out “after the manner of Friends." Every one is equal;
everyone has a voice The issue is dis—
closed. REALLY discussed. until the
“sense" of the meeting is achieved.
True communication is almost like
magic it eliminates the need for ever
voting on an issue. After honest discussion the decision, if one is required,
is obvious to everyone. Someone may
well disagree with a decision arrived
at in a meeting but they'll recognize
through the discussion why their opinion
cannon and should not he accepted by
the rest oi the meeting. cordless to
say, these meetings are often long and
difficult, but they're regarding.
After leaving Cuernavaca in the next
few days my class will divide into two
separate groups, going to two different
small and relatively observe Mexican
villages We will assist with work pr0<
)acts already begun in these villages
under local leadership. in the case of
my village, this will mean building a
road which means carrying trusted
rock from a nearby quarry and spreading it on the reached. My village will
'who Gtinmii REPORTER
have no electricity, 3 minimum of
water, and a population of about 1.500,
the majority of whom have never been
exposed to North Americans in any
form. We'll be living in adobe hits and
cooking our own meals.'For six weeks
we’ll have direct and inescapable exposure to the consistency level of living
shared by twothirds of the population
at the world. We will be teaching classes
of art and English in the local school
and, in general, having an experience
not unlike the Peace Corp. Because my
special interest is in photography I look
forward to this village experience as a
unique change to ultimately portion in
photographs as much as possible, the
essence of pendant culture in Mexico.
IiiHIIIHlllliliillllililliiiilliliillliiiillliilllliiilllliilillltiilllliiilllliilllliiillliiillliiilllliillti
Camping In
New Hampshire
IllillllliilllililllliilllliilllliiIllliiiilllliilllliilllliilllllillllliillllliIlllliiIilliiIlllliiillliillliii
During the first semester at FWI my
class spent a week camping out in New
Hampshire just when the leaves were
turning. This was a quiet and beautiful
trip as well as an educational one; it
calculated a series of seminars back
at kitchen Gardens on Man and Nature
and intelligent users natural resources.
on this “New England Study Trip" we
called near an experimental forestry
station and attended seminars concerned
specifically with forestry conservation,
This was a helpful time with lots of
copies of garden available, singing
around the fire at night and lots of
free time for individual meditation. It
was an experience on many levels; I
watched servers working on a dam and
learned how to price a tree; i learned
how valuable servers are and the necessity uf pricing for proper forest conservation and most important or all,
1 learned that forest production over
most of the world could be coupled
and consistent production in the future
guaranteed by the mere application of
already understood techniques of forestry conservation. We run into that kind
of thing quite often at FWl, an aware
news that in any number of contents
the sacrifice of an extra bit of effort
combined with a proper bit of knowledge can provide for the future welfare
of banking rather than lGNORiNG it.
perhaps after four years at FWI all
that l'll really be aware of for sure
is that two things of the population of
the world is barely survivors from one
day to the next simply because of
hunger, and disease, while the other
third of the world has the means of
both helping to correct this situation
and of literally describing the whole
world. But of course. , .everyone knows
that. . . . in its applied philosophy of
A COMMUNITY MEETING
or awards
AND FACULTY
during the
school's visit to
Florida. Friends
World insti.
into, it n i i it e
Grinnell, makes
a serious attempt to create a real community or all
those arsoeiai.
ed with the
fell-col: social
"reguidii o n r“
a i. d academic
planning at.
considered to
be vital community concerns.
Photo by
John Phillips
education, however, FW! makes an interesting distinction between knowledge
and awareness; KNOWLEDGE is what
you have when you’ve answered facts
and theories while AWARENESS is what
has happened when an individual is
somehow motivated to act on his knowledge in a rational and human way.
Awareness has an extra and almost
mysterious element: you might call it
edition, or even love. i . FWI is
dedicated, as an educational institution,
to the increased awareness of its students to the very real problems which
presently face banking. At the same
time, FWI hopes that its students will
become motivated to achieve in whatever way they are able, the hard facts
required for the execution of the specific discipline through which they want
to express their “awareness." This is
opened recognized as one of HIV:
major problems at present. While the
“freedom” from requirements is considered a necessity for a student's
growth to be correctly motivated and
for him to learn to TRULY think for
himself= this freedom demand: of the
“l
' Page hiv:
student the majority to develop self»
discipline with regard to his field of
special interest. in light of this lt’o
anticipated that a more formal education
may often follow the FWI experience
The beauty of this, however, is thai
such graduate study will be shared to
specific ends and motivated by individualistic and humanities ideals rather
than being executed out of cabin as an
address extension of a formalized undergraduate pattern which has often been
motivated by little more than a desire
to achieve an arbitrary social answer
financial status defined by parents and
contemporaries FWI believes that one.
takes a real chance to promise himself
that he will act on his knowledge in a
truly construction and unselfish way
after receiving a formalized education,
Uninvolvement is a difficult cabin to
shake. In the words of director, More
rss Mitchell, FWI is a school designed
to produce “agents of social change"
and in the process teach the "joy of
purpose.” The JOY of purpose. If you
can give someone these sorts of order
nation then formal. traditional education
will become a means to specific ends
and not a "necessary evil" or even
worse, an end in itself. The problems
that our generation faces, if it once
face them, are war, race preceding,
waste of natural resources, hunger.
housing, education, population explosion, pollution of air and water, poverty
amidst afﬂhence and in general, a disastmus intolerance of and accessibility
to both local and foreign cultural patterns which in any way deviant from
the familiar. These problems are the
subject matter of FWI. The fact that
students in general in the United States
have one of the contest and least residential voices of any student group in the
entire world is threatening testimony to
the synthetic and often times copyright spanish attitude that American education is giving to its products. Ever
increasing influence in the US. is used
as a sort of performed excuse for ever
decorating green rather than being taken
as a responsibility and opportunity for
the purchasing of the humanity of men
everywhere Whatever disadvantages
its approach may involve FWI hopes to
avoid this trend and give to its std-
cents an awareness at the truly code
structure potential of both wealth and
knowledge.
 
 
 
 
 
 
AN OUTDOOR DARKROOM IN CUERNAVACA, MEXICO — [L in R)
John Phillips, Laura Jones and store wait, all students at FWI. A basic
educational in of of isle school it in develop
individual parents and
ofentiai capabilities of each student in I way that best suit! him. philips lo. been working in photography and creative writing so well al
regular curriculum stories iii . are no "grades" given to student. or
ill- , school. - ' ’
 
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Friday. April i4. my
 
Photo by jury Anemia
DOUG MAY HITS TH! TAPE at the and of n cold, buddy one mile run.
For All Your
SMOKING
SUPPLIES
Pioneers second in cold. wet meet
The Pioneer track team ran up 80
points Saturday to finish second in a
triangular meet with due and Grace
land, cleveland took the meet at Ward
Field with 82 points; due scored 40.
Cold, daily weather and a buddy track
showed dawn times and happened per—
variance.
Leading the Pioneers was sophomore
char evening, who took three ﬁrats
and two thlrdsi Thor sun the pole Vault.
at 9’3", the high jump at 6'0”, and
the 440 intermediate handles with a time
of 61 seconds, He took things all the
long jump and 120 highs,
Doug gray led the distance men,
winning the mile in 4157.1 and the two
mile in 11:05.1 pic McDowell took the
880 with a time of 2:12.3l The crime“
mile relay team won with a 3:513.
REPORTER BUSINESS MANAGE!
Applications for business manager
of The Grlunell Reporter are due by
Monday, April 17. Letters 0! applied
lion should be addressed in Dr. Benjr
min F. Graham (biology). channel
OI the Board at Publications No special form I5 required. For further confirmation 530 Susan Wlli (Ext. m or
240).
Jon russell placed in three events,
taking courses in the MO and triple
jump, and second in the long jump
Bob Watt took things in the pole Vault
and 440. Rich Weeks took third in dis—
cut and second in javelln.
The team runs at the Cornell delays
tomorrow.
u- t a
The Pioneer freshman track team was
detected by joe, 32-55, last Saturday.
words Abel mm the 220 with 3 25A,
and the TOO in will Art Andrews took
the high jump at 5'6” and finished
second in the 120 highs, long jump and
triple jump.
Other Grinnell Winners were Ralph
Graham, with an 8'6" pole vault, Jack
Rued with a javelin throw of 106' 3A",
and Steve Carroll, who turned the di5<
cut.
FOR SALE
PENTAX H I-A
with llsmm IL! lutenutln III-pilot»
1.... .nd 35mm in mm In“. All
with anal and all in “full-M condition.
5150
Ball: wlillnm Pnllak l-jul
WAYNE'S STEAKHOUSE
"the sex"
restaurant —cocktail lounge
speaks
Hell in the Theater
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
muscle Down To The
VARSITY
"7 proud
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
DISCOUNT (ENTER
Evening In Pﬂall
STICK DEODORANT
Twin Pack
$2.00 Value 57¢
HALO SHAMPOO PLAYTEX
$1426 Value ¢
77 GLOVES
NORWICH ASPIRIN my,“ 57¢
250's 4-9uarf
m v.1.” 44¢ 51.39 Value 73¢ 27¢
IERGEN'S LOTION MODESS Or KOTEK
With FREE percent completion Bar Package el 48 military hopkins
ma 64” m, SIZI
ULTRA BRITE
TOOTHI’ASTI
King Size
053 Value 49¢
Hulr Dressing
Men's Br ladies'
$1 288
Round Styrolounl
ICE BUCKET
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
GROOM & CLEAN
STORI
HOU RSI
".09 Value 66¢
HELBROSE WATCHES
9 mm. to 7 sun. Frlduy
9 «.m. M 8 p.m. Mom. Tues.
Wed.. hours. cal.
STYLE HAIR SPRAY
Glam flu — IT 0|.
31," Value 69¢
ALKA-SELTZER
67c Value 43¢
COPE
60‘s
‘1." Value 69‘
8030 BUBELES
BUBBLE BATH
wm. Plastic known Tc]
31.00 Value 57¢
 
Friday. April l4. ml
The Grinnall REPORTER
Page Seven
 
Batman lose two at joe l
The Pioneer baseball team
went to Cedar Rapids Tuesday,
looking {or their first win of
the season. instead, they found
themselves on the short end at
both games of the doubleheader
with (Joe,
The Kohawks held the Pinneers fitness in the first game,
winning 50. The nightcap featured a 17-5 scoring marathon
with the Pioneers on the bottom.
holders carol
opening lil'l's
The Grinnell golf team
dropped its ﬁrss two matches
last Friday. Central was via
various ill/ray2 and brake won
101/2414.
Bill Gray was the only wine
king Pioneer. Gray tied his
brake opponent 80-80, and beat.
his Central advertise 80-82.
Other point—letters for Gn'ii—
well were Bill Lee, Who picked
up one point against Central,
Dave Shelienbarger, who scored
half a point against brake, and
John henderson, who took half
a point in each encounter,
(There are three points per
game; one each for best out 9,
best in 9, and best total in
Points are split for ties.)
Steve Brennan, brake‘s first
man, covered the links with a
69, thing the Grinnell Country
Club intercollegiate record set
last year by Shelienbarger.
Bill Lee, one of the three
batteries on the squad, has
since designed from the team.
The holders play Knox tomorrow at Galesburg, iii.
“’I‘Hosz WHD rows women harvest
and mail productivity [or the dim.
mention ol human misery and know
plant the presentations are i) decisions
stability, and 2) economic freedom,
will be oirrppoinroo not or the
tools. exclusively defined by the
Pope in hi: new ”critical, but by
the runertrd one-nr, industry
and lellrdelgnlinlr union ii top—
lower would have Ilia contrary
select to that
derived by tnir
r'intense Ind l-old
For . lrrr tupy M n.
(intent inn- ol NA.
VIONAl REVIEW, wril.
to Dept. cm, is”.
as so. N. V. IO, N. V.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
her... iron air- Part julie-
Gieg Dean went the seven
ending distance in the first
game, giving up only five hits,
and striking out ten men.
Dave Schatz started in game
two, giving up 11 runs before
being replaced by Dick Schneider in the third. Dick finished,
giving up 0 more.
Grinnell scored in three ratings. in the third, Ron button
walked, Keri angel got on on an
error, and Bob seller singles
them in. In the sixth, Jim Se<
here singles, Schatz walked,
and Schneider singles, bringing
Sebern home. In the seventh,
Dean printed and seller hit a
home run.
The formed me at home this
weekend, with a doubleheader
against Cornell today, and a
single game with Knox tumor<
row.
FOR SALE
smrr sound"; glory covered marine keyword. Beautiful
mahogany dock: nylon .rilr. In
excellent credits with so lb.
board to make minimum weight.
isoooo. Trailer available it do.
tires. Frank is. Amblour Nevrsr, Iowa mon.
Tennis raised out
April showers have kept the
Pioneer tennis team off the
courts for their first two one
arguments. Saturday’s matches
with plymouth were raised
out, but the scott had already
left for Grinnell, The teams
played exhibition douglas in
party Gym, and the Grinnell
team or Ralph grant and John
Porter was mysterious. Because
of Scheduling conflicts, the two
teams will not play each other
until the conference meet.
Wednesday’s games with Knox
were contained until April 29.
The jacket men will play Ripun
today and Lawrence tomorrow,
at Grinnell.
Drug statement:
The drug statement issued
from the Dean's Office before
spring access suggested that
Grinnell students inform theory
serves short drugs and drug
usage. Recently a series oi
papers train the Chicago Drug
Congress was released to all
members of the AWS board and
the CotHP.
Five copies have been put on
reserve in the Library and are
available for general student
use One recommended article
is “Drug Use and Student
Values" by professor Kenneth
decision or Yale University.
All The New
SPRING
THINGS
a’i
POYNTER'S
4th Ave. sessions
Where There's
Something New
Every Day
Patronile Our Advertiser!
Headquarters For:
1
W
(demands)
Jun... 5. ....--
HOUSES . SKIRTS
swrarriis . DRESSES
9
GRINNELL NEWTON
E. J. JENSEN. 0.0.
amourinisr
Eyes Examined
Contact lenses
Actors [porn Post 0"ch
grid?
MOTHER’S DAY
CARDS
for Sunday, May 14
Book 'n Card
We make
delicious
cookies
Hansen's DANISH MAID makers
.WM-x
8h
all-American
favorite
BUTTON-DOWN
CHAT SHIRT
”’Wmﬁﬁﬁh.
The traditional way to summercomiort find good looks . . .
the short sleeve, authentic, buttonsdown coat shirt failures
by Mceregor. it's an alllxrnericsn favorite in oxford leave'
cotton powered for a trim appearance. In solid color: for
I tutorial summer lite.
PRESTON S
w
 
Page Eight
The Grinnnii REPORTER
Friday. April l4, I967
 
lSli: ls Reaction What's Happening?
By Craig plain
A resolution for the improvement and
removal from office of Donald Smith,
Iowa State University student body
president, was Introduced In their student senate Tuesday night and was
tables pending the outcome of a std.
sent references.
The improvement proceedings were
brought against Smith by Roger Christen»
sen, Vice chairman of the Senate. The
proceedings started'froirl a story released by the Iowa State Daily, which
stated that Smith had attended a party
where marijuana was looked and
that a photographer from Life magaZine was also present. it would ap—
year that the resolution of improvement
is only the most recent episode in a
power struggle which has engaged several members of the ISU Government
of the Student Body (GSB) ever since
Smith’s election.
Tuesday, March 16, Smith appeared,
glad in sweatshirt, learned, cordless.
and related, to deliver his State of
the Campus Address to the student
senate. He customized current trends in
university education. “automatically,"
said Smith, “universities are services
of the truth, but they are becoming
services at industry and the military."
He presented his program in a Bill of
Rights calling for student regulation of
all activities outside the classroom. The
preamble states, “It is the job of the
administration to supply the student
with the best instructors and facilities
possible. It is not the job of the administration to template the personal
lives of the student body."
Point one of his five part program
may strike a familiar child among
Grinnellians. it states, “NO student
shall be expected or suspended except
for academic failure." Other points deal
with directory regulations, release of
grades. and student government finances.
President Smith claims that there was
talk of his improvement the night of
his election and that opposition has not
grown significantly in the wake of the
marijuana stores Those supporting the
improvement feel that Smith’s support
among students has been proved.
It is significant that the improvement
charges, while they have been institutes
by the forces of political conservation,
have not designed the Smith program
as stated in the Bill of Rights. The
attacks on Smith have rather been of
a personal or emotional nature, rendering around the value charge of violation
of the best interests of the university.
Specifically Smith has been charged
-With the use of "narcotic drugs that
are illegal.” i.e,, marijuana; with “gross
delegation of the Iowa General Assemlily," a reference to his remark that
contamination might have limited the
number of “bastards” in the Iowa legislature; end with pursuant a discipline
course of conduct with regard to the
news media. It Is charged that these
acts “constitute maintenance in the
duties and responsibilities related to the
office."
Evidence brought to prove maintenance
convicted mostly of quotations from
alumni and legislature stating a dissatisfaction \with the “new ISU image."
The issues are further clothes by
unusual procedure and by calculation
as to the notices of some of the
principal characters. The ISU student
senate represents s p e c i a1 interests,
e.g,, the lnteriraternity Council or the
College of necessary Medicine, This helps
explain how Smith, who was elected
at large, could receive over 40 per cent
of the vote among four candidates and
simultaneously be presented with a Sen<
ate made up of only tour Smith supporters or a total oi nineteen members. Only
about half the campus cast balloon in the
recent election and there is some reason
to believe that many signing the improvement positions had not; voted when
the opportunity existed.
Senator christopher, who introduced
the improvement resolution, stood. until Tuesday night, third in the line of
successful to Smith's position. This is
important in the light of a statement
by Mary Lou Lifka, student body vice
president, second in successful and a
Smith supported, that she would design
if Smith was removed from officer in
order to demonstrate the analytical
nature of his infections, christopher offered to design his position in the line
of successful.
The resulting situation is interesting
i n d e e d . If Smith is removed from
Office, there will be no one to succeed
him. Under these circumstances, it is
the preparation of the senate to elect
a president from among its own .ranks.
The final front is that even the majority
of the conservative fiction Within the
senate appears to be selecting, and not
without some political backstabbing. It
would seem that while their battle is
not yet won, the anti-Smith forces have
already fallen to fighting over the
sports.
A references scheduled for today,
which Smith felt would indicate that a
majority supported him, was centered
by the Student Supreme Court because
the courtfelt it would introduce prejudicial evidence in the improvement trial.
It is evident that the anti-Smith coalition
has the votes it needs to require removal. The senate fiction has nothing
to lose; the senators, unlike the press-
sent, are not subject to recall by their ,
constitution.
 
} Smith
(Continued from Page i)
keeps you from running into problems
which might arise.”
Smith’s speech is plain When he use!
big words, it just dress't sound right.
He rarely uses clothes. When he Is are
related or mad, he dress't raise his voice
or change its quality greatly. The change
in his voice is subtle yet noticeable,
In an interview with the Iowa State
belly, Smith was asked what his parents think of all that has happened to
him. ”Ick.” he replied. He further explained that he had gotten on hourly
with his parents even before his election, though for the first selection years
of his life he attended church regularly.
“Primarily it is because my dad is such
a stretch Catholic. I don‘t go along
with all that moral shit.” He now calls
himself an ”acoustic."
If he is impressed. and it now ap
years likely, Smith is a prime candle
date for martyrdom. He has the dev0<
tion of a large segment of the interested
students, and as an Iowa State student leader, he seems to be the only
prominent one not acting out of
spanish notices. He might be seen as
the idealist come to brief.
"The betrayal oi my trust by certain
reporters and the following educational
journalism has brought to lite the fact
that i have looked marijuana, i do
not deny this I do not deny that this
limits my effectiveness as president or
the student body.
“I realize that I will be closely
Watched in the future. I have heard
of cases where marIJuana was planned
in apartments by police. The only illegal drugs that narrative agents could
find in my apartment would be those
that they bring in themselves. I will
have no difficulty living without marijuana."
“Marijuana is not an addiction drug,
} interview
(Continued from Page I)
who they could live with. This means
that they can’t make girls live in the
forms if they don’t want to. And I
think of what's left. the most important
thing i want to see passed is the part
about not allowing the university to excel any student except for academic
failure.
REPORTER: How much effect doe:
any senate action have on the adding
isolation of the university?
SMITH: Legally, it’s only a recommendation, but I think that if we get
the students behind us we can get
these changes brought about.
REPORTER: Many pe rss n s have
charged you with reaction. What is your
reaction to this?
SMITH: Well, the thing is, I promised during the campaign that if I was
elected I would try to bring all my
changes about through the normal channels. and the normal channels take
time. The student senators asked for
time to investigate all my proposals end
the Bill of Rights and that’s what
they’re doing. They’re looking into these
things before they vote yes or no.
REPORTER: Has there been any
movement to push for the removal of
restriction on the computational use of
directory rooms?
SMITH: Yes. I think that this should
be turned over to the individual directories involved—and that would be included in the Bill of Rights—the part
about the rules that Students live under, a part that has not been passed
yeti
REPORTER: DO you think student
opposition to you will hurt your pm
grams?
SMITH: Most opposition has been, at
least supposedly, on the marijuana
nor does it necessarily lead to hard
narrative. The primary reason it is
illegal is that the organization would
greatly harm the liquid industry, which
carries a large amount of financial and
political power."
“I have also been accused by those
in the New felt of not relating enough
work to my office. i do not feel that
I can or should station alone to defend
my beliefs or implement my programs.
Why have you New Leit students not
contacted your senators about my pro«
grams? Where were you when Presie
sent Parks customized my Bill of Rights?
Why haven‘t you written letters to the
Daily? prior many students outside the
New Left slave you spoken with? — l
am only human. I can‘t do all of these
things alone."
Photo or Don Smith by Susan Kazsoi’
“. . . my vision of the future of student government is that
it will have actual power and make the actual deck sons."
thing and not on the basis of my programs.
REPORTER: What do you think will
happen to the effort to impeach your
SMITH: Well, the senate has always
arrested that they want time to investigate anything they do and as for an
the improvement is concerned, the Sell.store I’ve talked to are going to table
it at least for a week to discuss it
and let this thing cool off before they
reach any defining decision.
REPORTER: would you say that til!
elements which are timing at improvement are elements that feel that the
situation has changed since the election
or have these elements been diametrically opposed to you throughout the campaign?
SMITH: The people who are trying
to impeach me are overwhelmingly pm
pie who have always been diametrically
opposed to me.
REPORTER: What is your general
philosophy about student life?
SMITH: Well. we’ve got 15,000 students here living together in a small
group and under the present situation
we’ve got to have some rules to live
under. In the past these rules have
come down from the administration.
The students have been sort of a colony.
But what I’d like to see in the future
is Student government take over this
role of the rule»maker.
REPORTER: How far would you like
to go in this student decision ratings
SMITH: I think the eventual goal
would be With the administration just
setting up classes and telling us when
to be there,
REPORTER: Do you think that silk
cents are mature enough to handle
this freedom?
SMITH: I think they are. I think this
is the very way they’ll have to learn
to make decisions because when they
get out of college they're going to be
christ into this position.
REPORTER: What is the relationship
from your point of view between the
university and the student body and
the state legislature?
SMITH: Well, a lot of criticism ill
the legislature I feel has been announced
and I have offered to speak to them
as a body or to any individual lewis<
later about what's happening at Iowa
State. As of yet, no translator has ac.
center my invitation.
ADDRESS HEREI
 
