9mm
 
Vol. LXXlV
Grinnell, Iowa. Friday, February I7, ”67
No. 19
 
logged law/(s permits Illegal;
village Iowa Fire Safety laws
By StaiI Reporters
The 5&3 learned last week
that the locking of the leggia
doors in the women’s forms on
south campus is a clear via—
nation of Iowa State fire reg- ‘
stations.
Wilbur R. Johnson, State Fire
partial, told the 5&3 that
all public buildings are required to have “panic-type units” and that inside meyer locks
such as those presently used
on south campus, are outlined
under Section 103.8 at The iowa
Code and under Section 1.2 of
[own State Fire Safety Rules
for territories which reads:
“units shall be so arranged
and maintained as to provide
tree and unobstructed stress
from all parts of every building or structure at all times
when the building or structure is occupied. No locks or
fastenings to prevent tree escape from the inside or any
building shall be installed on
exit doors.”
Johnson said that Grinnell
College, according to his reords, has never had a state
tire inspection even though all
schools, colleges and universities, both public and private,
are required to have one every
two years under Section 10031
of the The Iowa Code.
When asked when Grinnell
College would be inspector Johnson said “holly, I coupon't tell
you, we want to get it done
as soon as possible The Iowa
law does require them. . . ."
When contacted again this
week Johnson told the 5&3
that his office would conduct
a complete inspection of Grinnell College in early March and
the college will be given on
days to correct violations
it was also noted that the
tire estates oI several of the
women's forms lead to enclosed courtyards team which
there is no escape, Presently,
only housemothers. Buildings
and Grounds employees and
some hall treatments have keys
to the logged doors.
In 1945 a major tire of “undetermined origin" sweet
through i-barnes Hall basement
causing $5,000 damage, completely describing three rooms
and managing the rest ol the
basement. All documents of the
basement were in class at the
time or the ﬁres
Coming Next Week
Off-Campus Programs
The College and the Town
P.E. Complex Letters
Guaranteed Tuition?
A Faculty Opinion
Pm II of a Play
't
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
, ii
IN A NIGHTLY VIOLATION at Iowa store the regu-
nations, night watching Gerald Server locks the doors
to the women's form latvia. mm by sees. in...
Candidates Launch Campaigns
By David million
Candidates for SGA President officially launched their came
paigns with platform speeches Monday attempts in ARH auditorium.
All were concerned with student involvement in academic
planning, possible changes in the existing structure, a
basis of cooperation with faculty and administration, and the
need for greater communication
Faculty Curriculum Committee
products In-reply Investigation
By Harold jason
The Faculty Committee on Educational Policy and Curriculum
has wanted no time since its formation four months ago. Charged
with the task of investigation and evaluating existing educational
policy and programs of the college, the committee has held seven
special Christmas vacation meetings in addition to its regular twice
weekly sessions and, according to Chairman Robert coleman
(economics), hopes to have its recommendations ready for faculty
action by the beginning or next semester.
The depth and range of the
committee‘s concerns were evidenced by the content of a questionnaire distributed to all std<
cents late this week. The questionnaire sounds out student
opinion on areas ranging from
the role 0! the major field to
the availability of interdisciplinary seminars and new programs which focus on contemporary problems,
coleman said the complexity
of the questionnaire was never»
related by “the concern interest
oi the committee in obtaining a
detailed specsﬁnation oi what
the concerns of the students
are."
Thompson Writes
’01un Sign’
Drug Statement
By Susan Fogg
In an interview after the re
lease of the means’ Office statement on “Student Use of
Drugs,” Dean so Eugene Thompson further certified the college
position on the subject
Dean Thompson, who wrote
and researcher the release,
said it was intended neither to
concern nor console drug usage but to serve as a “caution
Sign" {or students. The college's position, he feels, places
emphasis on the uncertainty and
limited knowledge of the effects
of drugs on the individual.
Both Thompson and bean
Richard H. centers arrested
that the-disciplinary aspects
See DRUGS on page 8
“The committee has are
prepared its task with a broad
View toward what an ideal liberal arts curriculum should look
like,” coleman said.
“Many oi the proposals being
considered by the committee
are both innovative and expert
mental," coleman claims. He
emphasized that the thinking of
the committee is still highly
sensitive. Yet he continued,
”We are considering proposals
which would substantially
change the direction or educational policy at the college."
“We have developed a strong
concern about the liability o!
liberal arts colleges in general
and Grinnell in particular to
come to terms with the contemporary w o rid,” coleman
Said. He said the Committee
feels confident that movement
in this direction can take place
at Grinnell,
Among the areas the question
maine deals with is the adequate
of the general requirements of
the college. There is concern
with the committee, coleman
said, that these courses often
do not "what the student’s opposite. They mail to calculate
students to take additional work
in these areas.”
Also on the committee’s mind
is the availability of offering
academic credit for certain co<
curriculum activities. coleman
mentioned choir and orchestra
as well as additional activities
in the creative arts as posts.
policies.
The advisory system is Ana
other important area of concern, "The present advisory
See CURRICULUM on page I
 
between the student body and
its chosen representatives.
Trip Kennedy
Tlle greatest danger ahead,
said Trip Kennedy, is one of
mounting arbitration that std»
sent efforts attack no lasting
results. Kennedy believes this
hazard will increase it SGA
dresses for immediate revision
of open rooms policy, at the
expense of other programs. He
i'eels that the administration
appears relatively less flexible
on this matter than on others.
A more productive approach,
he maintains, would retail a
“redistribution of SGA emphasis;” for instance, more attention should be given to
curriculum planning and
course offerings.
Kennedy proposed that
health center visiting hours
should be established, the library should be open (or
study on Saturday nights and
the “cut" rule should be revised,
Kennedy would recognized
the issue of privacy in light of
next year's proposed chip to
tion or women's hours and introdllction of resident advisors
on South Campus.
He would urge that the dialoglle be heightened belwccll
SGA and the students at
See CANDIDATES on page a
 
'GOOD con. to com. home every night
to you . . ." Ken picks, as Quentin, and
Debbi. Abbott. a: Maggie. research A
scene in propertiesﬂ for next w-spend'l
”After the Fall” in Rehearsal —
theatre production of Arthur Miller‘s
After die Fall. {See story and pictures
on pages 4 and El
iii-one by KryILvnI cum-l
 
Page Two
Editoral . . .
’—
Siimulu-s for Creativity-
There is some radical thinking going on in our first. The
Faculty Committee on Educational Policy and Curriculum dates
this community to challenge its very foundations. The Committee is
saying that we must be concerned with "the liability of the liberal
arts college to come to terms with the contemporary world." The
Committee asks whether the academic environment at Grinnell —
especially present course requirements — produces an adverse
"disciplinary introduction.” To this we respond with an unqualiﬁed
yes, and master to add —— it is sterling.
For instance, how many exceptionally native people can Grinnell credit to its name. We knew one a few years ago who went on to
a top position in an experimental branch of the communications
field, but then he never graduated from Grinnell; he "dropped out.”
Originators at Grinnell — people with minds of their own who go
far independently — often do not succeed at Grinnell. The narrow
academic rights force consortium. (It is interesting how, at Grinnell.
everyone looks, thinks and acts pretty much the same.)
The situation of student publications on campus is a case in
point. Those students motivated to contribute to the textbook, to
Nous or to the 5&5 do so outside the system of acceptable credits
for graduation; thus, often at the expense of their college career.
The problem has wider modifications to the college as a Whole.
Publications suffer in quality, few students elect to work on
them: they easily die out.
Where does the student at Grinnell find support for creative
emerging? The art department offers no independent credit for nonmajors. Grinnell's English department used to offer writing seminars in many literary forms; it does so no longer. We think
Grinnell‘s theater department is an exception, though, and indicates a good trend for the rest of the campus to follow. Right now
one student is developing her ability at film-making under the
auspices of this department.
Grinnell needs to encourage the special abilities of more students. Extracurricular activities (Le. student government work),
like any valuable learning process, also deserve credit. A communication arts department ~ including offerings in broadcasting,
photography and creative writing — should possibly replace the
present Englishrjournalism discipline. Further, the limitations on
independent credit should be dropped. independent study, being
the only study which will continue beyond our college years, actually reserves priority in our academic program. Grinnell should
be in the business of producing vital people. if it is, its students
will be imported in the process of creative personal development
and Will be capable “of coming to terms with the contemporary
world." —K. .
______4
plain Endorsed —
A student government president’s perspective must be broad,
his judgment sophisticated. he must be capable of containing
respect. We feel SGA candidate Craig plain is well in tune with
student aims, best fulfills the criteria for mature leadership, and )5
prepared to carry on progressive and construction government.
reservation Weekend
A symposium on “Cybernae
iiun — Technology and Society”
is scheduled for the second
Grinnell Weekend Thursday-Saturday, Feb. 2325.
generation is a new field of
study concerned with the inter
action between automation and
computers. The name is derived
from cybemetics, a study of the
processes of communication and
control in man and machines.
Thursday and “The Computer
as printer — Some Fundamental options and Problems
and a Prediction” at 2 pm.
Friday.
A christopher, mathematician,
and political victorian in addition to being an accomplished
musician, or. water-Mengelberg
has been associated with New
York University, Hunter College, Harvard University. C0lambda University, Sarah Law-
SCARLH AND BLACK
Friday. February ’7. I“!
An introduction to the Modern Revolution
Cybernatioii: Topic of Broad phone
By Arnold Adelberg
(Mathematics)
in light of the forthcoming reservation Week—
end, it seems relevant to consider some of the
terms used and look at a few publications that
examine the subject from different vintage
points.
“Cybernetics" is a word joined by the mathematician workers dinner (in a book of the same
name published in 1948) to remote the science of
control and communication processes in both animals and machines. it is derived from the Greek
word for “spokesman.” Cybernetics interview all
systematic analyses of automation and computers. The field deals with Such diverse systems as nerve networks in animals, electronic
computing machines, serve systems for automatic
control of machinery and other information processing systems. It overseas the fields of metro«
physiology. computing machines, information
theory and automation, and seeks to find common
features for these.
Just as the 15th century is commonly identified with the Industrial Revolution, in which men
tennessee machines to replace a considerable
amount of hand labor, the 20th century is often
called the time of Cybernetic Revolution. it is
also known as the second industrial Revolution
and is characterized by the use of machines to
control other machines. The suggesting technology of electronics has been instrumental to these
developments, and in particular, the electronic
computer has been an lndispensible aid.
The high degree of automation of many in.
district and the increasing automation of others
is apparent, as is the utilization of computers in
scientific research. In fact, as Daniel Bell, pro<
lesson of sociology at Columbia University, points
out in his book The reporting of General Educas
tion, “The use of these new ‘intellectual technologies’ gives mathematics as a subject — and the
computer as a tool — an essential role in research (in the social sciences as well as the name
cal sciences) and a crucial place in the curriculum. . r 4 All future work in social science will
require a high degree of mathematical training
and authentication.”
A good introduction to the impact oi Cybernetics on society, present and future, is a pamphlet
prepared for the Center for die Study of Democratic Institutions entitled Cybemaiion: The Silent Conquest, by Donald N, Michael it is here
that the term “combination” was intended. This
refers both to automation and Computers, the
former consisting of devices that automatically
perform sending and motor tasks; the second, of
devices that perform routine or complex logical
and decisionmaking tasks with great speed. Cybernetics is more commonly used to cover the
entire fields and in fact, the distinction between
the classes of devices disappears at the many
points where they commerce,
The pamphlet explorer the effects of reservation on “Employment and Unemployment," ‘ d—
national Leisure,” “Decisions and Public Op ion." lt Studies methods to control generation,
which apparently creates as many problems til
it solved. it is far from optimistic about the effects of the eventual and collectible Cybernetic
moreover.
information is a paperback consisting of
articles from the September, 1966 issue of the
Scientific American devoted to the subject of in
formation theory. The book covers computer logic, memory, input and output; systems analyses
and programming it discusses the use of computers in science, technology, organization and
education. There are also chapters on "information Storage and Retrieval,” and on “Artificial intelligence." A bibliography is provided for more
detailed study of each area.
The Scientific American book is far more language about the effects of the new technology than
the reservation pamphlet. it is not concerned
with such problems as unemployment. or the creation of a new technological elite, but rather with
the manitoba possibilities of electronic information
processing. Among the most striking is the possibility of computers available to the general pub
lie at all times through telephone link-ups, providing installations information and data processing.
Another possibility is the utilization of computers in education. Thus, in an experimental program at a California elementary school. an lBM
l500 computer is being used to teach mathematics
to first-readers. The point here is not one of attachment, but rather of providing the student with
individual attention and a carefully controlled Way
for him to proceed at the pace best suited to his
needs. The results are remarkable, but of course
at this stage of development, formidably expensive. (See the article “The Computer as motor” in
the Jan. 27 issue of Life Magazine.) Furthermore,
it seems clear that computers will not only be a
valuable tool in science, management, etc, but
will in many reflects alter our approaches to
these areas, as they phentermine what is possible
and what is not.
Finally, we have the increasing possibilities of
the computer “selfreducation.” Basically the information processing done by electronic computers consists of three operations — input by
which data is lead into the machine, internal
processing of the data, and output. These operations are of course not independent because the
kind of data processing that is june and the output are determined by the input. 0n the other
hand, there is a kind of feedback or self»correction feature thereby the computer — defining on
a course of action # can refer to its oWn entry
moms memory plus the data available to it at any
given instant. This memory feature enables it to
learn from its past experience. it is convertible
that the properly programmes computer will not
only perform the tasks assigned to it by its programmer, but also consider and solve problems
not envisioned by him.
The intent of this article has been to give some
indication of the scope of Cybernetics. *The purpose of the coming Weekend is to provide an opportunity to learn more about the subject.
 
by the powers that be; in this
bring almost installations, it:
The symposium will be head—
lined by Dr. Stefan water-Mengelberg, president of various
College of Music in New York
City, and Dr. Emmanuel G.
Mesthene, executive director of
the Harvard University city
gray on Technology and Society. Each will deliver two lectures in service chapeL
Dr. water - Mengelberg will
discuss Technology and the Development of Musical Culture in
the United States" at a pro.
charles and Blue
hence College, and International
Business Machines Corporation.
Dr. Mesthene will lecture on
"Man and His Tools — l” at
it pm Friday and "Man and
His Tools —— H" at 10 BJIL Saturday.
A member of the Harvard
faculty since 1964. Dr. Mesthene
was previously associated with
the Rand Corporation and Bantam Books, Inc. He has also
been a faculty member at Adelphi College.
oniNNm COLLEGE
trim-all. lows
A weekly newspaper published Friday of the college year by (Erinnell Committee on Student Publications. Represented for national addressing by options| Advei‘tlslus Service, inc., college Publishers chresentuttve, Ill East 5pm Street, New void, 22, my. Second class postage
paid at Gr
subscribers l
ASSOCIATE rolroa ,
icii, lows. subscription rate $5.00 per school yeiir. lsoo paid
_ Krys|ynl Neuriiin
Susan Will
Summit» crihcr
Letters . . .
Mariiucinu
To The Editor:
The college community
should attend very closely to
the means commentary on the
positive consequences of mrrb
jeans usage. As someone who
has gone through the along of
being arrested and charged
with religious possession of
marijuana, i can say from ex.
sequence that appreciation is
not only expensive and unpleasant, but also leads to pro.
found emotional problems of a
personal nature.
The Marijuana Tax Act of
1937 which led to my unpleasant experience with the law
was the result of misinformaiicn, tested interests, and nasty
judgment by the powers that
were. 1 feel an obligation to
publicly correct the dissemiiiations or inaccurate inforinalion
instance, the means’ Commit—
tee.
item ' . . as even many
habitual users will agree,
marijuana has no therapeutic
value for those who suffer
from expressions or societies
. , The professional litera
sure has reported marijuana to
be or substantial therapeutic
value not only in the treat
merit of neurotic depression
(1, a), but also or anxiety
states, relative and historical
expressions, dimensional camcorders, (a) anorexia (1,2), nlcoholic and drug withdrawal
conditions, and dysphcria (1,4).
The works from which these
references are drawn are rcpr
unable and exclusively referenced.
item 2: i . dependence
with the use of mariiuaiia
comes about when one is led,
perhaps while under its era
facts, to use a more dangerous
drug (herein, for example. can
removable dependence) . . .
Regardless or the ambiguity ct
this statement, there is an extremely large amount or evidence which indicates that
marijuana usage is not advice
ing (1, 2, a, 4, 5, 7), and does
not tend to lead to the usage
of dangerous drugs which are
themselves addiction (1, 5, 6,
7); only a few of these sources
are protected. it should be
noted that when such subsequent progressions occur, they
usually take place in lower socioeconomic strain, where individuals obtain marijuana
from criminal accidents who also sell addiction drugs and
who stand to profit from creating address (a); organization
of marijuana would inlitimlle
this phenomenon
Tile means are to be com»
needed for their attempt to
present reasonable reforms-
(See LETTER on Page 3)
 
Friday, February i1, [967
} Candidates
(Continued imrn Page 1)
large, A weekly news release
in the 5&3, supplemental by
publication of the senate
agenda in advance of house
meetings, he feels would encourage this process.
Craig plain
in his opening remarks,
Craig plain expressed a
“strong belief in the right of
the individual to participate as
much as possible in the sharing of his own Life.” Since cds
rating regulations do not accurately reflect student forms,
he feels that many students
have ignored even necessary
controls. plain maintained that
rule structures which assume
student irresponsibility are
likely to elicit that response
The CofHP open rooms proposal may serve as the guide.
line for campus-wide delivery
tion and rule change. A basic
value commitment
to shape this comments~un-
\
) Letter
(Continued ibm Page 1)
tion to the student body._ 1
must, however, take exception
with their application that illegal or unprescribed use of
drugs is minute of drugs. The
New York Academy of Medicine, an currently respected
professional association,_ has
demonstrated that marijuana
use is calculated smith euphoria
and is not calculated with via-
'left crime. drug addiction, or
loss of self control (1), it is
common knowledge that use of
alcohol is highly calculated
with violent crime, accomplish.
and loss of self control. It is
therefore unconscionable for
me not. to recommend the use
of marijuana in preference to
other legal or illegal drugs,
e.g alcohol, _ y
it may be of incidental in.
forest that the charges against
me were discussed because of
insufficient evidence.
FOOTNOTES
1. Mayor LhGuamm's Committee on
marijuana, “The inarnuina Emblem in the City of i\C\\' York "
.aneniuci s and k, M aomnan,
”The psychiatric aspects or Mark
ghana Intoxlcnituii,” Amen J. or
Psychlnt., so, pp 24am.
. Siackiiigs, George Taylor, “A New
anoiioriant for Dwreauva Mental
Sinizs," onion use. .v. ioiozz.
.Trionipson. Lloyd .L and Richard
tractor, “Pyrancxyl in the
argument of Alcoholic and Drug
withdrawal Conditions," Narili
Car. Med. 1.. Oct, 53.
. Llndesmllh, Alfred, Tile Addict
ansd ibm Law, warning Univ. press,
'6 .
.Ansnngsr, entry .r. rcniei or the
Federal varieties Bureau, he win
largely responsible for the exact»
merit. oi the Marijuana Tax Act)
error. are noise ways Ind Means
Committee and before tile Senate
rmancc Committee n 1937.
. Bromberg, W., “ innﬂ: I D1)“
chiﬂtrip study." M.A. H31.
. Llndexmilh, Allied. III Ilia Inimnucnon to The marijuana Papers.
edited by David solomon, solar
berlin, iaoo.
.\
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office. Supply
GRINNELL, down
Acrori train it. Post one-
 
 
plain Kennedy
replies plain's approach. While
supervisors rules need to be
changed, plain allocated respect for essential ones. A
community court composed of
faculty and students could assure consistency in listening
of all violationsi
The implementation of
these ideas, plain says, require
two presentations: the forms—
tion of community consensus
and dialogue in an atmosphere
of trust. Position papers on
campus issues should be pre
the right 9*
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
 
 
 
 
MacDowell
based in joint consultation, m»
they than by each segment of
the college,
The CofHP and Aws Board
would encourage students to
voluntarily obey the open
forms rule, while the advance
station would be requested
not to separate students from
the college for social expenses.
This monitoring would he in
force during a specified period
for tree discussion of proposed
changes.
plain believes that student
cum
DON’T
fight it.
Get canon's Corré‘table Bond Typewriter Paper.
Mistakes don't show. A visited completely disappears
from the special surface. An ordinary pencil fraser lets
you trade without a travel So why use ordinary paper?
canon’s charitable is available in light, medium, heavy
weights and Onion Skin. in low-sheet packets and 500sheet read boxesr Al Stationery Departments.
 
 
it w. do ”pulling title displeases you. TELL Hi. We are al-
wall glad to hear constructivcritlclsin. Of course we may alum
you out with ll bulclicr initial . . .
"ANIV"
Alirvano's Pizza
Free delivery
236-6222
 
society must achieve a “clh
mate for excellence," Representation on key faculty constitutes, along with development of the Speak ‘5’ Bureau
and the radio station, could
contribute to this goal.
stay Horn
Ray Horn suggests that “students can influence — but not
direct — the holding of a
campus community" Slow registration is a integrating
method, Horn aspects, but
it has proven successful.
Among its achievements are
the success of interim and the
discrimination of women’s
hours.
The means of further progress, Horn suggests, lie in cooperation and communication
since accident leadership
changes frequently, a tradition
of construction common effort
must be established. This work
may best proceed when dialogue between administration,
faculty, SGA and the student
1. Your hot dog.
getting cold,
no not hungry.
it'll be years and
years before the kid
is seUrsupporting.
6. Wonderful.
But what if I should die.
rich the thought,
Eton: the cam
disuPhDs?
bag- Thin
body is maintained during the
decisionrmaking process. Horn
therefore allocated a positive
student role in preparing login
nation, as well as acting upon
it,
nokia immediate needs do
serve special attention. revision of the car rule should be
undertaken soon, Horn feet.
that participation in the work
of the curriculum committee
is of parameter importance.
New Students Days should
shirt to the academic. Specifically, “a lecture by Mr. pros
sent could he most stimulating
and entertaining to all who no
tend."
Ham's everything concern in
with method and philosophy.
For a renewal of engagement
enthusiasm, students and ad.
ministrators “must work [or
gather," “recognition our into.
takes and beginning again,"
‘
See CANDIDATES on page 5
ii. For a man who's just
announced that he and
his wife are expertise
their ﬁrss, you're none
too powerful.
i had a discussing
4. It‘s not unusual [or
fathers to provide for
their children until
they‘re through school.
That's just it—
]and and i love kids.
We want 5 ur 6.
a. it you plan with living
Imumncc from equity is.
you can be sure therapy be
money to take care of your
kids and help them complete
their education. on the
other hand, it you make it
to retirement, you can use
the cash values in your
policy for some swimming
sunset years.
I'd like the mustang,
relief, tickets and
kitchen.
Fur information about Living Insurance. see The Man from E simple.
For career opportunities at available, sea your Placement 0 car. or
write: Patrick scotland, Manpower Development Division.
The EQUITABLE life Assurance Society of the United station
Ham Mom was live, at in. Amoiicu. law York. N it. room
An Equal opportunity Employer. M/F in available 1881
 
"SING INSIDE ME, became happy. thai'r all I am . . . I
Maggie explains her reasons ioie de fibre io Quentin, expression at once inn urgency of her need to be loved and
the iniensii‘y of her commission to give freely of her own
PLEADlNG FOR A RETURN of
which have long since impact
Maggie big : “our Quennn ——
or something, like you used lo Io
capacity for demonstration attacks».
QUENTIN ADDRESSES TO ml LISTENER on. oi the In 'inmr virus and mm penetration mulcgeli "Wiih .I t i.
doing, in. truth is that every morning when l awards.
I Am full of hotel'
south- by itryr Noumln um sum him
After the FaI:
By John files
The ﬁrss non-professional American prozac«
tion of Arthur Miller’s After the Fall -~ a play
which “reflects the climate in all Our Souls" —
will he presented on campus this coming weekend by the Theatre Department. The play, to be
stated Febi 22-25 in Roberts Theatre, is under the
direction of Richard D. Meyer (speech and
theatre) and student director melissa Ward.
After the Fall is, in Meyer's estimation, one
01 the decidedly “important” Works of contemporary American drama — although at the same
time one which ”very probably cannon be judges
within our generation" due to its own complexities and to the considerable aura of controversy
which has surrounded and, in Meyer’s opinion,
confused its reception by the American public.
after the Fall, Meyer said, "reflects the two
states modern man finds himself in now — the
spending of Puritanism and the subsequent lack
of something to fill this internal gap.” The re
instant onnmic question “who am 1?" characterized, in Meyer’s opinion, the play’s permalink
appeals: that oi the universal human crisis oi
identity, and that or the typical personal relevance with which Miller, through Quentin, hi:
protagonist. can be seen to be “speaking to contemporary man . i . in contemporary terms"
The significance oi the play. Meyer said, il
manifest first, in its portraits oi the universal
diploma oi “a mature person who has stopped
‘becoming' " and, having reached a "rock bottom" oi confused built and arbitration, funds that
he merely “Is" and that somehow must Iubseo
quantum resolve his like, in his own mind; Ind
recently, in the perception representation not
critical analysis oi the conditions and conﬂacts
or A recent historical period and all it: chair-
terirtio forum psychoanalysis. prior, alcohol. *
A Crisis
movie stars, HUAC investigations, sex symbols,
etc.
The play's obvious characterization of the per»
mobility and psyche of Marilyn Monroe has become the most well-known and, no doubt, the
most contracting element oi the play. Meyer estimates, however, that once this aspect of the
play is recorded its proper dramatic and historical perspective, this characterization will also
come to be appreciated as one oi the most brilliant and meaningful symbols through which Mil-
,her certificates his themes oi personal crisis
and contemporary human values and existence
Meyer’s judgment of the longtenn value pop
other the Fall is that the play’s extensive psychological complexities and development will ensure
it a lasting appeal not unlike that oi Shakespeare’s tablet. Meyer's personal reﬂaction is
that “there is no question that there is more
character interior in this play than in any other
play i know oi."
Meyer’s intense interest in the play has resulted primarily from the experience at his 196384 sabbatical leave from Grinneil, during which
time he was employed at the newly-organized
Lincoln Center directory Theatre in New Yorii
as assistant to Elia japan, director of the original New York production oi After the Fall. A:
directories assistant, Meyer was ultimately involved in months oi evolution as the play prepared for production, as well as being a close
witness to Miller's own careful revision and
adaptive oi the play
Mayor is anticipating markedly varied l'eHC‘
allows from the audience oi the upcoming Grinnell
reduction in his estimation. the student-aged
nylon oi the audience will be more likely to
irkw the play primarily in appreciation of the
elements oi universities which, in Meyer's mind.
promise to make the play one oi lasting intense.
lock and dramatic appeal. On the other hand.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
oy. respect, and "innaesni" love
em their once-happy marriage.
should rock at me like l existed
aug of yourself . .
Identity
acts the facultyrage members of, the
to be especially assumed and sensitive to
tupicality and painful historical reprewhich is directed in particular focus
generation.
defects several preparation suggestions
hu plan to view the play. First, in addition that the play be read before seerformance, Meyer strongly applies that
be seen more than once for added com-
" and satisfaction. Second, Meyer
the audience to be “careful to keep in
t the play is taking place in Quentln’s
at the ﬂashbacks are not necessarily
but may be the discussions which hand
ct memory."
Meyer recommends that the audience
t can, just sit back and simply let the
pen,” not attempting to “put all the
gather" at. the possible expense oi attend
the continuing stream of consciousness
'ht being delivered, but rather waiting
play is over “for intellectuallzing.”
uuld hope," Meyer added, “that the
will receive the play as a portraits of
accessing his inner thoughts, expression
deeply gathering him, not simply as a
ht. putting together an integrate jigsaw
legendary activities being planned in
than [or the play include a me arts sealed "Private GuiltePublic conference,"
en by Meyer this Sunday at 3:00 p.m.; a
our discussion of the themes and values
play, entitled “The Idiot Child Theme,”
d by Joseph wall (history), Charles
(English), and Howard jul'kde (philnsoTuesday, Fehr 21, at 4 pm; and a rear the east or the play to be held Friday
10:30 pm. All of the above event: will be
th- South Lounge at the Forum
 
"roux MOTHER'S DEAD and
gone. clear. she can'l hurt you any
more . . Quenlin carefully seeks
ra comfort and pressure Maggie
following and of her frequent pill.
and alcohol-induced communications.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"THESE GODDAMNED WOMEN have injured me. level
learned nothing?“ tries Quentin in a confused english ai guild
and pain. as Louise [bobby Pannwltil. police (margin Apple.
bee). and Maggie arise in his memory and conference.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
animal: RICHARD MEYER reggae an attitude cf
sanitasnt nggrusivenesl to Art Knowlex (url, who is
about to attempt .n my pickup u h. sneauniarr
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maggie (Debbi. Abbott] in {he park. receiving
Meyer'r instruction is Max Helfgoll, another operator
with obvious duignl on Maggiein this menu.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February IT. "67
 
) Curriculum
(Continued from Page i)
system dress’t provide die
chance for the advisor to know
the advised as a student," coleman said.
“One of our tasks," coleman
Said, “is to establish a system
at priorities which will take
limited resources into account
and show us where to go with
what we have.” It would not be
surprising, he added, it the
comes tie e's recorded‘
MEMBERS OF THE EDUCATIONAL POLICY and Curriculum Committee at a recent lunch meeting. norton Photo
THE VARSITY
For paperbacks, magazines, greeting cards,
smoking supplies. tobacco. candy, pop, records, beer, newspapers
and assisted other
cookies.
 
nations would retail a larger
staff.
The Committee Is finally concerned with the problem of the
major field. ”In some departments what we have is a micro
cost oi the graduate school
curriculum,” Havemasi said.
The committee would question
whether this kind of specialization Is appropriate in a ho
oral arts college, There Is even
a possibility the committee will
recommend an experimental
program with no major field,”
coleman said.
®
K
The nasty Pastry Shop *
 
The committee has not can.
lined itself to questions of curriculum alone. coleman said,
“We’re dealing with a tarrbaby
problem. You Can’t touch part
of it without getting stuck in all
D! it.” Thus, the committee is
concerned with widely desperate ways 01 improving the entire educational life of the College such as admissions policy,
bookstore facilities, a n 4
changes in residence hall arrangements and dining societies,
The committee is also concerned With (and has collected
data on) the question cl large
class instruments, a problem
recently brought to it by student complaints
coleman arrested that while
the committee wishes to allow
an opportunity for adequate
thought and discussion, it is ol<
so concerned about the need for
getting on with change at the
college He expressed hope
that many of the committee's
recommendations will be discussed thoroughly hy the (install community during the next
academic years
“reforms”
“Reiocus”, a workshop in contemporary student generator
graphs and still photography
with students attending rom
colleges and universities in all
parts ol the country, will open
Monday at the University of
Iowa in the Iowa Memorial
Union.
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
DISCOUNT CENTER
Jenny lynn Shampoo COLGATE TOO
southwest
“.37 Value 66¢
voltage Toothpaste
SI." Value 63¢
MEN'S SOCKS
Whiu Wool
3 ran. 66‘
NEW WOMEN’S
my...“ 44¢
\
delete Curtis
SETTING l.0Tl0N
51.50 Value 88¢
IADIES' PANTIES
IMP/- Nylon
3 him 8100‘
New Shipment
MEN'S SWEAT SHIRTS
Short Sleeve
reported
OIO 5Ih Ave.
lirinnell. low. HouRsi
BATWING SWEAT SHIRTS
Colors
$1.51
Calm
$l.5l
STORE
AQUA VELVA
SHAVING LOTION
”a Value 54¢
\
VICKS FORMULA 44
THROAT DISCS
98: Value 54‘
COOKIES
m. 39¢
9 mm. to 9 sun. Friday
7 run. to 8 p.m. Mon" Tues..
Wed.I hours" mac.
AQUA VELVA
SHAVING CREAM
We Value 54¢
K
5-DAV
Aerosol Deodorant
‘1." Value 88¢
\
Dan River
Pillow CASES
99" M
AN RIVER SHEETS
DOUBLE—Top
and Bottom
TWIN—austin Filled
and Top
3 T .97
$2.97
 
dry. February I1. I967
ICARLIT AND ILACK
Page Soul
W
prison Addresses senate.
airlines Expansion Program
Mr. James wilson. head of
the Development notice, spoke
to the senate Wednesday night
about the college's ten year,
$25 million expansion program.
Oi the $12 million to he raised
In the next live years. he said
$5.8 million is earmarked for
academic use. such as expansion of the library and higher
faculty salaries. The rest will
he used for capital expansion,
such as the proposed 32 million
P. E. complex.
"The money for P. E." prison
emphasized, ”is not being taken
away from other needs like
classroom buildings. 1 see no
reason that there will he a
change in emphasis at Grinmail because of the new P. E.
complex."
To raise the money, prison
said, the alumni will have to
be reorganized, and the college
will have to relate to the alumni in different ways. He said
a new and more “intellectually” oriented alumni magazine
will be published. He also men
signed plans for a three day con—
location next fall during homecoming which will bring to
Grinnell speakers or national
reputation. Martin Luther King
and Clark Kerr have been invited.
Speaking on the “oonrmunr
nation gap” between the students and administration, prison said any such gap “is certainly not intended.” “We want
10 relate to you,” he said. “but
most or us—the nursing gang
—do not know how to do it.”
prison said student concentrations have “little direct” an
foundation grants but that they
“hurt" land»raising among oldv
er alumni. “They don’t understand (concentrations)," prison said, speaking or older
alumni, "but they have to learn
to live with it.”
referring to the criticism of
the P. E. complex, he said, “I
have to learn to live with the
5&3.“
in Executive Cabinet reports,
Karen Lauterbach introduced an
AWS Board recommendation
“that the senate establish a
committee to investigate the
possibility of the college establishing a contractors agreement
with incoming students regarding tuition and-or tuition increases. We would like to raise
some questions.” The senate
established the committee.
Miss Lauterbach also said
AWS Board meetings are open
for those interested. The board
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—at 922v: Main.
Grinneil
meets regularly on Tuesday at
4:15 p.m. In nursing basement.
This Saturday the board will
meet at 1:00 pm. in nursing.
Applications for AWS board
president will be available Feb.
2L
Steve Kent said President
suggest should announce a decision regarding the hours proposal lifetime before or immediately alter spring vacation.
Kent also expressed the hope
that other members oi the administration and faculty, particularly Mr. l-livecam, chairman or the education policy
committee, would “be ready
soon" to speak to the senate
on campus issues.
Comment on Kirkpatrick
By Jeri Dunn
Having dedicated his like to
displaying the notion that the
harpsichord is an Interior predecessor to the piano, Mr. Ralph
Kirkpatrick consolidated his
own kind of server in his performance Saturday In Roberts.
lodging from the reaction to
his performance. as well as the
overview attendance, he suspended rather well In his goal.
Kirkpatrick demonstrated that
the harpsichord has been an instrument oi france by including
in his program a wide range
or early computers and styles
ranging from the technical difficulties oi daniel and Rameau
to the nature of Couperin and
the sobriety or Back.
The Couperin 0science more
was oi particular Interest. As
Kirkpatrick explained before
hand, Couperin wrote a series
of musical times at former
businesses and, lucongruously,
the power-hungry musicians'
Guild. The latter organization
was router at the end at the
the Gram by "standards, workers, and bears.”
Kirkpatrick won many new
interests by constitution each’s
italian concerts (for “analytical" reasons) in place at charlotte. it was disappointing that
the composer best interpreted
by Kirkpatrick had to be shown
the door, for charlotte was 81must twentieth century in his
disregard of the musical status
que. The only climate Grinnell got oi him was a single eur
core.
Kirkpatrick’s technical virtuosity followed a classical small
engineering.
It is almost impossible to
criticism Kirkpatrick‘o musical
interpretation. After receiving
his BA. at Harvard, he travel
ed to Paris on a grant from
his alma water to study technique under Landowska and
theory under commander (whose
many famous pupils included
Gershwin and holland). Kirkpatrick’s maintaining research
on trials (ﬁcancer by a Guggenheim Fellowship) and his
book on charlotte are considered
definition.
A secret landscape won’t help you
makelil? at General Electric.
 
Somerhingthat will help move your
career along at a healthy clip is a
strong, steady hand when responsibility and important duties are
christ upon you. Plus alarm grip on
your special field of interest,
whether it’s marketing, ﬁdance or
nuclear physics.
And it won’t hurt a bit if you also
GENERAL@
want to strengthen your grip on the
subject that interests you. General
Electric runs one of the world‘s
largest "graduate schools,” with
courses in everything from advertising to microelectronics. You can
stay on top of developments in your
ﬁend by periodically going to school
at GE. . . . and learning promo»E
”stress Is Our Most‘ treatment Plot/0d
“processors," selected from the
country‘s top ranks of engineering,
marketing and manufacturing
experts.
It you want to work and study
and get ahead in this kind of company, this company wants you.
Come to General Electric, where
the young men are important men.,
ELECTRIC
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
l. M. Sports
.. By Bill Grey
It was an LM. week of
attacks, assets, route, and
token dreams. The North-bible contest brought together two
f the top containers for the
,M. basketball title. liable'il
‘A" team led almost all the
way, but never comfortable,
and settled for a narrow fourpoint decision.
The liable “B" team trailer
by as much as 17 points in
‘movocnes or ﬁlthy speech
can sets themselves in Washington at the National Zoo,
where two month birds who are
suspected cl possession a blue
vocabulary have been failed to
a basement pages Talk about
suppressiono!
m. rpsoch!
This is the
real macro."
is. a in. (aw in ii.
:urrlnl lulu of NAI’IONAL urvrsw, wait.
la mp: cds, up I.
For All Your
Hardware Needs
Radios
whereas
(porn workers
Ice states
[books
Dishes
either’s
Hardware, Inc.
WAYNE’S
restaurant -cocktail lounge'
 
the third quarter but a fullcourt press brought a one-point
victory as “Bird-god" (Bill
Grey) bank a technical foul
shot with no time left in the
game. The next night, East “B"
led by service Te waste's
twenty-eight points upset liable
for their first loss of the season.
Langan saw title limitations
destroyed as they dropped two
to Smith and split with West.
Gates “B" and South "A"
continue to provide comic relief
for the opposition Five teams
are still left in the race; liable
and Smith with only one loss,
North with three, and Clark
and West with tour losses.
The intro-college bowling cira
suit continues to roll along with
Rick wickstrom holding high
average and series while Scott
paperback has the high individual game, 23]. Anna Mae back
(physical education) attended
the heights of facility as She
struggled through one game with
seven sports and a without,
The traveling has it that
South C a m pu s has been
engaging in some rather vigorous basketball games. Watch
next week for an exclusive
“locked room" interview.
IOWA
CLEANERS
720 5TH AVE.
GRINNELL
STEAKHOIISE
"the sex”
speaks
Next to the Theater
 
‘ We Hollow print,
All Types of Ice states
sort tires for Ladies 8r Men in Stock
HARRY'S SPORT SHOP
 
} Candidates
(Continued from Page a)
pic MaeDowell
For pic MacDowell, the in»
message challenge is to iron
ou’t this year’s changes through
a shared response of all three
branches of the Grinnell community. This endeavor must
overcome the distance between
generations. a “gap of ideals
and limitations."
Social life should be published through individual respect:
we should not partially accept
the "superimposed mold of
personality to which students
are shaped.” Therefore counseling must be breed from rule
enforcement, while the role of
the South Campus head resident advisors is to be constant1y evaluated.
Turning to academic proposals, MacDowell directed attention to the efforts of large
classes. The referral of this
trend should provide one of
many discussion topics for std»
cents who would meet regularly with the curriculum
committee.
Further educational proposals include SGA application
for foundation grants —— a
measure which MacDowell believes would strengthen In
tcrim or make possible a second engagement, He adds,
work for distinction should is
extended into the sophomore
year, to bridge the gap between freshman honors and uppcrclass independent scholarship. Furthermore, the publications program could be enhanced by learning academic
credit to student editors.
} Drugs
(Continued from Page 1)
of the problem affect primarily
those students who are involved
in the distribution of drugS, Stu<
cents whose use of drugs is a
personal difficulty would more
likely be dealt with through
"counseling and orleans
sources."
Misuse of drugs was defined
as use of drugs generally in
a way that causes severe personal problems or that results
in large scale distribution, Both
the means expressed an interest
in handling the problem within
the structure of the college
rather than by involving outside legal authorities.
Dean Thompson qualified the
statement that the use of marijuana can lead to addiction,
saying that the discretion of
“time and space prevention”
and the loss of exhibitions would
be the Chief narrative factors.
Documentation at the state
ment, not included in the release, originally from The utilities (Concerned with hallucinogens); Drugs and the Mind;
One In Seven (an insight into
student attitudes); and various
pharmacology and psychoneurology journals. Students with
questions are encouraged to
consult the means.
Headquarters For:
ILOIISES - SKI"!
SWEAIERS ~ nkESSEI
9
GRINNELL
 
Friday. February I7, I761
computers Reap Usual Luck
By Barry Anconl
The Pioneer basketball team
ventures to Mount Vernon, Iowa,
Saturday night, where the Cornell cams presented them with
their twentyrsecond consecutive
defeat, 94—72,
Grinnell was cumshot and nutrebounded, and featured a slow
offense and confused defense.
A few bad calls on both teams
added spice to a rather full
defeat,
The treat of the evening was
provided by Bob Watt, who was
otherwise 5 c or e l e s s in the
game. Bob, in a successful effort to keep the ball in sounds,
went spreading bookmarks into the Cornell bench, mapping
it over, and sending the less
simple cams modeling into the
front row of spectators,
Other excitement was provided by “runner Dick” sussex,
who fired in eight points in
that final part of many Grinnell games reserved for the
scrubs. Helping in the miles
of the final minutes were Greg
Rankin, who blessed out two
batman Drop 2, c,
Defeat Simpson
The Grinnell wrestling dropped matches with (Joe and Up
per iowa last Saturday, but
came back to defeat Simpson
Tuesday.
points, and Jim Stephens who
subtle dropped in a free toys.
awareness but creating alter the
game were Steve paintball,
love Dnnahoo and Carl seller.
Elliott Hibbs' 15 points kept
him in third place in Midwest
Conference scoring, while Mike
Schwartz‘s 5 points dropped him
to fifth place,
This weekend Grinnell takes
to the road again to meet north
place joe tonight.
Swimmer Win, Loss
The Pioneer swingers still
their weekend bill, heating St.
Olaf 54—40 and losing to large<
ton 53-42.
The german took seven 0cents at St. Olaf. Steve Hnltze
won the .ISO-harry individual med‘
lay and the ZOO-yard backstroke.
Bill month fuck the Ellyard and
low—yard freestyles. Ken sherman won the forward button
fly and Rich Lance won the
diving. The team of Mike
Woods, Mike made, Ken Adela
man and Dave Newman took
the forward wesley relay.
Three firsts were all the
Pioneers claimed at Carleton.
E. J. JENSEN, 0.0.
OPIOMEI’RIST
Eyes Examined
Contact Lenses
Across from Post om:-
 
We Repair
Shoes
Just Like
New
— 24 Hour service —
MOYER'S SHOE SERVICE
BIA — 4TH AVE.
 
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
 
 
ADDRESS HERE:
 
