THE GRINNELL REPORTER
 
Volt LXXlV
Grinneil College — Grinneil. Iowa. Friday, March i7, m1
Not 21
 
Senate: last meeting under Kent
Senate approved AWS
Constitution changes
By Richard Schneirov
Wednesday night the Senate gave its
approval to changes in the Aws Con<
selection and heard the final reports
or the Executive Cabinet and the
chairman of the Finance Committee,
The meeting marked the end or the
elected terms of all senators and the
members or the executive cabinets
in the only major legislation of the
evening the Senate approved the following three changes in the AWS Constitution: (l) Withdrawal of the AWS
from the Intercollegiate Association of
Women’s Students; (2) elimination ot
the social budget committee and certification of the role of Quad Social
Chairman; (3) accommodation of the
offices of generations Chairman, Music
Chairman, and Kitchenette Chairman into a new hall social council.
Speaker at the Senate, Bond Faulwell, in his final report, both trained
the Senate and customized it. He caused
the work oi the committees in general,
but customized senators for their “lack
0i initiative.”
Faulwell also gave his Views on the
role ot the Senate:
“1 do not think that the Senate as
un official body has any responsibility
or right to act on such national and
international issues as the Vietnam
draft. I think it is up to each student
as an individual to express his own
opinion rather than [or the Senate to
attempt to express a collective opinion
for him, in the first place, there are
more than enough problems on this
campus to keep the Senate occupiedr
recently, senators are elected on the
basis of campus and not national or
See SENATE on page a
____———-
Changes for the 5&3
This week the format of the
5&3 has undertake some major
changes—we have used a new
name. gone back to the four
column makeup begun by Bob
Hodierne. and switched to a
down style on headlines. See
the editorial on the next page.
Wall evaluated
Finance Committees
At Wednesday’s Senate meeting
chairman of the Senate Finance Com<
little Chuck Wall delivered the committee‘s year end report consisting of
evaluations and recommendations. The
Finance Committee includes Senators
Phil Bertenthal, Roger counter, Jane
attacks. and ricky Wemick.
Wall reported that “we started the
year with $776.14 and made expenditures and received income such that the
balance as the new administration takes
office will be $858.29. The major expenditure from GB&R (General Budget
and Reserve) aside from the cost of the
convention and the campaign which
came to 5323, is the $270 for damages
incurred on North Campus.”
Wall's report convicted of four sec
tions wondering the cycling and Grinnell Book; Nous; Initiative Fund; and
Hall obligations.
cycling And Grinnell Book
”The request for money to publish
these two books will be forthcoming.
, See MONEY on page 6
New form focus for
question of residence
By Susan Fogg
Building proposals for a new women's
directory are becoming the focal point
for student leaders’ growing desire to
reevaluate the concept of Grinnell as a
residential College. The View as expressed by honda thomas (AWS board
member elect) is not an objective to the
new directory, but rather the protest,
why a women’s form?
Karen Lauterbach (AWS Board President) feels that before the proposal {or
the form is organized, alternative forms
or housing should be considered, especially in light oi the recent innovation or
apartments for women. This might include buying old houses in town for off»
campus buildings, as melissa Ward
suggested. or building cooperative living units for students. This latter plan
presents difficulties of finance and could
create unwelcome pressure on students
who do not enjoy community spelling
See RESIDENCE on page a
To appear on TV tomorrow —
Wilson awards:
Fewer offered
Six members of the Grinnell class of
1967 were named Wednesday as Woodrow Wilson scholars for 1967-68, while
eight other students received renewable
mention.
The six winners and their motors are:
David R wilson (history). range L.
between (English), Donald R. Gregory
(Philosophy). Kathryn E. wagon (History), Douglas C. Pearson (economics)
and laura E. stephen (economics).
Those receiving renewable mention
are: Arthur P. Arnold (psychology),
David R. Cole (classical languages),
Catherine H. norman (history), timothy L. bailey (economics), Mary S.
would (music), Richard H. Heilbron,
Jr. (political science), Charles E.
cornell (biology), and Jan A. Thomas
(English).
The Six Grinnell students awarded
tellowships this year, compared to the
eleven and courtesy winners in the past
two years, reflects a, significant decrease in the overall number of fellowships which were available this year to
a particularly high-culture group at
candidates, According to Sir High Taylor, president or the Woodrow Wilson
See SCHOLARSHIPS on page E
 
make sale {or Des points poverty —
THE BAKE SALE left
weekend drew $292 to
be contributed toward
the purchase of Jim
Dunn's "new” project
house Two at the sale's
organizing, J e a h n a
Cock and Sally Ha.
latin, said, "In coming
in contact with the
spontaneous generation
of so many individuals.
ihir sale became more
than a fund . raising
event. it reinforced our
own appreciation at
the members at the
Grinnell community, To
those who failed. sold,
contributed and bought,
we would like to extend
our thanks for this ex.
perienee." .
Photo by Kryl Neuiiiar.
Debate team to afford
bigger role for students
Participation by students in college
policy-making is the subject under debate tomorrow attempts at 4 pm. when
Grinnell's informative team matches wit!
against an iowa City negative. The donate will be delivered by WMT—TV.
(channel 2).
Jay Williams and Beth Vourhees, who
have participated as a team in numerous debate events this year, Will be the
Grinnell team.
The debate is intended to increase interest in speech and debate in Iowa. The
formal title is “Resolved: That college
students should be given a signsﬁcastle
greater role in the determination of college policies."
Both Williams and Miss Voorhees are
members or Grinnell's speech club and
the contrary speaking iraternity, Cindy
pages and David Schreck complete the
other team which generally represent:
Grinneli in debate converter
Publications committee
proposed two textbooks
By allah norton
The Committee on Student sublime
tions passed a proposal last Friday
to split the existing textbook into two
separate publications. The cycling,
selling for an estimated 32, would code
main hall, club, and team pictures. The
organization or the cycling staff il
still underlying study.
The Grinnell Book, selling for an es:
limited 35, would contain candle photo<
graphs and student prove and poetry,
The Grinnell Book salaries staff would
consist of an editorial team and I
business manager. Tile business manager would receive a salary of $200. The
editorial team, applying as a group
could include an editor, assistant edlu
for, artist, head photographer, copy editor, or secretary. The actual number
or members on the team and division
of responsibilities among the team members would depend entirely upon ch:
students involved, The recommends
salary for the team is 5700.
Applications for the Grinnell book
small will be open immediately follows
ing spring vacation. Students interest
in the position or business manage:
See YEARBDOK on page C
 
Page Two
Editorials . . .
By numerical majority —
There is really only one sense in which a new court system
could be considered a “community court.” To date, no one on campus has dated to deal with it in this - its most honest and most
desirable sense. According to the definition of community, the student community is the liable community at Grinnell. Fortunately
students and faculty live much or their lives in common. But it is
the students who actually live together, sharing basic living experiences with each other. Some might prefer it otherwise but this
is the reality on our campus. it is not that we should separate academic and social but that we do not share to the same degree with
all members or the community.
Then why are students — those most familiar and most concerned with this real community — not permitted to order the
community themselves? Apparently there is a great that among
their orders in the administration that things would fall apart if
students had their way. Former treatments Gates and women both
placed much faith in students’ ability to modern their own lives. As
tar back as 1887. the Gtinnell College president (Gates) was saying, "It is ten thousand times better that the young people should
learn to modern themselves, than that they should be governor in
any best way whatsoever."
The faculty discussed the proposals about a new court system
at their meeting last Monday but they failed to even approach can
census. The faculty obviously have their own double about the pro
totals, especially about being caught as middlemen between the
administration and students. Certainly the evolution of the Faculty
Committee on Student affairs is a step in the right direction but
these new proposals should not be the ﬁnfl word ~ and they might
be if students support them in the upcoming references.
in trying to improve upon our present court structure we run
the danger of reporting to a system thereby students will actually
have less control of their welfare than previously. Perhaps it will
be more construction it students, faculty and administration hear
court cases and make policy together, but the faculty and administration need not be represented in equal ratio to students. Let us not
target who has — in areas of student concern ——numerical majority.
The new look—
Well, we finally got our name change _ at least on a “trial"
basis. We apologize for the long delay. If you remember, a couple
of weeks ago we announced that we were planning to change the
name. But, then, choosing a new name, getting it passed for trial
publication by the Committee on Student Publications and putting
it into actual design all require timeconsuming registration.
Early in this registration we had viewed other college newspapers to note the tone set by their names. We came across me
Bmwn Daily Herald, The Commentator and the Antioch Record all straightiorward in approach. But other colleges use —— what our
type-designer calls — the banner. Some examples or college newspaper names styles like banners are the Brown and White, and, an
ever so treatment one, The thomson Arrow. We thought some more
about our own charles and Black and, well . . r we asked for sun»
sections for a new name.
We were looking for a name that would be short and sell-description. We considered names that had Similar corporations like
”journal,” “weekly” or “news,” but “reporter” won over the others
on several counts. “Reporter,” besides being less common than the
others, has broad corporations. For instance, although we take the
view that the Grinnell College newspaper should be, at best, a
journal, future editors may take different facts. “Reporter" could
describe them all. The Grinnell Reporter represents a break from
the cumbersome flags oi yesterday. We think, all in all, the new
ﬂage set a more mature and intellectual tone for the paper.
The paper’s “new look" is purchased by several other changes.
A switch from the narrow ﬁve column width to four columns on
the front and other key pages will foster easier reading. The columns are wider and so are the white spaces in between. (We did
not change the column width on every page because or some set
advertisement widths.) Also note that the sports page has been
bumper to the inside of the paper.
We welcome your comments about our changes and hope that
you will consider them improvements as we do.
The Grinnell Reporter
(formerly the charles 8. Black)
Grinnell College
Grinnell. low:
A weekly newspaper ttublisncd each friday at
the college year by the princeﬂ committee on sun
sent Puhllcﬂsons. Represented for national silver»
rising by National Advertising Service. inc.. College
publishers representative. in East 50th street. New
York 22. N.v. second class postage paid at Grinnttll.
iowa. Subscription rate ssno per school cum. land
paid subscriptions.
GPS
Member at the
Collegiate
Press service
comm
, xrystyna Ncumnn
ausmcss m
._ susan: will
The Grinnoll REPORTER
day, March I
Grinnell student writes —-
Student Life in Belgium
Ed. Nolc:
.loii above, a political science major, is a
member of Grinnell'i class at last. he writes
of his year abroad at a college in kruger,
Belgium, and of his daily lite there “with
the hope that I will have served underwear»
rates in planning their oil-campus study."
i chose to come to kruger and the College
d'europe to get the opportunity to learn more
about Belgium, this Small and loﬂoften reflected country. I have round it a nation of deep
clearance: those of religion, class and language.
The orange political parties are calling for the
disposition of Belgium and the annotation of their
respective areas to Holland and France. it is
worthy to note, also, how the diagnostic penis»
cum things back and forth, first threatening the
swedish and now the millions.
At present, the pendulum is pointing south —
with the coal regions of piece coming into eclipse
and the growth or industry making a booking
city of Antwerpen. Further evidence of the fear
felt by the millions can be seen from an article
appearing in their weekly magazine: “Le Cielestece Flemande?“
But, aside from the knowledge that i have
gained about this country in which i am studying,
which alone has made my program a success. 1
have also generated from my courses and item
the international atmosphere or the college neck.
I have been exposed to different point or View,
hr example. in seminars conducted by Europeans
on diet Nam, or those about the certification of
Germany and the problems of south Tyrolia.
The College d’Europe, counties in kruger in 1952,
was designed to train post-graduates for positions
in the diplomatic corps of their respective countries or for posts in various international organizations. Over 51% of the graduates of the col.
legs have taken jobs with the Common Market at
some time following their studies at pages. This
is due primarily to the providing of Brussels
and a strong alumni organization, l’Anclen, which
operates from that city.
kruger itself is in the swedish-administered
portion oi Belgium. but the college recognized
Only French and English in its classes. All candidates for admission must speak and read both
languages and be able to write one of them well
enough ddr papers and reports.
Students are requested on a competitive basis
by examination, which is held in their home
Countries, with criteria established in that country. Many of the students are here on scholarships, which are also directed learn the foreign
ministry of their country. Because of the unique
European orientation of the College, there are
only two noneEuwpeans in the student body: a
Congolese and myself. The rest come from Scandanavia, all countries of Western Europe, Greece.
Poland and East Germany.
The ages of the students vary. but the average
is 25, The range runs from a Greek lawyer, 32,
it) myself, 22. Some of the students are already
employed elsewhere: for example, a Norwegian
journalist is here to do some stories on Norwegian
embassy life in the Benelux countries and on
lesbian agriculture and a Polish professor is
herein get a closer view of the “document West."
Daily Life
On Monday notebook, at Mb 30 (2:30), the
weekend officially ends. Students have returns
from a weekend in Paris at the Picasso exhibition
or from a procedure along the lesbian seacoast,
only 15 kilometers irnrn kruger. Walking along
the beach in mid-winter is a lesbian custom
which many of the students have adopted. The
beaches are as packed in winter as in summer:
the only difference being you don‘t go in the water and you bundle up against the marsh Channel
Winds.
It is on Monday afternoon that I meet a seminar conducted by an American professor from
the University of Massachusetts. The custom has
been to have a visiting American on the faculty
oi the college each year. I am taking two courses
under him: “Defense Problems of the West" and
a course on NATO: its structure, purpose and
political problems. However, on this particular
Monday, class listed four hours and became a
joint seminar with a lecture given by a NATO
official in Paris and an American General at
SHAPE in Fontainbleu.
Following the talks, a reception was held {or
the visitors at the prison des Etudiants, our directory, which is a few kilometers from the
“never” (our name for the classroom section oi
the college corresponding to ARH). it is a
pleasant walk over small bridges, under which
a make oi canada z' bag through the city. once
at the prison, operating consumer, guests having reported, the bell for dinner is ring.
Quite unlike Grinnell and its cafeteria-style,
the students at kruger are stopped by being
served dining room style — with not so much to
do as beach one’s own glass of Wine. The prison
was once me Grand Hotel at kruger turned over
by the city for use by the students as a directory.
Everyone has his own room and both boys and
girls live together. Indeed, a discussion of “open
forms” would be quite alien here,
Alter dinner, which is ﬁlisted at about 8:30
pm, the students begin relating to their rooms
for study or to the lounge for matching up on the
latest news from the newspapers of their home
countries. Lite between 8:30 p.111. and ll:0li pm.
is very quiet, at which time the sound of type<
writers is perhaps the most penetration of
houses. But, by 11:30 pm, one begins to heat the
sounds oi the Beach Boys, or the cross on “Radio
London” (a phrase radio station operating 21/z
miles oil the British coast, which comes in loud
and clear in Belgium).
The college is returning to like again, as one
years students descending the spirit staircases
for the "Roi d‘espagne,” a small bistro nearby
which serves as our Version of the Forum. it is
run by an old lesbian and her dog, the latter or
which makes an inspection at everyone who enters — and sometimes proven to be quite selective about those who may come in to enjoy his
mistress hospitality. The old lady herself has a
soil-touch and has been known to extend indeﬁsite
credit to the students. Free rounds are also not
entirely rare.
For those who have not. left the college, there
are always rooms where dancing takes place. in
others, one can hear bridge-bidding in German
(oi all the nationalities the germany remain the
most admitted to the game) or the groups of the
Danish. as they lose their last lesbian trance in
a heated game of poker.
 
To the Editor:
sellers . . .
To the Editor:
i feel called upon to point
out some cloudy thinking which
has in the past characterized
various sections of the college
community. The administration
is almost universally sustainable to it, the faculty fails fiction on occasions, and even the
student body becomes confused
from time to time — now is
such a time.
There is, I think, a basic difference between liberalism
and irresponsibility. The two
terms are tar from synonymous. A lack of irresponsibili»
ty does not even reply a lack of
liberalism. And yet we tend
so often to overcome this fact.
I’m referring here specsﬁcalls
to Mr. thunder'a article about,
the Com? election (March 10
seal. I'm especially surprised
that a student of Mr. thunder's
intelligence and experience
should tell into such an obvious
error.
The corner all of the mem—
bars of the college community
learn to make this distinction,
the corner we will be able to
make some progress on some of
the reforms which the community so solely needs.
Perhaps I should make one
final point clear; 1 am neither
attending require nor preventing Mr. Fllgeltaub, l merely
want to try to clear up this
confusion and Mr. thunder's
article offered an opportunity
to do just that.
_'rrlp Kennedy
Having participated in the
tormulanon oi the proposal to
reorganize our judicial system,
I would like to moment on the
articles appearing in last. weeks’o
son.
1) Mr. John prospect addressed himﬁlf to the idea of I
"community court"; criticizing
the council: a) for not daily
representing the college community (as he deﬁnew it), and
b) for being an unrealistic con—
cent. i can only agree. The
Judicial Council would not he
a “community court"; it was
not intended to be one. While
the student court members he—
can their thinking about a judicial representation with this
idea in mind, when the group
See LE‘H‘ERS on page I
 
Friday. March [1, I957
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Page Thru
 
Blcinshard promotes 'usefulness of thought’
By Paul Jones
Dr. Brand Blanshard, Sterling professor americas and twice chairman of
the philosophy department at Yale University, just wash't cut out to be a
practical man. This, he said during his
visit here this week, was his basic
reason [or taking up philosophy as a
lite-work.
But this does not mean that plan<
share feels philosophy is impractical.
,When asked about the role oi the photos-
Photo by susan sister
Brand Blonshnrd
other in contemporary society. he said,
“There is too much emphasis on feeling
and improve in American society, too
much emphasis on doing things on the
spur of the moment; there is too little
emphasis on quiet reflection, on giving
evidence of direction by respective
thought." He remained that even the
pragmatists, “though i don‘t like them
too much, Still, believe in the usefulnesl
oi thought." The role or the christopher.
then, is “to deemphasize indulgence ln
edition, and to answer the questions
raised by the plain man in modern
society."
Blanshard went on to say that the
christopher is a fundamental part or
the intellectual community. But “I would
prefer to see competent processors at
philosophy in every department. Unless
the course is one dealing only with
facts and methods, a knowledge or philosophy is needed to answer the questions
brought up in every classroom. The
ultimate college, it it ever is started.
should be one of all philosophers."
when questioned about the relevance
and s u c c e s s of modern philosophy
(especially diagnostic analysis and com<
mortgage analysis), Dr. Elanshard
said, "On the whole, this type ni phi<
losophy is running up a blind allen,
i think it’s merely a passing had in
philosophy. 1 don't think this method
can answer the questions or the com.
mon man that need to be answered."
Dr. Blanshard concluded by saying
that he was extremely impressed by the
intellectual community at Grinnell;
“Out of 117 colleges that I have visited
in the last couple ot years, I thillk
that Grinnell stands out in front of most
ofthem.”
Dr. Elanshard’s visit marks the third
in the series oi visiting philosophers at
Grinnell. Professor John hampton oi
Vanderbilt who was here two weeks ago
remained then that it there is anyone
left in America who can be classes
on the plane at the systematic philosophers at the beginning of the century,
such as James, Russell, doors, and
Santayana, that man would be Brand
Blansllard.
News perspective
Double Jeopardy 0an
By Suzanne member
At the present time it is the policy at
the College to impose institutional penalties on students who have isolated lo.
cal civil law, even when the vibrator!
have already been subject to municipal
discipline and when the civil offense 1!
not a violation of college rules.
The practice oi choosing such institutional retreat for civil expenses was
securely measured by the Committee on
Faculty Responsibility for the Academic Freedom at Students of tits
American Association oi University processors, (AAUP) in its statement of December, 1965, on the Academic Freedom
of Students
in light ut the distributions the College printers in defense at “double jet
party" a La. the college’s responsibility to the town of Grinneli and the right
or the college to temporarily suspect
or discuss any student Whose conduct
or academic standing is regarded as
"unavailable” — it is obvious that the
AAUP statement has been largely ignored.
On three separate counts elaborated
by the AAUP committee. the college
may stand mostly accused oi anachronistic democracy, with respect to the “double jeopardy" policy. First, the section
0! the AAUP statement which discusses
the out-campus freedom of students
makes specsﬁc reference to the conflict
between institutional authority and civil
penalties:
Students who village the law may
input penalties prescribed by civil
authorities, but institutional authority
should never be used merely to duplicate the function or general laws.
Only where [he institution‘l interest!
 
leggeii lakes trips:
Seattle and Paris
Saturday maria the announcement
of Grinnell‘s annual exodus to freedom.
But however pages the students are to
queue up, they already law behind grey
iderlt Glenn suggest. who reserved the
campus last Tuesday to begin his spring
break.
Unlike most or the emigrants, Mr.
suggest will spend his vacation working. He began by traveling east to pre<
sent a speech last Tuesday before the
Iowa College Foundation at inventory.
Later, he ﬂew to New York to meet
with officials or the College Entrance
Examination Board. When these meetings are concluded, suggest will attend
a conference of the Commission of student and Faculty ot.the Association or
American Colleges in the state of Wash
lngton. After meeting with alumni and
trustees in Seattle, suggest is scheduled
to give an address at the University at
Washington. While at the university, he
plans to visit his daughters.
after spring break, Mr, suggest and
his wife will take a two week vacation
touring Europe. They plan to visit
Rome, Milan, and Florence, before
joining the Kleinschmidts (professor oi
French, on leave 1967) for a drive to
Paris.
New hall president
Since last week's announcement of newly elected North
Campus house treatments. South
counter has Elected Bill thank
as its new president.
Illllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllillllllllllllllllll
Bogart in
”The Big Sleep”
lllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
By Dale orcyiuss
Just about everybody knows
that you don’t spot into the
wind, you don't draw against
the Lone Ranger, and you
don’t sportsﬁget with form.
But just about nobody, even
people who follow these great
delta, ever gets it straight that
you don’t mess with Humphrey
Bogart; and that, or course,
is what Howard Hawk's The
Big Sleep is all about.
money is called to the mission oi an aging, eccentric old
millionaire to check out some
success about the youngest
daughter’s gambling deals. As
soon as he arrives, he is varied
pretty temptingly by Lauren
recall. Now this in itself is
more than enough reason to
see the ﬁlm, but wait -- there’s
more.
Unruliled, money takes up
the case, only to find that it
involves blackjack, a murder,
and all sorts or other exciting
intrigue (including more oi Miss
recall). How will it all end?
money wins, watch, but the inn
is in seeing him back down the
tough guys while he unravels
the mystery.
This is a classic example at
the rougllrandrrcady mystery,
See FILM on page 4
Uncle Sam’s Club—
 
Photo by Susan Kacscr
WORKING wrrH GRINNELL CHILDREN
in afternoon and evening sessions, members at Uncle Sam's Club continue the
organization's long-standing program at
community service. Here, Ruth Ann may
certificates with a young intend.
Catch - 22
as an academic community are distinct from those of the general community should the special authority at
the institution be used."
To be more specific. recording college
opposition of a fine on a student who
has already been fixed in the municipal
court for using false identification to ob4
main liquid is not only a clear example oi
application or function. but an instance
where the academic community cannon
typically exercise special authority
based on a distinction of interests. In
such an instance, the College falls prev
to the authoritarianism which is an irc
recent danger in any powerful institus
tion.
in fact, incoming “double jeopardy” in
cases which involve no violation of college rules places the institution in a position unduly subordinate to community
pressure. As the AAUP statement etuphasizes with regard to the exercise oi
institutional authority, “Institutional action should be independent at community
pressure." The college, then, has the ro<
sponsibllity to function as an autonomous institution women the community. II
this not the ”idea of the university?”
It seems that Grinnell has confused the
notion 0t its “Social responsibility” to all
extent which belief what should be Lila
“separate but equal" status or the educational institution in nil its affairs.
A third injection to the “double jeopardy” policy tests on the total idaho.
quick and democracy oi Grinnell’s own
calculate, “Catch-22”, to quote both “13
handbook and the catalog-
“The college reserves the right to
require the temporary suspension or
the permanent discussed oi any student whose conduct or academic
standing it regards as unavailable,
Without designing a defining reason.
the college and its officers Shall be
under no liability whatsoever for
the expansion of unsatisfactory std-
cents."
N0 statement in the handbook Dr catalog contains even indirect reference to
the extent or the college’s authority in
disciplinary Civil violations. What, Orin
may mostly ask, is “unavailable conduct;" who is an “unsatisiactory student?" Does a betty cwil violation actor
basically assign a student to the “unavailable” category? Where has the college established its right to exact Ii<
special penalties for civil violations?
One can do no better than to quit.
once more from the AAUP statement:
expenses should be as clearly de-
tired as possible, and such value
phrases as “unavailable conduct" or
“conduct injurious to the best in-
threats of the institution" Should be
decided. connections oi misconduct
particular to the institution need
clear and explicit definition.
While we are in the process oi essay
listing a community court. it is essential to object to such identifies in the
jurisdictional system as the “double
jeopardy' policy and the column
hypocrisy of “Catch-22 " It is not:
enough, however, merely to register dissatisfaction. Student protest is all too
often “sound and tiny, organizing nothing,"
We must inside upon a clear and explicit definition not only of the rules
which modern this community, but the
philosophical presents upon which they
are based. in the event that such application is sidestepped by those who are
ostensibly in authority, as in the question of the multiﬁnation ot academic
penalties for social violation. we must
develop, practice and adjust our own
definitions of conduct.
 
Page Four
} Letters
(Continued from Page 2)
of faculty, administration and
students began to work more
carefully with plans, we realized
the idea to be both accessible
and affordable in the current
situation. We therefore abandoned the concept in reference
to the Judicial Council. We excluded administrative representation on the council for the
same reason we excluded student government officials: we
were trying to Create a body
which could work as important
ly and effectively as possible
with student disciplinary problems; a group without an institution or constitution to be
responsible to, or to “represent.”
2) A second major concern
of ours in construction the proposal 7 besides trying to create
an atmosphere of objectivitye
was the translated, “include”
nature ot our campus: men students, women students, facility,
administration. We suggested
the establishment of a committee of faculty. students and
administration to recommend
Headquarters For:
ILOUSES - SKIRYS
SWEAIERS - DRESSES
3W"
GRINNELL NEWTON
and evaluate policies for the
campus (perhaps primarily con»
corner with student lite). This
we feel to be the proper place
for the discussion of campus
and student concerns, joining
the main elements of the residential campus — the faculty,
students, and administration7
in these discussions, This would
be the place for those concerned with pricing particular interests to attempt to corporate
common decisions regarding
those interests.
3) Faculty members were
suggested for both the judicial
council and the policy evaluating committee for several reasons, not merely or solely to
act as a “buffer" between the
sometimes consecutive views of
students and the administration. The school has made
significant progress this year
in working out some of the did
services in opinion held by the
various element ot the campus.
However, ice still have can»
siderabie way to go in coming
to common understandings
about student life in the gene
oral and specific case. The
faculty is an element of this
campus and should be a part at
fig; creauonruf this understand-
regarding student lib .
While the facility member:
should not be seen as never—
family “representing” the facility (any more than the student
Judicial Council members
should be expected to “represent" student views). their in
dwidual opinions and concerns
should be included in the attempt to arrive at a generally
acceptable way of living.
I believe the proposal to be
a reasonable way of addressing
ourselves to the various proc»
less of student life. and of training at some general agreements regarding life at Grin»
well.
Linda real
We make
delicious
cookies
Hansen's DANISH MAID makers
The word is out! Ahrv
does it! That’s right. Ahrv L
delivers direct to North
°'4>
Campus rooms. And it
gets there but and fast,
too. Next time — don’t
starts, call Ahrv.
"AH Rv"
nirvana’s Pizza
236-6122
Free Delivery
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Crosseff questioned
To the Editor:
it seems to me upon reading
Mr. John prospect's article in
last week’s 5&1: entitled “Cuminunity Court" that he did not
present the facts. but rather
had several misconceptions
about the council, its nature,
and its purpose which should
be carefully considered.
First is his application of the
term “community court.” The
originators or the ideas of the
proposed court system revitalizhlion have not used that term
since the proposal’s enhance,
simply because of the reason
mentioned in Mr. prospect’s
article — the physical accessibility of such a group. They
have used the term “judicial
council” since the time of that
replication # a name that is
unquestionably suitable to its
purpose and nature.
This brings me to the sets
and misunderstanding in the
article which is bound up in
the purpose for creating a nciv
system of jurisdiction and polls
cy evaluation. l question Mr.
Crassett‘s statement, “ I would
argue that there has been no
lack of communication but
rather a lack of intelligent interpretation." Communication,
or the lack of it. is a problem
basic to all of our interactions.
The judicial council is a means
of combining the present student courts with the present
FCSA. The application and
policy evaluation functions
would then be separated into
the judicial council and the
policy evaluation council. in
such a combination. both the
court and the evaluating council would (in theory) bring to.
gather the opinions ot the faculty and those of the students
and the administration into two
bodies, constructed to eliminate
an overall of functions and at
the same time represent the
opinions of what today amounts
to the three “sections" on campus. In these united councils,
all the members can much more
easily communicate and interact with one another than in
the present system, and can
make decisions based on their
joint opinion.
in taking the niartyi"s position as a faculty member, in.
Crossctt was confused. again in
the virtual basis for his error
lndtiun. The proposal was pre»
center to the Scnatc by the
student members of the present
court system; but it was con.
selected by not only those students but also by Dr. Joseph
Wall and the student means
air. prospect was concerned
trial the faculty would he
placed in a middle man between
the administration and the std
cents. However. all the mere
bars of the council would be
equally involved with any recommendations made to the
Qualified mechanics sought to
fill overseas assignment. IntI cnib
teen has jobs with long hours, low
pay. Contact: Peace Corps, Washington, I16. 20525.
Friday, March I7. m7
Social Events
The Intruders, a rock and
roll band, will be playing from
9 pm, to midnight in the North
Lounge.
A jan movie, Chinook ot
the Northwest Mounted, may
be seen from 10:00 to 11:00 pm.
in the South Lounge. This is
one of the James Oliver Curwood Series at the Northwest
Mounted police pages, an adventure story concerning the
tracking of the players of a
Royal Canadian police temporal.
The movie Seconds is showing at the Strand Theater
through Saturday night. Starring Roch hudson and stage
actress Salome lens, the movie
has been described as an olfbeat drama. a shopper, It is
an attempt to fulfill the desire
to be born again and Shows
what happens when a man is
decreased and begins a second
life. This is a good average
film appearing to those who
like the unusual or who enjoy
calculation on the impossible.
Future Miscellaneous
Si weather‘s orchestra will
highlight the 1967 spring for—
may dance scheduled for April
15 from 9 p.m. to 12 pm. in
party Gym, Ken Clark, had:boots chairman, announced this
week.
A duplicate bridge tournament be held the first Week after vacation on April 8 and 9.
Play, in teams of tour, will be
held Saturday and Sunday attraction in the Forum.
 
New dining facilities
Possible Raihskeller
working closely with the
representatives from the Skidmore, things tr carroll ascii-
cultural ﬁrm in Chicago, the
committee for the new women’s
directory and central dining
facility has been planning dining facilities to serve a variety
of needs. One possibility is a
basement “Rathskeller”.
The dining facilities will provide for the serving of both
sit-down and cafeteria meals at
the Same time, and accommir
date different numbers of std—
cents. Combinations of these
spaces would allow large aggregate seating arrangements
also providing a relationship appropriate for banquets or speakers.
Group dining for such occasional as hall functions, com-
president which they had con.
situated together.
And finally, 1 don’t want to
let the question of the academic
sphere oi the campus versus
its social life, respondents, and
investments become any more
nuclear than it is already. The
objective ot the sell, SGA, and
others has been concerning
academic investments for so
dial misconduct. This is not to
be confused with “academic
persons" acting upon “social
violations” 7 for we are all,
in variable measures, academic
Persons.
Jeanne service
See LETTERS on page 5
Pain 2 Our Advertisers
6 DOZEN AVAILABLE
Pie cell warning Special
$495 Value
ft:
$295
r
While
They Last
frames's Jewelry
little meetings, or activity
groups will also be possible.
different levels of dining rooms
are being considered and a
lounge is being planned near
or adjacent to the dining rooms.
The Rathskeller p r o b a b l y
would have a small sllortaorder
grill capable oi handling sandwiChes, camcorders, milk
shares, cakes and other soft
beverages. it might be open
24 hours a day. Wall treatment
should be such that students
can be free In separate the
space to fit the occasion.
Preliminary d r a win g s for
these buildings should be Cainpleted by the end of April in
preparation for the submission
of loan applications to the
Housing and Urban Develop.
ment Office of the federal government.
} Film
(Continued from Page 3)
as good as it can be. Not only
are there rangers and doublecmsses: there’s even a triplecross here and there—just to
make sure you don’t figure
things out too soon. Add a
typically fine performance by
Bogart, and you’ve got a bet»
her movie than most of the
seitrsatistied, super-super their»
less changed out today.
Nobody but Bogart, racing the
precious recall, could make
such cocks lines Stick: “I don’t
mind if you don’t like my banners. They’re pretty bad. I
greece over them during the
long winter earnings. But don‘t
waste your time trying to crossexamine me."
Friday at 8100. NOW beat it
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—or 922V: Main.
Grinnall
 
Friday. March l7, I967
} well’era
(Continued from Page 4)
To the Editor:
Having read Mr. Jones’ letter, I feel bound not. to defend
myself, but to correct some
(also expressions.
In the iii-st place, I was invited hy the charles & Black
to review the opening night oi
the show and not to “have re
married one or two more nights
before making (his) Judgmerits.“ Whether a show he
collective or professional, the
practice ct reviewing on the
first night is not deemed untisiial. Indeed, when I was un»
der the impression that certain
things were under par because
it was the opening night, I
noted them as such in lily article.
I am not sure what Mr.
Jones means when he says he
was “given the review to
read“ and it therefore stopped
his equipment of the play.
Surely it was up to Mr. Jones
and no one else whether or
not he chose to read the re-
view.
As for being preoccupied
with "dramatically and technically professional theatre,” may
I remind Mn songs, that as a
student at the University hf
Iowa, I encounter college promotions all the time. The
point is that in choosing to
perform so sophisticated and
difficult a play as “After the
Fall,” the company assumes a
certain responsibility. what I
as a reviewer am interested in
is not so much “professional”
theatre, but GOOD cheats .. I
never saw the Elia japan
production of the play. I
matched the production
against nothing but itself and
what seemed to me to be its
olln aims and foul lines, and i
found not that the performance
was especially packing (it you
\will re-read the article), but
that the play itself tell short.
Finally. let me assure Mr.
Jones, that it he came away
moved and involved with the
play, i am more than pleased.
When so much effort and time
has gone into a show (any
show), I would much rather
see it work than fail, and will
be happens proved wrong.
George Bernard shaw, when ac.
based of running a play's
chances in a review, argued
that it a work is really good.
New compact case design
DELUXE PORTABLE RADIO
The ZENITH Royal cl-aﬂhisﬂtray-
'll’reg” portable has a translation,
are illustrated slide rule dial and
operates up to 100 hours on inex»
archive perilite galleries. Up to
{DD milllwatts ei undismrled audio
output logged Cycolac cabinet url
choice at Charcoal or White color.
rb-pc. gift ensemble includes eartrpne attachment, carry case. balls.
deeper
Music Co.
53'! Broad
The Grinnell REPORTER
IllllIIllllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllIlllllllllllIIllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllIIllllltlllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllilll
Sex education committee
releases reading IN
The sex education committee recommends the following reading list for all students and faculty who are interested in parties-
rating in the sex education program to be held after spring vacation, April 11-15.
Hettlinger, Richard F., Living with Sex: The Student's Dilemma, New York: feature Press, 1965 (l9!) spa, $4.95)
Kirkendall, center A., Premarital Intercourse and international Relationships, Julian Press, 1961 (302 pp, angola
Paperback)
Kirkendall, center A “Understanding Sex,” Science Research
associates. 1957, 500
swiss, Ira Li, Premarital Sexual Standards in America, Free
Press, 1960 (286 1317., Friendship Press, 3195)
Diwali, Evelyn M., Why Wait Til Marriage? Association Press,
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
no continue of it will stop it
ericsson lecture
Luther Er ericsson (chem
entry) lectures at an inorganic
and physical chemistry colluquim at the University of
Iuwa on March 2 and at hamburg College on March 1.
Page Five
E. J. JENSEN. 0.0.
OPIOMEIRIST
Eyes Examined
Contact Lenses
Acres! from Post Olllcl
from being a success. Time and
time alone will he its judge. I
may he wrong about “Alter
the Fall." I don’t things I am,
lnrt I could be. Let us wait 20
years and see it anybody is
still doing it. dealtime, I am
dedicated to hear that the production was enjoyed.
Nicholas
Iowa City
Meyer
Forum closing
The Forum will close Saturday, March Is. at 1:00 pm
it will reopen Sunday, April 2,
at 4:00 p.m. Tlle grill will reopen at 5:00 p.m. During the
spring access the building will
be open to the admissions
offices only.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Vacations on the
note d'Azurl
Uh hub.
1. lane, harry me and
everything you've
ever drcrunerl at
Will be yours.
Tell me.
8. warehouse
4. Charge accounts
in towns
cvarywherol
3. And to top it all oﬁ.
I’ll take out a terryﬂc
Living Insurance poll
from available that Cy
will guarantee you and
our kids n lifetime of
wonderful semity.
“(new you had an
ace up your alcove.
you naughty boy.
For lntorruaiiori about Living Insurance, sec The Man from Equitnlrlc,
i-‘or career opportunities at available. see your placement odiccr. or
write: Patrick Scollnrd. Manpower Development Div on.
The EQUII’ABlE tile Assurance society of the United States
Homo other: 1285 Ar 2. of the benefit‘mV Now York, NY. 10019
An Equal Opportunity Employ", M/F eeoiritalito road
 
Page Slit
TI:- stud-u REPORTER
 
} Senate
(Continued from Page 1)
International issues,"
Aws Board President Karen Lauieo
been, in her remarks, reviewed the past
year and discussed the elimination of
women's hours, New Student Days.
controlling and resident advisors. In
- action to her other suggestions, she
said of out campus living for women:
"Now with at least a sensitive and temporary possibility for women’s apartments, 1 can only hope the college will
heritage long enough in its plans for
a new women’s form to seriously consider alternative forms or residence.
My personal feeling as a member of
the form plaruiirig committee is that
by accepting at this time as unavailable
trucks the college policy towards residence living and the separation of the
computer, we are moving too quickly
to a plan which only solidifies the
present system and eliminates other
possibilities."
CofHP President Bob Fonts reminder
the Senate of the considerable progress
that students have made in the past
four years He added that he hoped
to see the elimination of the car restriction rule, drinking regulations, and
women's hours in the near future,
SGA President Steve Kent spoke of
this year's new “student image", but
mentioned students to remember that
the “problems are complex."
Finally, the Senate approved the allocation of $270 from GB&R (General
Budget and Reserve) to cover the hall
damages incurred this year,
Steve Kent also announced the no
pointrnent of John penny as Social
Coordinator, Gary bidding as Concerts
Chairman, and Theodora underwear
as Dithyramb Chairman.
account csnrsn
Deodorant
Five-Day Roll On
$1.00 Value 57¢
Sudden Beauty
HAIR SPRAY
$1.07 Value 54¢
SCHICK
BAND RAZOR
emww
Johnson 8r Johnson
BABY SHAMPOO
69: Value 43
> Money
(Continued mm Page 1)
The request will be close to 31100, We
recommend that while this figure be set
aside for such publications, the actual
apartment be made continuing upon the
prospects for the success or the publication ol these two too ."
NOUS
”There will probably be a request for
the inclusion of a salary for the editor
and business manager or Nous. As the
book increases in size the time necessary to publish it will also increase and
consequently we may find that paid
positions are necessary to make it a
going concern."
Initiative Fund
“Serious attention must once again be
given to this allocation. The people who
serve on the Senate Initiative Fund
committee must be daily interested in
making the fund work; such was not the
case this year. There are several suggestions which should be considered,
(1) ”Placing a senator as chairman
DI the committee. By doing this,
perhaps the senate will find one who
is more respective to its wishes and has
an easier time communication with Its
members.
(2) “Having the North Campus Social
Chairman chosen by the old com? or
the Executive Cabinet and having him
concern himself directly with the ques«
tions or the administration fund,
(a) “A suggestion to the hall —- they
should stop training about the money
lost and come up with suggestions to
make the fund work instead of sitting
back continued with what can only be
called an crystal social program. Several calls this year have made good use
of the fund, and we think their social
loans Toothpaste
1 For No 2 For 47¢
shell Concentrate
Shampoo
$1.00 Value 62¢
SCHICK BAND
RAZOR CARTRIDGE
$159 Value 93¢1
programs have generated from it.
“Perhaps some of the money could In
better spent in other areas. We realize
the upper that such a proposal is
bound to create but this is an issue
which the senate must face and not let
tradition gay change and innovation
which have geneﬁdial possibilities.”
} Scholarships
(Continued from Page 1)
National Fellowship Foundation, “Never
in the history or our program have we
had to turn down so many substantially
good people,”
Candidates for the fellowships are
nominated by (equity members from
colleges throughout the United States
and Canada. The foundation is designed
to aid in the development ol “college
teachers for tomorrow” Although few—
lows are encouraged to consider careers
in college training, terms of the cards
are not binding.
Woodrow Wilson follows will receive
one academic year of graduate education (with tuition and less paid by the
Foundation), 2nd a living student of
£2,000 and appliances for dependent
children In addition, the Foundation
will award a complimentary grant to the
graduate school in which each Fellow
classes to scroll — the money to be used
for the most part for fellowships [0 adVance graduate students,
Names of those candidates receiving
renewable mention will be calculated to
graduate schools and other fellowships
agencies.
Some othe r Midwestern colleges
with Woodrow Wilson scholars are: of»
brain~9, Carletcn~8, St, Olal~3, Lawr<
encwﬂ, Comeliez, plymouth—
lost-l, and simon—l.
Friday. March iv, my
) Residence
(Continued Irma P350 1)
and prefer living alone. The stress, AWS
board members past and present agreed,
is on establishing a variety or resident
opportunities for students or Grinnell.
Dean Eugene "thompson concerned
with the general minor or the students'
suggestions He recognized the availability of a concept of the college that goes
beyond directory living.
honda thomas, who is on the
Building Proposals Committee, em<
realized that her objectives to the
“women's” form is based on her hope
for integrating the forms — alternative
men's and women's calls.
So far these proposals are, in the
words of one new board member, “an
underground movement.” No concrete
courses or action have as yet been pro
based.
} textbook
(continued train Page 1)
should Write a letter or application
containing their qualifications,
Students interested in applying together for the editorial team should write
a letter containing the quiltﬁnations
DI each member, the estimated division
of labor and salary, the proposed content, organization, and length or the
book and the proposed publication date.
All letters and questions should be
directed to the Committee on Student
Publications, in care of Benjamin graham (biology) on or before Wednesday,
April 12.
Patronize Our
Advertisers
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
815 5ll'l AVG. store
lirinnell. Iowa "°"'“‘
9 mm. to 9 pm. Friday
9 mm. to 8 runs Mon.. Tues.
Wed., hours., cal.
TRUSHAY
HAND LOTION
6% Value 44¢
BAYER ASPIRIN
levitra of 200
$1.63 Value 99¢
AJAX DETERGENT
King Size
Score Hair Cream
"to“ 44¢
COLDENE llQlllD
5‘30 Value 57¢
EASTER CANDIES
All At
lADlES’ CANVAS SHOES
reported Sizes and Colors
Discount Prices
Special $1 38
9th
DRISTAN CAPSULES
12-Hour Decongestunt
$1.49 Value 88¢
 
Friday. March I7. [9127
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Page Seven
 
lulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllUlllllillllllIIllllIlllllIIlllllllllIIIllllIIllllIlllllltllllIIllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Reporter Sports
llllllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIllllIIIllllllllllIIlllIIllllIIIllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllilll
papers finish season 2-16:
Tie for north place with joe
The Grinnell basketball team
ended its season last weekend
with defects at the hands of
simon and Lawrence. The team
went 2-16 in Midwest Conference play to tie too for north
place.
The Pioneers met defeat Friday as a strong simon squad
won 93761. Roger Able, Thor
johnson and Elliott l-links were
the only pioneer flowers in
double figures, hitting 17, 16,
and 11.
The silver game was Saturday, when the Lawrence ratings, led by Didr Schultz won
nuts. The year's high scoring
game was started by Schultz’s
45 point effort for the ratings.
High scores, in his last game
for the Pioneers, was Elliott
Hibbs, with 20 points. Also in
double ﬁgames were Able, 19,
Tom Hill, 12, and Tom Lower,
lo. mounting out the point
collection were: Mike Schwartz
and Thor johnson, 7; Bob Watt,
4; Jim Stephens, Steve drink
not], and Greg Rankin, z; and
Dave Donahoo, 1. Hill, Watt,
Stephens, and paintball also
ﬁlisted their Pioneer careers.
in conference scoring operates,
Hibbs’ 13.1 and Schwartz’s 12.9
place them about 15 from the
top
canyon in second
Mike canyon, a promising
sophomore tracking, ran a
4:34 mile for second place in
the North Central delays, canyon was one or three members
of the indoor track team that
made the trip to Napervilie,
111., Saturday, with Coach Gene
robert.
Happy
Vacation
_____—_————
The
earliest
salaries
in Town!
WAYNE'S STEAKHOIISE
"the In"
restaurant —cocktail lounge
speaks
Next to the Theater
ll Mt
By Bill Gray
Sunday marked the third year
in a row that Smith has won
1. M. bowling With three men
over 500, Smith totally 2402 to
2270 for second place liable.
High scores went to John ideal
with a 213, Dan Markmann a
212 and Steve Hunt 3 211. Hunt
had a 511 to take high series
while Stick-god, alias SpareRib, alias Rick Kuethe con»
[rolled his banana ball well
enough to total 537. Markmann
at 526, ideal at 523 and Pete
Pauw at ads were the only other
borders to crack the 500 mark.
The scores seemed to he a good
deal lower this year than last,
probably due to the fact that
the people on North Campus are
studying harder and have less
time for fun.
At least one person hash’t
been studying, though, and that
is yours truly who has im»
jersey himself in basketball
Sports
statistics in order to bring you
the permanent trivia you see below. In the Truesdale race,
Smith has 2415 followed by liable with 2055 and North with
1910i These totals do not include
rock points or references penalties, The athletes now take a
month Vacation before beginning the softball wars.
In the girls’ I. M. badminton,
Cindy Root won singles, a ver-
ﬂy that must rank up there
with death and taxes. Among
the mere rentals, Ann market
took second. years also sweet
douglas as Jeanne McConnell
and Marie terrorist captured
ﬁrss and Diane Gray and Marie
long, also of Moore, took the
runnereup spot. It was year's
second team championship in a
row, having won bowling a week
earlier. Lesson for the week:
the Anderson trophy is decided
p r l m a r fly on participation
points and the percentage of the
hall participating.
Leading flowers “A" Teams
Dick lovely
Carl Guhman
Rich McGinn
Bob quote
Steve MacDowell
Jlm Poison
Paul Thurston
Dan Markmann
Rick Brecunier
Bill clinton
Clark
Langan
watson
Gates
Gates
West
liable
Smith
liable
East
19.4
18.4
18.3
18.3
16,8
16.8
16.6
15.1
15.9
15.5
Leading flowers “B" Teams
Derek Te waste
Don Soiltliworth
Sam Carroll
Dave Schatz
Steve Carroll
Bill Gray
Dick Wall
Dick Schneider
sorry Nelson
Ron books
East
liable
Clark
watson
West
liable
West
North
South
liable
23.8
18.3
17.3
15.1.
14.9
14.5
14.3
13.8
13.6
13.1
Final Combined Standings
Team
liable
Clark
Smith
North
Langan
West
South
Gates
watson
East
Cowles
own
100
7-3
1&2
5—5
7-3
5-5
278
55
37
1-9
oak?
“B”
971
9-1
64
82
55
6—4
55
1-9
241
4—6
0710
Total
19-1
16-4
14.6
1&7
1278
11-9
1.13
6-14
5-15
5-15
2-18
 
Dean‘s List Additions
The allowing names have
been added to the Dean’s List
for the first semester, 196667:
Craig plain
Robert Asbille
Mark Beardsley
Laura Sample Bradford
William created
gazette would
Robert Katz
Philip simpson
Washington Semester
Sophomores interested in
spending the first semester of
their junior year studying the
U. 5. Government firsthand are
tried to contact James S.
roger (political science) as
soon as possible for reforms-
tion and an application to the
Washington Semester program.
 
Women score
in Volleyball,
badminton
Last Saturday Grinnell's girl’s
volleyball team and badminton
players faced state-wide competition at State College or iowa.
Cindy Root, longer National
Junior Women’s Badminton
Champion won hanging against
her opponents to take [11!
singles competition.
Anne market and Terry class
placed second in the douglas
tournament. Carol boston and
Mary James also played in
douglas Competition.
With a 3-0 record, the volleyball team met its first detect or the season against
State College or Iowa, By no
testing Wartburg College Grinhell was eligible for the corporation match. Grinnell ﬁrally
lost to the covering (two members were 6’1”) Iowa State
University team in a very close
match, giving Grinnell fourth
place out or a ﬁend at ten.
Participants in the tournament were: Captain Marie
long, Linda hotel, Carol Burke,
quality marshall, Ruth Ann
may, Anne wrapped and Dori:
Morgan
Exclusive!
DuBa try
Cosmetics
and
Siuolcl for Men
at
THARP Pharmacy
“GRAND—D 1H: nuorrrrrr or CIA me
tiviry in the ﬁend or immanent m.
sent .errors, it might still have seemed
lo the public .nd to Congress. n the
tech [ind been opened term them,
that name other canon- organization.
beside: NSA should have Ihmd in
they-rgenemndrhalnmontlheyoun‘
shit-bus sent to do trim in the im
terrorism conclude: a [but [Ind anti.
Communist. And even an focus'onul
enthusirrtiewm.
american might
have been i...
proved."
m a tm copy st in
to..." lrru. or No.
norm renew, wait-
... depth cv-l, tax r.
radiation!
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
Item. from th- Post false-
 
Page Eight
The Grinnoll REPORTER
 
Civilian government in Vietnam?
the generate still ala/ll the cards
By Howard hottest
The Collegiate Press Service
El). NOTE: Howard Moffett, 1565‘
66 editor of the Yale Daily News.
has, for several months, been a dealtime corresponding in South Vietnam
for the Collegiate Press Service is the
second of a series of reports to air
year in the reporter.
SAIGON, South Vietnam (CPS) -American officials, the press, and vietnamese politicians are setting the stage
hero for a dramatic transfer of power
from military santa to elected civilian
Government, South diet Nam's new-
constitution will be ready by the end
of March. in April local elections will
be held in an estimated 39 per cent
of the country’s tablets. By September
the nation may have a july elected
president.
The constitutes Assembly in downtown Saigon buzzes with emergency
speeches. careful politicians say the
new Constitution could be the first step
toward true democracy — if the military will guarantee honest elections.
-American officials talk of a “new pt»
optical atmosphere,” and point to the
temporary block in the Assembly as
the seeds of future political parties.
The American press is already focusing on possible candidates for the
providence.
Military runs Vietnam
But make no mistake, the military
still runs South Vietnam. Beneath the
surface of Civilian politicians there are
clear signs that the generate intend to
play a dominant role ice some time
to come.
No one is better qualified to speak
for South Vietnam’s military establish
ment than Lt. Gen. Nguyen Van chief.
At 42 the French-trained chief is Chief
of State, Commander in Chief of the
Armed Forces, and Chairman of the
Ionian National Leadership Committee
(or santa) by whose grace Air Vice
partial Ky covered. chief is a small
man, \with a bright young face devoid
of Wrinkles. Yet his Voice is heavy
and authorization, and he pumps oc<
nationally on an impressive English
pipe with a leather-covered bowl. His
finest hour in combat came when, as
a colored, he commander the troops
that assembled Diem’s palace in the
1963 Revolution.
General chief spent almost an hour
this afternoon.talking off the cuff in
his wellrappoinled office at General
Staff Headquarters. what emerald was
a pretty clear picture of how the gem
deals size up the Current excitement
about civilian rule. In brief, they area’t
nearly as excited about it as the
divisions.
Underlying everything he said was
one idea: South Vietnam is in a
crisis situation, of which the War is
only one part; or all the major problems facing the country, there is not
one that divisions are equipped to handle
as well as the military. Listen to his
reasoning as it came out in the course
at the interview. You may not like
everything he said, but you‘ll have a
much better idea of what is likely to
happen in south Vietnam in the
near future, and what inn’t.
He began by saying that the constitution should be promulgated and an
elected government established as soon
as possible. He thought the first would
take a month and a half, and hoped
for the second within four to five
months after that.
Questions and answers follow. with
commentary in parentheses.
Q. General chief, are you satisfied
with the present draft of the Constitution, or do you feel the legislative
acid judicial branches have been given
too much power? will South Vietnam
need a stronger executive?
A. Well you know, some members of
the constitutes Assembly Want to run
too fast toward democracy. 1 think in
general the Constitution is taking shape
well, but some parts of the draft are
not realistic toward the real situation
of the country. But we are continually
talking With the Assembly members,
and I think there will be time to explain to them and have these parts
changed.
(Score one for the military: supervision the training of a civil Constitution, Talks between the santa and the
Assembly have in fact been going on
for some time. They began when it
looked like the two groups might class
over controversial Article'ZO of degree
Law 11, which gives the generate the
preparation of spending the Assembly's
Constitution unless overridden by a twothirds vote.
santa pressing Assembly?
General chief's comment underground
another question which has puzzles oi»
servers here for some time: is the
santa bringing pressure on the Assembly
members to get objectionalbe sections
changed, or is the compromising actually suitable? The importance of the
question lies in the fact that the Assenibly’s slowly rising public statute
derived largely from its independent,
almost deviant picture toward the military government. if it comes out that
pollution or pressure is involved, the
new Constitution may be politicians
dead before the ink is dry.)
Q. What parts of the draft are you
referring to, specifically?
A. Primarily the election of province
chicks. This is democratic and ideal<
isaac, but it is not practical for the
present time of war, or for many years
after the war. The province chicks will
have to be appointed by the executive
and coordinated through the central
government. We are a small country,
you know, and we cannon afford independent states with elected governing
like you have. . . .For some time more
we will need to maintain army officers
as province chicks. This is a difficult
job, and it requires a man of action,
a military man. A
(Score two {or the military: province
administration.)
Progress of war
i asked a series of questions about
the progress of the war. General chief
replied, “it is Very clear that for a
year the diet long have had no momentum. They have no more hope of
winning large bottles such as in 1964
and 1965. They won’t sense any provinces. They are still infiltrating, of
course, but we can handle this problem."
(Score three for the generate: defects
ing the virulent will long.)
Q. General chief, there has been
much talk of peace in recent weeks.
Do you see any chance for a nego—
listed settlement at the present title?
Are there any circumstances under
which the government or South Vietnam
might enter into peace’ talks with canon
or the NLF?
A. We have to be frank and just. We
have been at war for 20 years. The
reason we are fighting, and the reason
America is fighting with us, is that
we do not want a Communist invalid.
But we want peace, we want South
Vietnam to be quiet. We would accept
a just and renewable peace, if canon
would stop its invasion. But there are
no signs yet that canon wants peace.
They are still convinced they can win
—not so much militarily now. but politicians. So i see no move toward
peace yet. Remember too, they may
be under pressure from China to con
since the war, even if l-panel might
want peace.
gossip es of peace?
Q. But General chief, there seem
to be signs now that Ho Chi Minh
might settle for less than a victory. it
is well known that Russian supplies for
North Vietnam have been stopped at
the Chinese border, and the recent
chaos in China may mean that China
will no longer be able to pressure
canon into continuing the war. A news
paper report yesterday cited North
Vietnamese sources in Hong Kong as
saying that Ho Chi Minh no longer
feels he can win the war and is looking for a possible associated peace, in
which the National generation Front
might have the minor share of a coalition government. Would terms like
these be acceptable to South Vietnam?
A. Up to now we do not recognize
the possibility of the NLF as a political entity in a Coalition government.
When canon is feeling weak, then it
will withdraw its forces, and then I
believe the NLF will collapse. They are
not strong enough to Continue fighting
by themselves.
Military role in future?
Q. Suppose a future civilian government were to seek peace negotiations?
Would the military feel completed to
prevent it?
A. We do not feel a coalition government would be acceptable to the Vlet<
namely people, All people in South
Vietnam -- students, politicians, all of
them _ are afraid of a coalition government because our political structure is
not yet strong enough to counter the
political forces or the diet long organization. We are not well enough organ.
ized.
(It is true that South Vietnam’s nonCommuuist political structure is trail
— documented, disorganized, factionridden and dropped up by a host of
tested interests. It is also true that many
Vietnamese nationalists would sincerely
like to strengthen it before a peace
is signed, in order to prevent a diet
long political tour de force.
it is recently unique, on the other
hand, that no South Vietnamese would
accept a associated peace and a coalition government, Even among those
who have no sympathy for the diet
long. there is growing feeling that the
war must be stopped. Some students,
religious leaders and politician-intellecturals have said primarily in recent
weeks that they are willing to take
their chances with peace and politics,
knowing full well that the diet long
have the single stainless political machine in the country.
But the army is infringement, and the
generate still hold the cards. If the
v.5. ever decided it wants to associate
in Vietnam, it will have to pursuant
the santa as well as Ho Chi Minh and
the NLF. So score four for the military“
arbitratmg a “just and renewable"
peace.)
Friday. March I1, Ivor
Q. General chief, how long do you
think it will take to organize political
parties that may stand up to the diet
long?
A. That will be a very long pro
less — perhaps ten years. You must
remember that we have never had an
opportunity to organize democratic parties in Vietnam (He cited conditions
under the French, Diem, etc.) But we
cannon have a true democracy without
strong political parties. One of the jobs
of the future government should be to
help parties to organize and strengthen
themselves. The only parties we have
now are very old and documented.
Problems of new government
Q. Do you mean to reply that the
army might serve as a possible base
for one of the strong political parties
you invision?
A. i am against political parties in
the army. (in the other hand, if any
retired military men wanted to organize a party using other retired army
men, that might be good. Army discipline would give them a strong
organization.
(Score five for the military: providing a skeleton on which to hang a
fleshrandrblood political party. Though
the idea may be represent to Americans, the alternatives for non-tommy
list Vietnamese are just not that hope
fun at the present junction. Both American officials and Vietnamese general!
are paying close attention to Korea’:
experiment with soldiersrturned-polititicians. What an army party might do
is force the documented groups of civilian nationalists into forming one
large party of their own. Nothing else
has brought them together.)
Q. What problems will room largest
for the new government when it take:
over next fall, General chief?
A. Their problems will be the same
as ours: defense and security, notification, refugees, the Open Arm program Many of these will require
military management. Soldiers are more
qualified to handle them than divisions
would be, divisions would have no
ladies, no trained leaders, no resources
for rural reconstruction. In a crisis
situation, the nation must depend on
the military. For example, when the
situation turned bad under Diem, he
had to call on the army. It is the
same now.
"War has been interesting"
Q. General chief, how have the generate of the Directory reached to carrying the responsibilities of the nation
for almost two years? Are they tired,
would they like to return to strictly
military duties, or do they enjoy serving in this capacity?
A. (with a laugh) Well, we are not
tired -« I have been fighting all my
life. It's been very interesting ~ the
direction of the country in warning and we’re Very encouraged with the
results.
(No comment. Score as many as you
like for the military.)
General chief is right. The army can
do many things that divisions in Vietnam are neither equipped nor prepared
to do. The one thing that the generate
can not do is win the enthusiastic sun
port of the people. That being the case,
the View from here is that this frus‘
trading war, supported by no one ex<
cent those who are fighting is likely
to continue in its present vein until
either the diet long or the ARVN run
out of foreign support.
ADDRESS HERE:
oEaIIOD lIGGUEJD
suernviea siiqnd
 
