Grinnell College
9' 9mm
 
Vol LXXIV
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday, March to. ”67
No. 22
 
Revised Court Proposal Approved By Senate;
Next Must Pass Faculty. Student references
By Richard Schnelrov
Wednesday night the Senate
approved a slightly revised version of the community court
proposal in a marathon three
hour session. The proposal was
made in the form of a constitution in the judicial and
legislative sections of the SGA
toy—laws. .
The approved proposal will
be presented to a special faculty meeting Monday. it ap—
proved, the bylaws will be submitted to'a student references
where a so percent majority
Will he required for notification.
In its anal form the proposal
provides for a judicial court of
three students and three faculty members and a policymakiilg committee consisting of
three faculty members and the
Executive Cabinet. The policy
making committee will replace
the present FCSA in function,
The approved change in the
by-laws suffered in a number
of areas from the proposal sub
fitted to students February 18.
There were no major revisions,
however. Probably the most important change was in the form
of an amendment that would
allow senators and mail vicepresidents to be eligible for
membership in the judicial Council. Originally. senators and
vice-treatments were eliminated
from consideration.
The Senate approved two additional changes, The first one
provided that the appointment
or student representatives to
the court would occur on December 1 anti May 1 instead
of April 15 as previously calculated. The second change provided that the chairman of the
court serve a one semester term
and be allowed to succeed himself. ,
In its final form the proposal
does not encourage specific
procedures for the court.
Rather, it established guide
lines within which the court will
exercise considerable freedom.
Much of the Senate meeting
was taken up by an inrdepth
discussion of two amendments:
one submitted by Senator David
Swee, and the other by Senator
Roger Koenkerr Swee’s amend-
ment raised an important question: What will happen in the
court in the case of a tie vote?
His amendment calling for the
court to submit its case to the
President of the college was
rejected by the Senate on the
See SENATE on Page 10
Apartments for Women Pending;
Finances Will Influence Decision
By Susan Fogg
Ofﬂcampus apartments for
women will he a reality next
year pending a decision by the
Executive Committee of the
Board of Trustees. According
to Mrs. Alice Low, Dean of
Women, the decision on the
proposal and on the number
of women to be allowed to live
off campus is limited by ﬁspecial considerations, not policy
or philosophy. The difficulty is
whether or not the college budget can afford to lose the board
money in order to believe over<
crossing in the quad.
Applications for apartments
(accompanied by parental permission for Women who will be
 
THE 12 NEWLY ELECTED MEMBERS er
the AWS Board did. together at the
Quad in celebration at their victory in
tuesday'r elections. lLRl Lynn. russian,
Small rico.- holly Priest, and men. too-
par. orhm elected were ricky service,
Janet michel, Juno Siroclto, gazette Durant. Scotti. Ray, honda Thomas, money
water, and H.l.n Holsclaw.
Photo by sign Kaeser
under ZI next year) are due
anytime between now and the
first week alter spring hreeir.
Dean Low feels that the women will bo chosen by lottery
from the names of those applying if the number of applicants is more than the Board
of Trustees recommends.
The problem of represented
tion of the off-campus women
on the AWS Board came up
at last Monday's board meet
ing. a twelfth board'member
was elected by the South campus dwellers. If the proposal
does not go into effect, one
of the present board members
will be forced to step down.
Karen Lauterbach has several
sensitive plans for handling
this problem it it should arise,
but she feels optimistic about
the proposal’s chances.
Applications stating a desire
to move off-campus, and the
reasons for this move, (and
written parental permission it
necessary) are to be addressed
to the Dean of women. Ape
podcasts are not eligible for
room drawings. If a girl can<
not find an apartment by the
end of the spring semester,
she will then have to pick from
the remaining rooms in the
quad.
Meyer designs
Richard D. Meyer. Director ot Theater, submitted his
designation to President suggest this week, The administration has as yet made no
official comment.
 
lIillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllilllllllllllil
New Student Auditor
Pot Cavanaugh, a sophomore
math major, has been account<
ed Student Auditor for a oneyear term beginning March I8.
Pat served as business manager of the 1967 cycling until
its device in December. He is
also a member of the Board of
Publications. '
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllilllllillllllllllllllllllillllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllll
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
yes-s
HOUSE or THE ARTS in the radical sense, the while
building at |022 Park Street houses artistic activity as
well at its products. These boys, along with over low
other local youngsters, explore many different kinds of
artistic media under the supervision oi Grinnell College
art maiori, see story page 5.
Photo by Susan Kueser
PPPE Sponsored fligeitaub Will Stress Involvement,
Senator Church Four-Point Communication Program
To Visit Campus
Sen. Frank Church , (Dem,—
Idaho) will visit Grinnell March
14 as a political lectures and
politicianainaresidence.
Sponsored by the Program in
Practical Political Education,
Church will participate in l
“Meet the Press" question and
answer session with Gl‘innell's
political reporting interim at
4:15 pm. Tuesday in the South
Lounge of the Forum. Then at
8:00 pm, he will lecture on
“The inseparabllity of homes»
tit: and Foreign Politics" at
the same location.
Elected to the Senate in 1956
at the age of 32 and re-elected
in 1962, the Idaho Democrat
has been a member of the
Foreign Relations Committee for
eight years and is chairman of
the Subcommittee on international Organization Affairs. He
is the third—ranking majority
member of the Interior Comniittee, and chairman of its
Subcommittee on Public Lands
and is a member of the US.
delegation to the United Nations.
He was the keyword speaker at
the 1960 Democratic National
Convention.
By Dan Bucks
“whether guest the C of HP?"
the interpreted asked.
“To Involvement via-Communication," answered Bill Fligeltaub, with fin optimize characteristic of C of HP President
alerts.
queries as to the nature of
this land of Involvement the
new student ”
leader indices— ‘
ed that, “Involve m e n t
dress't necessarily mean
activity such
as attendance
of students at
senate meet<
inns or other
official active— Fliqelmb
ties, but means keeping the students aware of what student
leaders and groups on campus
are doing and keeping them better prepared to respond to
campus ideas and proposals."
To foster the Information flow
necessary for student response
to ideas and events, Fligeltaub
intense to implement a fourpoint communication program:
(I) The representation of u
Council of Hall Vice treatments
that would meet with resident
advisors to exchange ideas on
problems of common content
especially those relating to
freshmen adjustment.
(2) The establishment of regular meetings between ho
councils and the newly promo
campus Judicial Council to help
clarity issues concerning rule em
agreement.
(a) The Encouragement 0!
house president: to accurately
inform their calls of campus
issues. (4) The confirmation n!
the process of increased corporation of the C of HP and till
AWS Board,
On substantial questions, Fligeltaub feels that the issue of st
sent privacy should be deal
with through the formation of I
student open forms committed
that would gather limitation pro.
gray information from other
computer and then make recommendations to student leaders. After general campus dice
session on the question, the leaders would present a set of “realistic proposals" to the vacuum
and administration.
In regard to rule eniorcemeﬁ,
Fligeltaub contents that a dell:
elite C of HP enforcement solid]
is continuing upon the clarkﬁnation of the role of a Judicial
Council and of its disc'mlinarl
policies.
 
The Draft —
The government has proposed limitations on student
determine; the affluent must live the laws they create.
Let them bear the pain of their trustees. But the morning after the war — no more automated “service", no
commission. Community is not created, but born of love.
— D. R. D.
Protest, 30’s Style-
The “Evening of Protest, 1930’s Style" was a rare chance for
the community feeling that can exist at Grinnell to be felt and
expressed. Faculty, students, and administration completely imported themselves and united in spontaneous fun. The group
that provided the ”storm” Mr,
Robert salary’s home afternoon
indicated by their excitement the need and the potential for fellowship in a small school. Times like this should happen more
often: they are healthy and explanation.
All Together Now . . .
my
 
 
—L.S. & S. .
STUDENTS AND FACULTY in the instructors american Studies request. dogs a protest "l730's title."
News
christopher to Come
Brand Blanshard, a scholar
who has been trained as the
“christopher's christopher,"
will meet informally with students and make three public ap<
guarantee on campus March 1315.
Blanchard, sterling professor
americas of philosophy at Yale,
was chairman of Yale's philosophy department from 1945 to
1950 and again from 1959 to
will. His twovolume book “The
Nature of Thought” published
in 1940 was rated by n Philosophical resolution committee
as one oi the ten outstanding
works on philosophy produced
in the United States since 1900.
Blanshard will speak Monday
at 8:00 pm, in the South
lounge on “Reason and Feel-
Briefs
ing in Present-Day Ethics."
Tuesday at 4. pm. he will
lead an open philosophy cells
quick and at 8:00 p.n1. will
speak on “Conformity and the
Individual Mind." He will also
speak on Wednesday at 8:001
New Hall treatments
Newly elected men’s house
prospects are: Steve McDowell, Gates: Harry Ruth,
liable; Richard Weeks, Langan; Tom Russell, Cowles;
Paul nice, Clark; John files,
West morris; Jim Wilson,
East morris; Mel Thompson,
watson; Roy Walker, Smith
and Ron Cogswell, North
counter. The results for
South counter were unavailable at press time.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, march l0, I967
A Faculty Opinion
“Community Court"
By John prospect
(Classical Languages)
Two weeks ago, the editor oi the sail presented her view on the proposed reform of the
college’s musicians system, The viewpoint was,
quite naturally and properly, that of the std«
cents. The proposal, however, presents certain
problems to other parts of the collective community, totally, lthink, to the faculty.
Now one does not expect students to defend
the faculty from rangers; that responsibility is
highway leii to the faculty itself. Perhaps. though,
it is fair to point out that the welfare of the community as a whole is affected by whatever happens to he one of its pass, and the faculty is, in
some sense, a legitimate and even important
part of the community.
In the proposed system, there will be two
groups: a Judicial Council and an updated committee on “policy evaluation and recommendation," The 5&3 editorial struck at the heart of
the committee on policy when it questioned the
committee’s membership: three members from
the administration, three from the faculty, and
three from the student body.
It seems to me even more
money of comment, however,
to note that the Judicial Council
has no members from the administration. Now I submit
that a so-called "Community
Court” which has no member—
ship from the administration
can scarcely represent the
“community”—to say nothing )r , _
of the fact that other com
frequencies are left out also: M" c"°“°"
trustees, parents, and alumni. In short, the Judicial Council, made up only of faculty and students in equal numbers, is to pass judgment on
students and to sentence them. The president remains final say over the Council's decisions, but
he has no part in them. Such an arrangement in«
valves the faculty in responsibility Without giving it any real power, and even worse, it makes
the faculty serve as a “butter" in the constant
struggle between students and administration.
The President of the college is charged, by
the by-laws, with responsibility for the conduct
of students. It is no part of the faculty's duties
to believe him of this responsibility, either in
part or in whole. The faculty, by its unique post«
tion, could serve as a season between the students
and the administration— but it can do so only
if it is not involved in passing judgment. Faculty
members are here primarily to teach the students; their only professional right to pass judgment comes in their professional conference:
the classroom and its academic concomitants,
such as tests and grades. It would seem that the
5&3 and the SGA should rise up in graph at the
very idea of having academic persons pass on
social violations; to accept such a Judicial Council is to accept the idea that the academic and
the social are necessarily interested, a position
which, as I understand it, both the Sim and the
SGA have denied.
As both faculty and students are split on this
question, it would seem possible first to investigate whether the academic and the social are
bound together. It the parts are separate, then
we do not have a community and hence no right
to a “community court”; if they are linked, then
adequate representation should be given to all
parts of the community, and the community includes parents and alumni and administration. I
would propose that any “community Court" have
equal representation from all the constitutional
of the community. Such a court — it we agree
that there is a “community“ made up of social
and academic interests — would consist of members from the following: trustees; administration; faculty; students; alumni; parents. Such a
committee, whether suffering three numbers
from each group or fewer, would, of course, be
unwieldy: parents, alumni, and trustees can
scarcely be expected to travel to the college each
time some student choices to village a rule and
gets caught. It is clear that a "community
court” which represents all the constitutional
fairly has no management meaning; to omit one
or more of the constitutional is to belle its name
and its nature,
My reason tion writing this column is twofold!
first, to indicate argument about the philosophic
foundations of the College; second, to protect myself and my colleagues on the faculty from being
used by both the students and the administration
for purposes not natural to us. in the past two
years, major decisions about the social life of
students have twice been presented to the “community" as if the faculty approved: (1) the res
form of life in the calls on North Campus; (2)‘
the relaxation or evolution of women‘s hours. In
neither case, has the faculty been allowed to
vote, although its opinions have been unlimited.
Since the President announced his intention, bath
to faculty and students, to “literature” Women's
hours before collecting the faculty’s opinion, and
workers whether that opinion could have much‘
meaning I might add here that the SH! seems
to be assuming that women’s hours are to be
done away with entirely; I would suggest to the
editors, and to the students in general, that. nothing in the President’s remarks can be construct
quite so literally. Failure to appreciate this
point may only lead to more operators Complaints about a “lack of communication”; 1
would argue that there has been no lack of cornmunicalion but rather a lack of intelligent interpretation.
The proposed reform of the musicians system
does not state its origin, but one of the agencies
involved is the Faculty Committee on Student Allfairs. it should be observed that this committee
does not represent the faculty, for it is not a
regular faculty committee. It is instead a press<
general committee and reports directly to him.
In its illustrations and in those of the administration, the faculty is no better all than the students: it has a related voice and no vote whatsoever. Before students draw any conclusions about
the function or attitude of the faculty in all this
business, they should be aware of these facts.
 
 
charles and Black
ontNNELL comic:
Grinncll. Inn
A weekly newspaper published path Friday or the
college year by the Grinncll Committee on student road
licauous. lieprcssnrcd for national advertising by Na~
_ Kryuyn. Neumul
Susan wto
. Suunne ceihcr
, i-build nikon, richard dumb,
Paul Nuhmlli, Richard schnrlrov
harry Ancont
physics Murary
susan Range!
Min. Deiolc. chuck nrmchock
.lohu roll
Ir a a. ey, Jul Hlle, Andy isms,
Ed Spethninn. susan rogg, ooo Wlnney,
Dave nllloo, mu Gray, alloy She:
TECHNICAL surmvrson ..... ..__ _
assocurr. EDITOR
animals. STAFF .
SPORTS EDITOR
sources ASSISTANT
cards PHOTOGRAPHER .
ausmcss sure
severe: CONSULTANT
nnronrma snrr .
,iicnry Wilhelm
Letters . . .
On the Draft
To the Editor:
it appears as it the nation’s
juvenile properties for fairplay in matters which should
more properly be dealt with
on the basis of national secilriv
ty interests has finally overtaken our sage executive leadership, One cannon but be somewhat certified by the logic of
the new system of random in.
safety, which runs something
to the effect that since we do
not have to draft everybody,
some people are avoiding military service altogether by getting educated (shame, shame).
Therefore we ought to do
away with graduate departments (and maybe even undergraduate departments) and let
our bright people take their
chances. Never mind that it is
in our interest at least to in»
sure these people that they
will be able to finish their ad
stations. Never mind that We
can do this more easily and
nationally because the currencies oi the present world situation do not force us t/u draft
every one. Fair is fair,
One might go on fascinating
for several hours and pages
against President Johnson’s
balls draft suggestions; however, we think that the point
has been made We would like
to conclude by taking note of
two stories which strike us
most strongly in this, the
winter of our respondent. First,
it seems erotic that college
students, through the doctrinrloire application of leitisblib<
oral formulae to problems of
military construction, have
succccdcd in knitting their own
threats.
recently, it seems to be one
or those “supreme stories" of
history that the elementary
scholars of 1957 — those children who were suddenly operated to “waveol-lhsrucure"
status by the Russian Sputnik,
and who were to be the immediate beneficiaries of the
new educational revolution a
have in 1967 become the potential victims of a new draft
law which expense: anti
tellectuallsm in the interests
or “fair-play," Not satisfied
with modelling most of Vietnam, the Administration is out
to level American society It
has said to the colleagues of
this country, “Go away, We
don't need you anymore; the
missile gap is closed.
Stephen thunder
Erik lil. discussed
James A. try
See MORE LE'ATERS Page 10
 
Mind! to I!"
By David wilson
in 1958, the Board at Trustees
pleased that all students would
bl admitted to Grinnell on the
basis of character and ability,
regardless oi family income. To
implement this policy, the
Placement and Student Aid notice was strengthened, greater
funds were obtained, while more
leﬁred criteria of distribution
Were developed.
But recent annual tuition
raises pose an even greater
challenge it the college is to
expand its democratic base.
How may we face rising costs,
And maintain a broad social
cross-section in our student
body?
Although other liberal arts
colleges have faced similar fl<
special demands, the need to
provide adequate compensation
bid is obvious. At present, Grinhell is meeting this need. 0pfortunity for students from low
score backgrounds has expanded. Maintenance at this
capability depends on the con»
(teen of the entire campus community with long-range goals,
immediate resources, and fu<
more prospects of the assistance
program.
Written during the armenia<
tuition of former President How
url women, the comprehensive
fee in 1960-51 was $1,975. Pro-
’actions made that year estimated an increase to $2,475 by
196667, $2,525 by 1967-68, and
52,700 by 1910-71. in fact these
guidelines halloween easily extended, as next year's costs
are set at $2,900.
In 1960-81, student aid was
targeted at $241,400. By this
ear, according to Nicholas D.
yen, Director of Placement and
Student Aid, gift funds administered by the college adjusted to $250,000 in addition, approximately slooooo was available for longitude loans,
while campus employment contributed $100,000 more. This col—
legs controlled aid total of
$610,000 is produced from annual operating expenses, enjoyed and designated grants, and
ovemment loan funds (including National release Student
Loans - NDSL).
The latter are still a major
component oi the assistance en—
comment; however, Grinneil’s
NDSL allocation was reduced
about 40 per cent this year.
ordered national participation
in NDSL and restricted federal
budgets have forced many
schools to face cuts in these
appropriations.
At the same time, funds available to low-income students
have rapidly mounted. The powerseller grants to Grinnell, modelling $240,000 were specifically
designated for students in mod—
state or low financial brackets.
They were spread over a seven
year period beginning in 1964.
This $27,000 from the new fedederal E c o n o m i c Opportunity Grants. Undergraduates demonstration exceptional financial
need may be provided with $200
to $800 from government re«
sources, while the college contribute: an equal matching student. As future entering alan
ties are brought under this plan,
its value should increase.
Analysis
l Siildelit ii
A similar benefit will accrue
from plate of iowa Scholarships, which presently provide
$20,000 at financial aid. shell‘ availability to incoming resident
freshmen offer further opportunities for study at Grinnell.
Many Students in the middle
or upper-middle income levels
are taking advantage at a new
U. 5. government sponsored program: the guaranteed loan. associated through a private bank
or lending agency, the loan is
underwritten by a state or nonprofit agency. The government
pays up to 6 percent interest
while the moreover is in college, covering interest to 3 percent alter graduation (for semi—
lies With becomes under $15,000).
Payments do not begin until nine
months alter completing one’s
education, and may on extended
up to ten years.
Having reviewed existing
channels oi aid, we may ask
what future directions assistance
planning should take in the
light oi its basic objectives.
voting that in 1960, only 12 per
cent of Grinnell students were
(ml-n families with below-average income, Former President
Howard women stated, “This I
regard as a wellness from the
standpoint oi diversity of the
student body. To correct this
wellness we need a substantial
sum each year to be used ex—
clusively to aid outstanding
young men and women from
low-income families. . . Such
students, when carefully selected, would be a appendix condition to the student body."
The availability oi government
funds and such private donations
as the powerseller grants has
for the time being provided an
adequate response.
But, should National Defense
Students Loans be further restricted, what alternatives could
be pursuit? The answer may
lie in “full-cost pricing”. As
described by Dr. women, fullcost pricing “would provide, in
street, that families pay what
they can reasonably afford for
the education of their children
up to the limit oi the full cost,
and that educational subscribe
derived from taxes and philanthropy be devoted exclusively
to adding those students who
cannon afford the full cost."
In a similar context, women
proposed to “increase substantially the funds for low-income
students by increasing the prlr
portion of full paying students
and reducing the proportion of
middle-income brackets who receive ﬁspecial aid. The money
thus saved could be directed to
the lowest-income group."
While women considered the
complete adoption or this proposal to be impractical in 1960,
he clearly considered it as A
possible future method to maintain on open community. Now
may be a iruitiul time for the
college to review this suggestion.
Many factors must be weights,
including the chance for foundation backing and the success
oi a similar plan at washington.
It may be noted that by 1960.
student fees covered 70.4 per
cent of full operating costs, as
> See STUDENT MD on Page 10
hl——l
ICARLBT AND ILACK
AFROTC Class at Grinnell . . .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ms courses of an Fm. instruction it nor in. man of he. inquiry by an
in Ivlduel. our mil." ii directed by in. institutional needs .t in. Air Force."—-Re-
bsri S. white.
Photo by Liiah Mario-
3 Opinions on AFROTC
Grad Suggests
Dean centers
Omer Explains
english Program Offers Comment AFROTC Program
by Robert s. volvo
iii Note: Robert worth, is
I 1980 graduate oi Grinnell,
was a history major and a
member of the Air Force preserve 0 l t i c e r 3 Training
Corps. Alter graduation he
served as 15! Lieutenant in the
Air Force from 1960 In 1963.
He is currently working on
his PhD at the University of
california, Berkeley.
To Members of the Grinnell
College Academic Community:
For a number of years Grinnell College has extended to an
Air Force R.0.T.C. attachment
the privileges normally reserved for academic departments. I believe these privileges
should be withdrawn for the
following reasons:
1)one Air Force is a government agency whose members
are legally bound to carry out
its policies. These policies in»
crude statements about national
defense requirements with their
foreign and domestic political
implications, as particular (highly favorites) View of Air Force
his, as well as statements of
a moral nature concerning the
political uses or mass, organized
and often indiscriminate via«
hence. Reasonable men disagree
about all of these policies, and
siiould recognize the continuing
need for new and creative solutions to a highly precarious
World situation. Yet the content
of Air Force instruction is not
the result of free inquiry by an
individual, but rather is directed
by the institutional needs of the
Air Force. Should a local Air
Force instructor come to understandings different from Air
Force policy, he would be my
moved and replaced, therefore,
A.F.R.O.T.C. becomes a vehicle
for interpretation instead as previously determined goals are
sought in its classrooms.
2) The intellectual, moral,
and political questions which
See ABOLISH on page 11
my Richard Schnelrov
Dean Richard Winter's reply
to Robert S. White's Criticism
or the AFROTC program at
Grinneii was that “i can live
with this institution (the AF
ROTC) because I have confidence in the ability of the liberal
arts education to give alternative answers to the question
or war versus peace."
Disagreeing with volvo’s con<
mention that the program on
cottages a onevslded view or
the issue, centers claimed that
“We do have both viewpoints
at Grinneil, the AFROTC and
the liberal arts disciplines of
philosophy, humanities, religion
and the arts. I consider the
AFROTC a department of the
college, but I realize that there
are questions like Mr. howto's.
This is not a new issue and
it is not yet resolved.”
The AFROTC program was
establishing al Grinnell in 1951,
and until 1954, freshmen were
required to take part in the
program, Although centers was
unable to say why
originally began the program,
he did suggest that the com<
donation DI the low birth rate
of the depression years and the
advert of the Korean War resulted in a general showcase oi
college students during the ear—
ly 1950's, 50 Grinnell used the
AFROTC to attract male Students. “For many colleges or
this era. the program was a
salvation," he explained
centers added that the col»
legs annually turns out many
more Peace Corps volunteers
than it does officer candidates.
“We have a Peace Corps representative on campus as well as
the AFROTC representatives.
Whatever organizations our std<
cents are interested in, we try
to bring them here.“
He went on to say, however.
that “The numbers we‘re at
tracking to the slalom pair
gray may well cause its de-
San WINTERS on page to
Grinneli ,
By Albert 0. Omar,
Major, v,s.s.r.
(Aerospace studies)
Ed. Note: This news release iron-i the Department
or Aerospace Studies calm
meets on the role of the All
Force Reserve Dﬂacer Training Corps (ROTC) program.
It was written before Major
Omer read the letter at “I.
left. Major over refused to
comment on the letter.
The Air Force ROTC curriCIh
cum is designed to be the begin:
king step in professional educm
(ion for the Air Force officer
and is based upon the cases‘s in.
dividend responsibility for lﬂ‘
agreement in the educational
process.
The curriculum begins, for the
four year program, with the
General Military Course in the
freshman and sophomore years.
This course has as its focus an
examination of the scope of
world military systems and
their role in conflict and relations among nations.
The Professional 0 t l i c e r
Course in the last two years or
the program, is offered for both
the two and four year Air
Force ROTC programs. The
first year is a survey course on
the nature of war; the develop»
ment at air power in the United
States; the mission and organization oi the Department of De
sense; and the Concepts, dog‘r
tribe, and employment oi the
Air Force to support national
policy. Tile course also discusses
astronautics, space operations,
and the future development at
aerospace power.
The final year of the protest
visual officer Course deals with
the requirements or a proper
slovak Air Force officer, including the military justice system,
leadership in theory and proc
time. and the functions of mail
element.
See DMER on Page I
 
fly. Pout
E Hall decades from Carleton Women’s League E
By Paul mailman
testament that student government is responsible for enhancing only rules oi its own pro—
union has provided extensive
Inﬂghtiug within the Women's
League (WL) It Carlelon college, Northiield, Minnesota —
suits that may have implications for Grinnell accident beach
Irs.
According to the weekly
palestinian, the women students are essentially in agreement on the role and responsibilities of their government. But
1 Women's League Council
(comparable to Grinncll’l AWS
Board) decision to peter student rule-making until the tall
accused the women of Evans
Hall, whose members covered
his CRICKETT to be sp
immediate change, to temporarily secure ll'om the League.
Since components of student
participation in college social
policyamaking face an uphill
battle against a stubborn Carleton administration. several student leaders expressed fear
that Evans' radical move would
only hammer their eiiol'ta {or
change,
Said Carleton Student Asso«
station President Eric hands in
a statement for the palestinian;
"Our goal or student participation in the determination or
college policy has little support
among those in power. We must
not heaven our position by
clothing the issue. The students
in Evans ought to give their
support and cooperation to a
forthright move by all women
SCARLET AND ILACK
students toward student selfdetermination [h r 0 u g h WL
rehabilitation."
WL President Ann reminder
said, “The relevance in Evans
is really with Women’s League,
not with administration, on this
occasion."
In mid-February Carleton \women Voted to rideﬁne WL, our
mostly the collectible disorders,
as an organization solely represent'drive or the interests at the
Women students with no direct
respond y to the college
administration.
“This modification," explained Miss reminder, “resulted
from serious consideration oi
the value of Women’s League’n
role in enhancing college regulations which it has no say in
making.”
Apparently, no specific time
was set for the "modification"
so Women's League Council
decided to institute the change
next fall.
This decision to peter. action
was not supported by the entire
council. Several members, cons
corner that the college might
institute a paid tractor system
by next tall, tried that the
Council hold A second offered
dllnl [0 determine Whether the
women wanted to implement
the modification immediately or
Drill! For mounting around
campus, cycling through the park. or list looking great the casual
way take a hand-faced, cuff-collar cookie that ties up with a logged
rawhlde lace. ln rich, waxy leather
 
 
 
 
You now
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
papers of Brass or Block
E
in the tall. Their proposal was
detected.
This vote participated Evans’
withdrawal from \V o m e n ’ a
League and the designation of
three other hall treatments.
Evans leaders established an
independent hell government.
and a majority of the damn
women approved and held an
illegal open house Sunday, Fehe
pussy l9, run according to their
ownruies.
Carleton’s administration a—
green that it would take no
positive action concerning February 19's illegal opens in
Evans. but warned against definitions. Dean of Women Jean
Phillips tried charlie student
co-ed court assume responsibility in any further incidents.
Court officers refused to take
any action when they learned
that it they handed down a
decision of not guilty, the means
would go ahead and finish the
students involved.
Understanding that Evans
would remain the campus agreement it they held the pro—
based second references. the
Women’s League Council be
rapidly approved it. Evans remained, but Carleton women
voted 330 to has to delay change
in the Women's League role
until fall.
federal’liticn will encounter
still opposition from the admin
isolation. Dean Phillips said
HAMMAN'S
APPAREL
sessions for You
Swing
into
Spring!
Large Selection of New
Smart Style Sportswear
classes
Skirts
53.98 blacks
,0 Shorts
512,93 Jackets
In New Bright Colon
NEW SPRING DRESSES
Smart and Bright
All Sin:
3 devices to seniors
Straight Sizes 3 to 20
$12.98 to $39.95
Spring boats Br workers
$29.95 to $65.00
cargo Selection cuts
Friday, Month '0. Nb]
that a Women’s League decision to efforts only studentapproved rules would result in
a cancellation of open house»
until printers Could be found
for enforcement of the college
rules. She said she hopes to
strengthen Carleton's student
government but thinks that the
women’s current demands or.
“unrealistic."
we
Weekend
Film
WWW««
By Dale Dreyruss
This weekend, the big, silver
screen brings us Federico Follmi's La Strada.
This is selling’s fourth tllm
(1954). and it has been considered by some critics, along
with Nights of liberia, to represent the alex of development
for both the director and the
Italian journalist movement.
Using the extremely realistic, often start settings and
competitions that were the base
materials {or his earlier efforts, F. F. also uses prices—
signal, often realized acting to
achieve a synthesis that reveals
the indicate human edition of
containers as it contracts to the
bare, investing “streets" down
Whlcll we all walk.
he that as it may, the story
concerns the presentations of
a simple-linked girl crown and
a poor side show strong-man
who is presently out at work,
The crown without a laugh and
the strengths with only physical strength are architects, i
suppose, but selling works them
reply in the context of on
isolated, travelling circus. Like
most or his films, the central
ideas of La Strada are suspended in the mood and atmosphel‘e rather then planning
forth through the action; but
here, at least, the director ls
able to treat his subject without modeling it in the heavyhnnded cacophyony oi the sweet
like. This is selling in control,
which is selling at his has.
(50 shoot me.) .
La Strada goes on Friday at
lD':0[I pm. and Sunday at
9.00 pm. It's an awiully good
ﬂice. See it.
"GRANTED Tm: PROPRIETY 0! cm or,
til/its in rna ﬁend at international nu.
sent snorinitmight still have seemed
as the public and to Congress. it the
lists line hzcn opened hotel: rhsm.
who! ion): mass campus organizations
beside: NSA should have shared in
inelsrgsssa,nndrhstsmsnglhsyanng
Lochinvar; sent to do battle in the be
{emotional contracts s new hard arm'comment'sms and even an oresrionoz
enthusiastic pro<
American might
have been included.”
in s (to. easy oi 7h.
current writing? NA.
norm bmw, .int.
ta Depl. cr
:5 so N . 15. N.
HANSEN’S
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
 
Friday, March lo. my
A Student Opinion
SCARLEY AND BLACK
Page hiv-
 
C of HP Election No Mandate
By Steve thunder
In space of the template tries
of despite raised by campus
minerals that the recent CDfHF
election has proved beyond a
doubt the immutably conservative nature oi North Campus,
there ls much in the Campaign
and the election to suggest
quite the contrary. when one
considers that Theo Le maine,
a relative unknown, came within 28 votes or heating a formldable opponent who had had
long experience on the West
morris House Council and mariah contacts with students all
over North Campus, then it at
once appears that grounds for
liberal optimize are not unjustified. Last Week’s CanP election was not a mandate for
conservation on North Campus.
Indeed. if anything, it evidenced
a nearly even split among the
men o1 North Campus; liberalism on North Campus is any—
thing but a dead horse.
The new COEHP president will
have to take links Obvious schism
into account in the coming year.
He will be unable to pursue
Ii path totally to his own lib<
ing. it he were to do so, he
relatively
Pendletone
 
phil you condition has the
nowonl jackets in the holders
calm. out gaming top. The
Toorto'r that aeoy- going
lslsuu l-ekoi with noticed
calls! ohlrl fully , . . in
leather followed euro virgin
wool, im- XL. $19.00
andorra. undlelon'l sun
wolqnl" one ll sport min
with selection detail on collar
. and cum. S«M- XL. $15.00.
Come see our complete
selection ol pure virgin wool
Paudlalon sportswear In
bold new South ol the Border color . Todoyl
PPESION'S
would risk losing the support
or nearly half or his console
cents, thus determining his
position his-a-his the armenia—
station. Nor, even if he suddenly became so included, would
he be able to treat in Mr, Lo
maine’s liberal path, for again
he would preceding his position
in the eyes at the other mail
of his consequence,
Clearly. the new soil-1P president must carefully treat a
middle path; he must play the
role or a master politician. This
will be no easy task; it requires a great deal or political
virtue — fact, running, ﬂexibil»
ltd — a willingness to device
many hours a week to the tasks
or explaining, negotiation, operating, and so on. The awesome-
news oi the task becomes even
more impressive when one cons
orders the Conn> President's
anonymous position between ad<
registration, students, and other
student leaders, as he operates
within the context oi that political iniemo called son.
One must hope that the CDin"
presidentrelect will take all
of this into consideration as he
prepared to take olﬁce after
vacation. As for the detected.
but announced Mr. Le maine,
one can only comment him on
his percent desire to be of serw
ice to the campus, and hope
that this narrow electoral up<
set will not discounted him
from continued active participation in campus affairs.
Weekend Social Evem‘s
A jazz concert featuring wellknuwn musicians Clark Terry,
trumpeter. and Bob Brookmeyer, trombonist, will be held
Saturday, March 11, at 10:15
pm. in party symposium.
Terry and Brookmeyer are
combining efforts especially for
this concert ai the request or
the college.
§
Max Helfgott and Howard
joined are presenting the open
ing scene from the play “Luv"
by Murray Schisgal at 10:00
pm tonight in the police house.
The play is a sport on everything from “permits to Madison Avenue" and “is not to be
taken at all seriously," according to named.
—_—_—_
 
'3 new four-whoolod full sunshine—swimming 4-4-2l Specs: will) CID WI.
11 5-inch wheelbase. "navy-duty springs, lhocil
disorders. shaft. Panormanco axlo. away links.
(wants/Mm”. Dual expansys. sudan-upwlmlt.’
White-line or wide-oval rod- line rim. tickets.
markets. louvmd hood. All standard It one,
in it run in
with ﬁll-W tue-Mm um um I
model pilot. Includes dual master cylinder
brake comm. full list of Important salary
Its-turn. Can also be equipped with Rocket
Rally too. Ullll function. suplmock wllulc.
Irontdlso brakes. console. inch. ski rack and the
like. That's Old: 44-24mm»: move on Who,
In Make It your mm. At your Old: wanna's."
allﬂlm El man WMIM'I‘WLE! u-
lwmﬂmm‘k :wl
til-my hlmd yellow tie-ion what. "min Mimi; Iii-l um opium built man. flu um um Ill-l1 him-
 
Page Six
TCARLET AND BLACK
March l0. I967
———-—-—————————————————_..._____._—__—4
"LET CHILDREN PLAY so iiiaf they are
nor afraid oi are," says Mrs. Howard
purple, board member oi Grinneil‘s com.
munich fri association. Carol McCono- last spring.
UNDAUNTED BY THE SOMEWHAT MAKESHIFT STATE
of the new are center, these boys settle down on ‘thu
ﬂfor for demo serious artwork. Loans from the college
and contribution from local merchants have furnished
the home, but' it is still short on are supplies and has
run into ram. plumbing problems. "writing in a sponsor
qu which dvun'i l cm to dilcourage the ariiiirl
, . . Piwio by sum cruises
the. surprising the young artists at work
in the photograph, has been teaching for
the Art association since its exception
Photo by susan master
many
event SATURDAY MORNING about green local grade
school girls meet in the basement or roberts theatre
for a creative dramatic: class led by karen summer-
photo by ilarold jason
Arts Program for Grlnn || Children
By Mary calcium
Whatever it may lack in conference, Children‘s artwork easily complicated for in natural
humor and business, An exhibit of the work of
local children will be open to the public March
15 at 1022 Park Street, new home at Grinnell’s
2-year-old Community Art Association.
According to Mrs Howard purple, a “mounting mother” of the organization, its primary
activity is art programs (or children, With general promotion or the arts as a subsidiary aim.
The art program is experimental, streaming opportunites for young children to play freely with
many different kinds of artistic materials, to
“let children play so that they are not afraid of
art,” notesMrs. purple.
An official incorporated nonprofit organizations the Art Association is run by a board of
town businessmen and teachers, while most oi
the work with children is done by Grinnell college students. Thus the association is a unique
cooperative effort among Grinnell townspeople,
faculty and students, “A season between college
and town."
Children's lessons are offered in art, guitar,
drama and dance. The classes are broken into
age groups In the younger group [here is very
little normal instruction but great diversity at
materials The children have worked with clay,
wire sculpture, points and colleges created from
natural objects. At this early stage the intent is
exposure to many art media and to the world
which they represent. For older children the
stress falls slightly more on techniques or animation, although the attention span and co—medication of children have natural limits and the
WHAT AM I DOING HERET' Hm little
girl in in. mm ram is hit henclf
during .. dm. al... l-d by Tory. linux
artistic Vision, whether of child or adult, remains forever private and personal,
in the dramatic arts, karen Zimmerman
teaches a program of creative cosmetics for
children ranging from 1st to 4th grades. Analagous to the free use of diﬂevent media in the
visual arts, Miss Zimmerman's goal is [0 make
the children at ease and help them discover
their natural creativity, while adding subtle hints
about features and techniques. Miss Zimmerman
worked last session with 14 children of wider age
range with a more conventional approach and
concluded the lessons with a production. Credo
time (lramatlcs, however, does not include production. ‘
The emphasis means toward more formal training in basic dramatic techniques in junior high
classes, according to Max Helfgotll Heligott, assisted by Dennis Rich, works with 20 Children
and anticipated a production at the end of the
session. Last year the junior high group, taught
by Howard earned, wrote and produced an original melodrama.
The Art automation is planning to sponsor a
spring art sale, possibly open air. in late May.
cornell students, along with artists from Marshalllown, Newton, and Oskaloosa, will be invited
to show their work, according to Mrs. purple.
The Park Street house, acquired by the association February 15, is being center from the
college. Publicity for the children’s art classes
through [he public schools has been requested.
The association anticipated gifts of artwork from
various professional and nonproiessional Grinnell
artist, among them Messrs. service, purple,
McMillan and Miss Stemfeld.
In anyone. studio of the college'l Fin.
Aria Cent-r.
Photo busﬂavoid run.
 
Friday, March lo. lm
ItIIlllllllllllllltlllllltlllllllltllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllltllilllllilllllillllllllllllllllllllltlltllllllllllltllllllllllllhlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlltttlllltttllltttllltttllltHlltttllllllllltlllltllllllllllillllllli
Des points Poverty .s. .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JOHN WOLF AND JEAN VANDERVOOT
interview a resident of ill
doctors area of Des holmes in cover-
her. I965. The interview we
see special issue on poverty
 
 
e Southeast
5 part at an
wliieh liigli.
SCARLET AND BLACK
lighter the problems of the doctors
Area. efforts to improve conditions there
tee. financial failure if $6.000 cannon be
raised to purchase new quarters in community organizer Jim Dunn.
Photo by John Phillips
make Sale This Weekend Will Help Purchase
New Quarters for Southeast doctors Project
In an effort to raise a portion of the $6,000 the Des
holmes Southeast doctors Pro
ject needs to purchase new
quarters, Grinnell students are
holding a campus-wide make
sale today and tomorrow. Proceeds from the sale will go toward relating several Iowa
churches which have agreed to
loan the project the money
needed to purchase a private
home to replace their recently
concerned building.
Jim Dunn, a community or.
manager and the only full time
staifrmember with the South
east authors Protect, described
the area in which the project
works as one where “Nearly
80% of the homes are listed as
either determination or distributed; the unemployment rate
is 2.7 times greater than the
city rate; the median education
is 8th grade as compared to a
city median or 12.3 grades;
nearly 80% of the homes have
outhouses and many of the people (40 or 50 families) have to
walk In a converted horse drinking though for water because
they lack facilities in their
homes.”
The new building will be used
[or administrative tasks and
fund-raising activities, and Will
serve as a meeting house for informal conferences and special
tutorial. Space will also be provided for the Still Osteopathic
Hospital and College which furnished low-cost minimal health
care for slim residents
Today from 5:00 p.111. to 5:30
pm. women can order based
goods and have them delivered
to their forms. From 6:30 pm.
to 11:30 pm. there will be more
based goods on sale at Cowles.
Tomorrow, business will be held
near the lunch lines and from
1:00 pm to 5:00 pm in partner Lounge, at Cowles, and at
The eastern on Broad Street.
Page Seven
Orchesis others Varied Themes
Orchesis will present its annual concert tonight and tomorrow night at 8 p.m. in Roberts
Theatre. The program will in-
crude a variety oi dance themes
and styles, ranging from the
light traveling of “Games,"
which devices the stages of de<
equipment from early childhood
to evanescence, to the classical
alliance of “Baroque,” a re
working of a dance from last
year’s concert.
Among the other selections
Will be three studies based on
the movement qualities of reflection, reduction, and attraction, choreographed by Orchesis
sponsor Betty v o e r t m a n
(Speech and Theatre), and a
series Di ethnic cancer. The lat~
her will include Hawaiian and
argentina cancer performed by
Orchesis president Sue Ogaml
and Mrs. voertman, respective.
ly, a Polish character dance
done by Mrs. Judy Mendelsohn,
and Philippine cancer performed by metro conduct, a
foreign student at Grinnell. and
several Filipino students from
brake. Mrs. Voertman. who has
not appeared with Orchesis in
concert since 1964, will participate in live numbers.
Several men will also dance
in the program—in “Games,"
which features nine couples, “A‘
Day in the Par chosen.
graphic by Mrs. Voertman and
Mrs, Mendelsohn, and two other
numbers choreographed by Mrs.
Mendelsohn.
‘Civil Rights Movement Not Dead,’
Delta Ministry Continues Support
By milan norton
Is the Civil Rights Movement
dead? Sue merger, representative of the Delta Ministry Civil
Right movement, who was on
campus this week, dress’t think
so. According to Miss merger.
“the demonstration phase of
civil rights is dying because
Vietnam concentrations have
taken over. But there is still
a lot of work to be done. In
the immediate future it is the
state elections and, in the long
run, it is education and economic programs." Mississippi claims
26 of [he 64 civil rights workers
left in the South. in previous
summary, college students [looked to the South to work in the
movement. Last summer there
were only three students, all
or whom were nominations,
working in Mississippi as part
of their curriculum.
Miss merger and her companion, Jean Phillips, discussed
the project with several Grinnell students. The discussion
focused on the Federal Food
Stamp program, poverty. discrimination, and the tutorial
program being carried out by
the Delta Ministry. The Delta
Ministry is partially supported
by the World Council of
Churches, which considers Mississippi as a prime area (or
foreign mission money. Churcha
es in africa are supporting the
Civil Rights movement in Mls<
sissippi. The result of the dis«
session is that Lucy Polerd,
Grinnelt freshman, wants to
volunteer to Work in Mississippi
this summer. Miss merger’s re
action was “Great! We need
her and ten more like her.“
Lucy feels that “this is something ! really want to do. I
like to help people to the best
of my ability. I get a lot of
satisfaction out of it.” Lucy is
concerned with the general
poverty as well as with civil
rights. She worked for three
weeks in Appalachia helping
clear land for a school.
Immediately after spring vacation there will be a fund
raising campaign to send Lucy
to Mississippi for the summer.
A minimum of $300 will be
needed for transportation, food,
and lodging. Simultaneously, a
campaign for paper, details
and reasons will be stated.
These materials are needed in
the tutorial program.
Anyone interested in joining
Lucy this summer should contact milan norton, ext, 564.
IlllllillllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllIIllllIIIlllllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllllllllIIlllllllllllilllllllllllIIllllIIlllllllllllllllllIIllllllllllllllllIIlllllllllllIllllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllIIllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllIIIllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllIlllllllllllllllllIIllllIIlllllIIlllIIlllllllllllIIllllllllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllIIllllIIIlllll
ACM Chicago Urban Semester
By Gretchen prefer
“Hey, teacher-l"
“Yes?"
“Can I ask you a question?"
"All right.”
“Well. . . this is kind at a
personal question. Promise you
won’t tell anyone I asked you?"
“Go ahead. i won’t tell anyone.”
“Okay. Can i kiss you? I've
never missed a girl before,”
Such was my artificial welcome to the second of two
Chicago high schools where I
practicertaught last semester
while participating in Grinnell’s
ACM Urban Semester program.
Clearly, this was not the kind
of student-teacher relationship
I learned about in methods
class. Nor, for that matter, had
my first eight weeks or practice-teaching prepared me for
such an encounter.
Like the other 35 participants
in the program, I spent the
[list half of the semester in
an cuterrcity, predominantly
middle class high school. This
school provided an excellent
atmosphere in which to make
my first “star” at teaching,
Except for overcrowding, it had
relatively new problems. It was
not only blessed With an efficient administration, but also
with a competent, dynamic
faculty.
My supervision teacher loaded
me two English literature clos—
es, for which I assumed the
full responsibility of planning,
teaching, trading, and (discipline. Most oi the students with
whom I had Contact were intelligent. creative. and cooperative. Granted, there were some
See TEACH on lane 0
now ‘
JUDY ROETMAN, Gretchcn prefer. and
Ann: Sproguo (l—v) spent several weeks
practice teaching in Chloe-go school; lost -»
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
semester as part at the ACM's Chicago
Urban Semester program.
Photo by loss: cum
 
Page Eight
Ed. hotel While accounting around
[he files the other night, the editors
cams across this bit oi historical
contracting. Though it was written
last spring _ yes, VirgInia, there is is
spring In lows — it remains relevance
for our changeridden campus.
By Anne career
The 5&3. in a zealand burst of journalistic providing, this week presents
the history of wrapping at Grinneli.
With typical 5&8 historic, we editorialized on February 27, 1929: "wrapping
makes an institution more than an education factory . t is part oi the sugar
coating on the pi oi wisdom.” This
came hot on the feels of President
Main's plea to do away with having.
However tradition dies hard and there
more wrapping didn't —« wrapping was
carried on from the first day of school
til the last, with one Hell Week each
semester. However, slight modification
was made in the prep pragramithere
could be no having activity for two
hours on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday respectively; the tire drill
(press running a gourmet oi candles up
and down ﬁre estates) was disappointed
because it was thought to engineer
various trash lives with “some planning down full flights of states”; and "attempting to limit destruction to the
campus area.“
By 193061 one house mother threatened
to pack up and leave because of prep«
ping activities and In 1933 prep days
were suspended because the Dean of Women died.
GIBSON’
DISCOUNT CENTER
' lCE-O-DERM
$1.00 value 57¢
VITALIS
HAIR DRESSING
SIJE Value 3‘09
ANACIN
sonic of 100
SI.” Value 88‘
BERKLEY ALARM CLOCK
hills Day of Dave Automatic Calendar
$8.95 main! $541
ocular ANo' nLACK
wrapping Dying gifﬁcult Death
in 1932 the purposes of wrapping were
defined as follows: argentina the fraser
men, adding them in meeting everyday
problems with the proper mental attitude, adding them in maintaining good
scholastic standing, imaging them with
the Grinnell spirit, and impressive upon
them respect for their orders, Or as
the 58.3 so apply put it: “links In his
character may be proved out by presentiitg him to himself as others see
him." The wrapping program at this
point convicted or six branches: upperclassmen acting as advisors for ireshmen, a course in social etiquette based
on the West Point Code, mental duties
(such as giving up beds for visiting alum<
hi and sleeping in the have thought),
governance of rules, promotion days, and
a formal dinner and animation.
In 193334 a “New Deal” for freshmen
was institutes. sterling from several
uniurtunate incidents — a start performed by freshmen upon which the
5&3 did not corporate but only Stated,
“Men decided meeting the eyes of needs
and snickered sell-constitutes" and a
lreshman breaking Into the Quad and
entering rooms alter hours — the ergram arrested the status aspect of years
ing a beanie and handling was closed.
Although wearing a beanie was only a
“privilege," there were penalties for not
doing so: first violation, — a warning,
second—withdrawal of social privileges,
third expansion from one's hall, fuurthexpulsion team school.
Grinneii supposedly being the forerunner of educational liberalism west of
the Mississippi, extensive wrapping at
RIGHT GUARD
Deodorant
$1.49 Vuluu 77¢
charles Guy
BATH OIL
$1.00 Vdul 33¢
ISODETI'ES
am4p
S
RINSO
GIMP Sin.
women began in 1937-38. The most every
aspect or this was the Grinnell group‘
on sight of an upperclassman, the
freshman girl dropped her books, bit
the dust in a fifty curtis while slmul<
carefully putting an orange (required)
bow in her hair.
Again in 194142 a new Grinnellizatlon
program was institutes, based on a point
system —- alter earning 1000 points the
freshman no longer had to wear his
beanie. 75 points could be had for learning all the school songs, 100 points for
earning a 1.75 g.p.a, and 100 points at
whatever time each freshman had had
at least one date.
From that time on wrapping has gone
relatively down hill—calisthenics. midi
night bikes, and a couple at “Good God,
what's the younger generation coming
to" incidents have occurred, but on the
whole, the save thought have been uninhabited for quite some time, as stress
is now placed on the consolidation of
the freshman to his hall and the college.
For
816 5th Ave.
Orinnell. Iowa
PEPSODENI
TOOTH PASTE
95h Value 59¢
HALO HAIR SPRAY
‘1."Vuluo 39¢
COLGATE IOO
southwest
".37 Value 59¢
W‘
STORE
HOURS:
Friday, March I0, I957
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS PREPPING" SCENE
appeared in ii“ [954 year book.
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE you MORE
1 arm. in 9 p.m. Friday
9 mm. to 8 p.m. Mon.. Tues.
Wed. hours Suit.
Cornhuskers' motion
For Your Hands
$1.00 Value 57¢
RAPID SHAVE
AEROSOL SHAVE CREAM
'86 Vuluu 57¢
SUCRETS
57¢
ADMIRAL CLOCK RADIO
With more button
$17.15 Value $1331
 
Friday. March l0, I957
SCAALIT AND ILAeK
 
} Teach
(Continued from Page 7)
kinds for whom I could make
jackets little more than a good
murder mystery, but I also
had students who could compare
original .owners which period
fri Clsn’i. When I was not
teaching, i was granted a taste
of teachers’ typical “extra”
duties.
0n the whole my experience
at this school was highly grnti.
lying and quite “untraumotic'n
The only problem I encountered
was continuing the teachers and
students who petroleum the calls
that l was a teacher. Rarely
could I travel through the calls
without hearing the challenge,
“Hey, kid! Where’s your pass?"
The shift from the ﬁrss school
to the second took me from
the outer to the inneracity, from
a middle class environment to
a lower class one. I ieit a
heterogeneous student body for
an athegro student body, highCalibre teachers for medicare
ones, an efficient administration
for a chronic one, and excited.
cooperative students for are»
thesis ones. > .
Obviously. my unotiicinl welcome to this school could not
be considered typical or Chicago
slim schools. Yet, this school
had its share of other sally
typical problems.
I had heard that the students
or such schools, like so many
gadgets being changed through
an assembly line, could be autos
magic‘aily promoted (ram grade
to grade and described in the
world with diplomas in hand
but very little learning in their
trains. Meeting seniors who
could not identity herbs or write
complete sentences proved it to
be true. Former teachers had
given up trying to tight the
installed; the only remaining
aim was. at all costs, to get
the students through the system.
Huge enrollment created several major problems at this
school. For one thing, it was
next to impossible for the administration or the faculty to
green tabs on 4000 students, and
consequently the truancy problem was staggering. The school
administration had great digit»
multi in keeping so many std-
ice‘icon building, and occasionally gang members entered the
building to interstate teachers
and students Even students
who had had no actual Contact with the games round lighting a communicate I had to
stop one light in my own classroom and I saw altogether too
many others in and around the
school.
The greatest problem I en—
countries joe student apache.
Most students had nothing from
life so tar and could invision
nothing better in the future
They had little time for learning, and could not see He
point anyway They were convinced their color had mom
wrapped in the ghetto. As one
of my students remarks ' “Why
should I learn to write? I don’t
plan to write another word order I get out of hero anyway,‘
Already my account oi the
slim school is terrible pessimislic, despite the inn that I
haven’t expressed the list of
its problems. i want to exp‘noslze however that my ex—
sequence or this school was every
bit as valuable as that I had
in the outer-city school, primarily because it was the only
school that elected me to almost every obstacle a teacher
can encounter.
In my opinion, practice-teach
ing was the most valuable part
at the ACM Urban Semester pros
gray, because it informed its
participants the chance to test
themselves in the race of a
variety of teaching conditions.
However, the Urban sociology
and Urban Education seminars
which supplemental our teaching experiences were also valuable. as was the experience
or living in Chicago for {our
months.
KRAMER JEWELRY
motor Keepsake Dealer
“it It broad
PRETTIEST
PACKAGE
’ Omer
(Continued learn Page 3)
The curriculum was developed
by the Air Force in coordination with the oil‘ Force ROTC
Advisory Panel, which is com,
based of representatives of eight
educational organizations: the
American Association of Land
Grant Colleges and State Universities; Association of State
Colleges and Universities; air-
tionai Catholic Education Assor
station; Association of American Universities; Association of
Urban Universities; American
Council on Education; Association 0! American Colleges; and
the Association 0! Military Colleges. The Advisory Panel revlowti all important policy chapters dealing with Air Force
ROTC and either approve: or
disciplines such recommended
First
Choice
Of The
Engageables,
has Nine
changes or action, The advisory
Panel has endorsed the need for
the education oi Air Force officers and is in agreement with
the need for civilian institutions
to assist in the development of
professional officers for the All
Force,
Air Force ROTC also afieltiuancial assistance grants to
participants in the four yeoy
program. The grants pay hill
tuition, less, 75 dollars per year
for books, and 50 dollars per
month consistency allowance.
The amount of ﬁspecial assistance is about 2500 dollars per
year for each recipient at Grin.
well College. Currently, Russell
G. Allen, Bruce T. Austin. NDI‘
dahl L. true, and John J. P0]:
man are recipients of the All
Force ROTC Financial Assists
once prints At least three ad»:
national’ scholarship: on us
posted next year.
RIGIITIFIII
Kggpggisgﬁ'
DIAMOND multi”
They hit. the mark selling and
lheguarcnieeci perfect center
diamond . . . o brilliant gem
oi line color and modem
' cut. The name, Keepsake,
in your ring assumes liielitne
cents in “"9, or even mom‘mi‘ r satisfaction Select your: at
Eating With them. AS a l‘adult- - ' . . ourKsepsoke Jewelersslcre
discipline was nonexistent in the iI-ie S in the. ”new page‘ under
calls and lunclirooms, and could “iJewe w
hardly be maintained in the
classrooms
Even the influence of teenage games invited the school.
 
Many students were accustomed
to being approaches for pro
section money en route to the
Everyone lows in details sell, light
American Tourisler compare. it'san practical
. . swing-action lotus open ml close at a
Ioucll. but never. never, by accident r . r
stainless sltci measures spam ”Ii door on
dust and dumb {or good and Ill . . r stillirerlsiant Perinanile covlrinls stand up
ornulllolly in the rights oi llaVIl. . . :Moml
irrhiirtited room-rubber Dedd handled
make sending - Palm-preparing freeze.
All this lulu: interests oi bush, deeply outline
ﬂoil provide combine it: make Amurlcui
tourism the world‘s most rated imam
In sight but fashion eoioic rwnuyiwo
rim [or men not women
"in"
mm rm it... to noon. Mil" inn“. we
omit wine. row i... i. a, mm were”. no
I HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING I
i Please send new 2o page booking. “How To Plan Your Engage- l
ment and Wedding" and new 12- -page full color golden, both for
"9"“ M" i“ 5”“ ““1““! i only25c. Also sendspeciotcnetol oeoutiluiu page Bride-.ebook
for immediate shipment from ‘factory.
Address
JD'S RESTAURANT
Eleval‘ed—ut 921V: Main,
Grinnell
buy___._._._..._._..—__—
l
i Name I
i
i
POVNTER’S '
i S|all____—_.__——Zip,__.___._.
KEEFSAKE DMMOND RINGS BOX 90 SYRACUSE Ni V. 13202 I
4th Avenue sessions l
everything. MILD!“ litililil down-tn .l.l'ilillil l‘
 
Headquarters For:
HOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRESSES
9
GRlNNELL NEWTON
Ramsey!
“water-me? Dunn
Man’s Plain To.
Canvas Oxford
Women‘s powered To.
Canvas Oxford
} More Letters
(Continued from Page 2)
Exa ma
To the editors
in the deaths of despite 1
received this biblical tale from
a yellow suffered in another
college (or university). Front
it 1 have gained salvation; may
ye my competitors, also profit
by it:
“at that time very early in
the morning on the last day of
the term (or matters), there
arise a great magnitude of
keeping and flashing teeth;
for the day 01 the exams had
Stock Up bowl
$299
$299
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE
"the sex"
restaurant -cocktail lounge
speaks
Next to the Theater
JuniorYear
in
New York
Three undergraduate college! offer students
from all parts of the country an opportunity
to broader their educational experience
by spending their
linear Year in New York
New York University is an integral part of
the exciting metropolitan community of
New York City—the business, cultural,
artistic, and financial center of the nation.
The city's extraordinary resources greatly
enrich both the academic program and the
experience of living at New York University
with the most metropolitan student body in
the world.
This program is open to students
recommended by the means of the colleges
to which they will return for their degrees.
Courses may be taken In the
School of Commerce
School of Education
Washington Square College of Arts
and Science
Write for brochure to Director, luhlor Year
In New York
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
New York, N.Y. 10003
SCAR TAND LACK
horn and they for more herald.
The english one! had left anyone thou things which they
ought to have doug and done
these things which they ought
not to have done. And there
was no hope for them. Some
there were in the study room.
These were they who repeated
their riotous living, but it
availelh not
Then at the appointed hour
both the english and the else
arise and walked out as 111th
among holmes, carrying neither
books, nor notes, not assign
meets, and they related no
faculty member on the way,
Passing through the calls, they
came to the door that opened
to the classroom. Then there
appeared a certain man union
them called the teacher. An
listing up his eyes he distributed the examination papers.
And when he sat down, some
students wrote for one hour,
and others [or two; and many
and varied were the answers
that were written, for some
teaching had fallen on textile
minds and some on follow, and
some had fallen flat One wise
man, sitting in the first of
the students and hearing that
they measured, tried they
master and write whilst they
had light, that darkness overcome them not. indeed many
questions were answered but
few were correct,
So shall it be at the end of
the term (or mid-term); teachers shall go out and shall sep»
state the wise from the english and shall cast the english
in the same course: next term.
Then the dean shall send Silldenls two by two before his
face in every city Ind place
whether they had come saying,
‘60 ye therefore into the highway, the college (or university) indeed was ready, but the
students were not worth.‘
Then when the students shall
arrive home empty-handed and
unaccredited, there shall be
great translation such as not
been round from the beginning
of the world till now.
From this story learn a lesson; when you shall see all
these things, know ye that the
end of the term is high, even
It the doors, AMEN. I fly to
you, that this month shall not
pass till Iii things he done.
Heaven and earth shall pass,
but some students shall lloi,
But even so, be glad, for
your reward is very great in
Heaven,"
Thy most bubble serving,
Valerie audio
1E ilellver
% pizza
Er to
YOU—R room at
E) extra cost.
(Don‘t You wish billy Did”
DStudent Aid
(continued from Page 5)
compared to 58.5 percent in
1955 Though this ﬁsure has
labeled hit at. 66 percent in re
cent years, a resumes toward
trend would represent in pride
ties, it not in theory, a move
toward full-cost pricing. A concomitant adjustment of aid pub
lclea would then be illtllspensable.
A comprehensive program or
student assistance has been instrumental in containing Grillnell as a democratic community, where membership is
provided in merit. All expanded
system of financial aid may
continue to serve this vital role.
} centers
(Continued team Page 5)
misc. Last year, {or example,
two Grinnell graduates we a
commissioner as officers, hills.
nine Grinnellians entered the
beach Corps."
But Major Albert C. Omer,
(aerospace. studies) pointed out
that “Many graduates elect to
delay their active duty with
the Air Force until they have
completed graduate s c h a o l .
some getting ﬁspecial assistance
from the Air Force to do an,"
All AFROTC graduates at
Grinnell this year plan graduate work to be followed by
active duty.
On gilbert
To the Editor:
Thanks to hay gilbert for
the year‘s most accurate upgrade] oi the Grinnell student.
he majority oi students here
level in the not that they shock
the adult world with talk or
sex and drugs. They even sunrise themselves, as their new
oundllberalism is a plastic
change train the streets they
were in, in high school. The
Cofl-IP presidential election,
however, made their underlying awareness all too clear, Any
“new generation” here is a
time. Compulsive consortium
it is, and I'm getting out,
Douglas feel
Patroniu Our povertyﬂu
"a?
“non
nirvana’s Pizza
Free Delivery
236-5221
Friday, March II. H"
} Senate
(Continued from Page 1)
grounds that the President already had the power to inter
vena. The question still remains
and in all probability its an<
swer will be worked out by the
court itself.
Roger Koenlter’s amendment
centered on the problem of
jurisdiction. According to the
new byrlaws the judicial Court
has “original jurisdiction in all
cases in which Violations of
college regulations are alleged
to have occurred." counter was
concerned that a lot at “small"
cases that could easily be handled by hall councils would now
be handled by the court. His
amendment was later withdrawn
because it passed, it would tend
to determine the authority oi
the judicial court. counter’s
point still stands, however. The
jurisdiction of the court extends
to all cases concerning college
regulationsAaveh such cases as
quiet hours violations or minor
damage.
in other business the Senate
Approved for the second and
last time the change in the
bylaws that would allow the
Student Auditor to he appointed
by the outgoing Executive cabinet.
It was announced that the
fast tr bring japanese students
to the United States Will take
place April 14. Inquiry into the
possibility or holding more than
one last per semester met with
a negative reply by Treasurer
and Business Manager Donald
zambia. Reasons were that multiple lists would create great
problems for SAGA and the
administration, and that some
students had complaints about
having basis.
Pat Cavanaugh's appointment
as Student Auditor was ap»
proved by the Senate.
AWS Board President Karen
Laulerbach announced that a
revised AWS Board constitution
will be submitted to the senate
by next week.
Classified Ad
Lost daughter to be round
in Chicago soon.
E. Jr JENSEN. 0.0.
OHOMIYIISY
Eyu Examined
Contact Lenses
Acre“ front Put 0M“
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. lOWA
Aaron run. in. Port Oliiu
 
Friday, March lo. I?”
) english
(Continued brown Page 3)
surround workplace problems
are at the almost urgency to
day; and all opinions on how
these problems can be resolved
can and should be heard. Air
Force representatives should be
invited to the campus to pre
sent the Air Force’s views Members of the other services, the
Arms Control and enlargement Agency, the United Nations delegation, the Soviet for.
sign attacks, members of various “peace" organizations, among others, should be invited
to present their views Grinneli.
however has singles out the
Air Force and continues to provide the Air Force with college
facilities, to record its instructors specially equal academic
honors, and to include the commissioners oi its ofﬁcars as part
or graduation categories All
or these acts reply that the
college community favors, it it
does not enlarge, the Air Force’s
particular connection of how
best to pursue peace.
The extension of favors to the
components of one view, whose
commitment is to an organize<
tion and its ideas, jeopardizes
the integrity of the college and
its ability to provide an in
tellectual atmosphere in which
all views content fairly, The
Air Force's View should have
the best chance or survivors
it it were not bradley by the
support of an outside institution.
IndiViduals are only likely to
achieve the degree of commitment necessary to preserve a
viewpoint—in the prisoners with
which it was originally con—
served — if they are forced to
defend that viewpoint from all
others. Such a spirit of inquiry
cannon be maintained when the
components 0! one view are inaccessible to argument because
their commitments are solely
to an organization and its interests—rather than to the our—
suit oi truth.
3) it may be argued that
neither the character oi the instruction, nor the urgency of
war/peace issues and the need
for a fair and open examined
lion of all views constitute the
criteria for making this decision. Instead. it might be argued that the ArF.R.OrT.C. oi—
term a commission to Grinnell
students which they might not
otherwise achieve. It is true
that fewer Grinnell students
might become commissioner
officers, although it is also possible that more students than
now would take the shorter
commissioners programs availa
able alter graduation. One un<
reliable effect of elimination
R.D.TlC. would be to portions
the time when the student
makes his choice H i.e., alter
he has examined the alternative
ways in which a person can
express his desire to work [or
peace. This might lead students
to join the United Nations Secretariat, to work for the World
lllllillllltiilllliiiilliiilllliiillliiillliilllllillllliiilllllillltillllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllilllltilillllillllliitlllllllllllllllllllllltiiilllilllltiillllilllll
News
Briefs
‘experiment in Living'
The representative for the
Experiment in International
Living, Mrs. Charles Hornsby,
will be on campus March 17 to
interview Grinnell students interested in the program. The
experiment provides an opportunity for college students to
spend two months during the
summer lives in a foreign culture. A participant would live
With a native family for a
month and then travel for a
month. The program places a
heavy emphasis on language
ability and offers intensive
training in languages, Further
information is available from
Associate Dean Richard centers, the experiment’s college
representative.
NOUS Appears Soon
The March issue of NOUS
the college literary magazine,
is going to press this week and
will be available on campus
both to subscribers and to others interested in buying the
magazine. Back copies of the
last issue will be available, also.
Included in the March issue
will be a {oem or photography
by former student Henry Wilhelm, several papers, wood
and linoleum cuts, and a con—
vegetable amount of poetry. The
magazine will he selling for 75c
per copy.
Concert Coming
Three musical assembled will
take part in a concert to be
presented Thursday, March 16,
at 8 pm. in Roberts Theatre.
Performing will be the Colv
[egium Muslcum, conducted by
David Sutherland (Music) the
Grinnell College String Orchestra, conducted by penis M. lie
Coteau (Music) and the Grinnell College Choir, conducted
by Don Jones (Music).
Two numbers will be performed >— J. S. each’s Caritata No. 51, “Jauchzet Gott in
alien garden (Praise Ye God
Throughout Creation)," by the
Coilegium musical; and brand
Schubert’s “Mass in G,” by
the Choir and String Orchestra.
Miss .jamie seller will be
soprano tourist for the each
contact. Instrumentalists will be
Mrs. Theodora santa McMillan,
Miss Kathleen Schail, violent;
and Miss Kathleen Schaff, villa; Miss Martha counters, tel10; Roy Pengra, trusted; and
Miss vanilla todd, harpsichord.
consists for the Schubert mass
will be Miss seller; John Holbel't, minor; and Rio MacDoweli,
bass.
Theatre Seminar
Mrs. Martha Fletcher, assistant in French, and Morris Parslow, associate professor or French, will lead a
theatre seminar at 4 p.m. to
day in the South Lounge of
the Forum.
The discussion, on “quarter 0f the ali ,“ will be drawn
from Comeille’s play, “The
did.”
lllllllilllliillliilllliiillllliiiiiliiliilliiiillliiilltiiiillliiiiiilliiilllltiilllliiillltiiiilltiiillliiilllliiillltiiiilltiiillllliillltllllllilillliliiiilliiiiilliilllliiiitltiil
ICARLET AND BLACK
Law Fund, the International
Voluntary Service (U.N. Peace
Corps), or to take advanced study in the performing problems
or economic development, peaceiully forming needed changes in
the Communist world, and dis-
argument and arms control.
The college will have furnished
its role in this respect, however,
if those men who do decide to
join the Air Force, do so alter
importantly examining the ideas,
values, and goals of the broad
Page E]. n
spectrum 0! individuals and or
generations who claim to be
working for peace.
I, therefore, respectively asll'
members of the academic community to withdraw the privileges granted to the Air Force.
SENIORS! If you like
- -Action I
"Immediate Responsibility!
-- Unlimited Opportunity
to Advance!
Investigate these careers with'
printer do sample
Advertising] Brand Management
You know us; we make Ivory and Safeward and Tide and Mr. Clean and
Duncan lines, and Great Toothpaste, and Head Rt providers Shampoo, in
name a few names.
Now—can you device advertising that will help us sell more of products
like these? If you can, we have a job for your
Careful, though: We’re not searching for men who write commercial copy
or actually make layouts. We’re looking for people who have die ideas the
competitors and artists carry out We're looking for planners and problemsolvers and innovation and bold thinking.
Brand Management is really business management in the very special area
of advertising, merchandising, and promotion.
You become part: of o team—and the job of that team is to increase the
sales 01 one of our national brands in any one of the many ways open to
you through advertising . . . maybe a way that no one 01 us has ever
thought of before.
Brand Management is a very creative kind of job, a very exciting kind of
job—and substantially regarding to those who excel in it,
What quiltﬁnations do you need? Intelligence imagination. Horse sense.
A best for competition; you‘ll be competing With other good men who are
giving their best for their brand. The keen desire for personal success that
is called "drive” A genuine interest in this kind of business activity.
consistency. patients. Ability to get on well with others. The ability in
lead, since these are Management positions with us and lead directly to
greater management responsibility in our organization.
Your training for this very special kind 0! activity will be on-the—job, under
the direction of experienced supervisors who will take a personal interest
in your rapid development.
You will be given substantial responsibility from the very beginning, and
encouraged to exercise your own initiative. How well you handle that
responsibility then and later determines your progress with nor We promote
only from within, and only on the basis of merit. Our expanding business
is constantly generating opportunities to “move up" and throughout our
advertising organization young men still in their 20's are transaction
substantial portions of the Company’s business.
This is a rally remarkable career opportunity; we do not know of any other
organization where there is greater opportunity to advance on the basis of
merit alone.
Let us know of your interest, regardless of your plans for: Service or
Graduate School. You need not have managed in Advertising or Marketing;
any degree is acceptable. Fill out the form below, and let's gel: better
acquainted.
Mr. H. H. Wilson
printer it sample Advertising Dept.
Box 599, Cincinnati, Ohio 45201
Name
School Address
Home Address
I will receive my
My major is
 
There are run other eau opponunlllai n le to centres Erndultu nt printer a carbon General so "as: and technical Manager" . Check your Placement one: to sea it any or
(has Departments have recruiting dates on your umpul, or with m. a, N, stavensen. sector
a sample. Box 599, Cincinnati, once 4520:.
An Equal opportunity Employ-r
 
Page Twolvo
We Win Again!
By Barry Anwna
An inspired Pioneer basketball team pointed itself out of
military’in the Midwest movie
toronto collar Friday night by
heating joe College 75—66.
The victory based Grinncil in—
to a north place tie with the
vulnerable Kohawlrs. The birds
from Cedar Rapids managed to
pack away two victorian in the
conference before succumbing
to the Powerful Poweshiek
Pointgetters. Each team now
has two victorian to its name.
Tom Hill started the Pioneer
effort With a magnificent 21
point showing. Tom’s outside
shots were on target through
But the evening, and his one
tree toys skilled the loop, Elliott l-links didn't see too much
of the ball, but when he did,
it counted: Elliott hit six for
seven to claim 12 points.
With a 43-32 lead at maritime, Grinnell entered its usual
second half sleep. joe scored
eight points in a row to cut
the lead to three. It took the
Pioneers ten shake minutes to
remain their half-time lead.
In addition to Hill and Hibbs,
the quarters were Thor johnson
with 13 points, Mike Schwartz
with 10, and Bob Watt with
1. Roger Able scored 7 points
in service in both valves. Tom
Lower had l and Steve Bn'ntnail had 1 in second half action.
The entire squad saw action
Saturday as Beloit prostores the
Pioneers 3865. High showers in
IOWA
CLEANERS
710 5TH AVE.
GRINNELL
double ii 3 u r o s were Mlko
Schwartz and Tom Lower with
12 each. It was the final home
game for seniors Hill, Hibbs,
Watt, paintball, and Jim Stephens. .
not wars adds two to
who Pioneer rally.
Photo by suun Koeser
Two Relay Teams
Place at Chicago
who Grinnali indoor track
team ran up 14 points to claim
seventh place in the Midwest
Conference - University of Chicago meet last weekend in
Chicago,
The point - producing event!
for the Pioneers were the
distance wesley, in which the
team of Pat Cavanaugh, pic
Machwell, Doug gray, and
Mike canyon placed second, and
a third place effort in the two«
milf relay by gray, canyon.
MacDowell, and Spence Clark.
THE VARSITY
For paperbacks, magazines, greeting cards.
smoking supplies, tobacco, candy, pop, records, beer, newspapers
and assisted other
cookies.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Lance, Frohlich _
Dive One-Two
The Grinnell swimming team
took seventh place in the Midwest Conference meet at Mount
Vernon last weekend. The bio<
need boolean were led by Rich
Lance and Cliff Frohlich, who
finished one-two in diving.
Other point-letters for Grinnell were Ken sherman, who
took second in the butterfly,
the wesley relay team, finishing
fifth, and Steve Holtze and Bill
Batschelet, who placed sixth in
the individual wesley and 500<
yard lifestyle respectively.
One of the factors happening
the Pioneer effort was Holtze‘s
illness three days before the
meet. Steve was the team’s top
scoring man, according to Coach
Ray Obermiller, and having him
at less than full strength was
solely felt.
The freshman swingers con—
since to break records, They
won the conference demographic
meet with 72 points, far ahead
of secondplace' Cornell's 42.
Coach Obermiller is looking
forward to next year's Grinnell swimming effort: The freshmen Will be a welcome addition to his good. but smaller,
team.
Swimming has been at its
finest throughout the conference
in the past few years. Six re—
cards were broken, and two
others approaches to within a
teeth of a second this year,
and two others were broken last
year. Competition next year
should be the best the Midwest
Conference has ever seen.
cross papers
Finish Season
The freshmen basketball team
dropped its last game of the
season to Cornell, 8514.
The Little Pioneers, coaches
by Dick lovely, spent a good
part of the season on fundamentals; only five of the team
members went out for basketball in high school, and of these,
only two started. The lack of
experience was evident in the
Cornell game. but the freshmen arc definitely on the way
up.
Terry followed. the ti'1" fresh
center, shot for a 23.2 point
average as the team went 1—5
for the season. Also in double
figures in season operates were;
words Abel, 14.8; had longer,
13.8: Don Peterson, 10.5.
Soccer, Anyone?
After a successful and operated bali season, the Grinnell
Soccer Club is organizing its
spring activities. Soccer Clubs
from brake, State College of
iowa, and Knox have indicated
similar plans for spring competition.
Although not recognized as
an official conference variety
sport, soccer will continue to
offer team sport credit at Grinnell.
The club will work out 3 times
9. week. A brieﬁng session for
interested students Will be held
Monday at 4:30 pm in party.
if you are interested but unable to attend, contact Richard
Man or Memo vendors.
March lo. I!"
Wrestling: Kraiisik Takes Title
variation lsSecond for Pioneers
Sophomore Don Kraitsik created the Midwest Conference 181
pound championship away from depending cheap George Dych.
of toe in overcome
Dycho was
a top finished
in last year‘s
n a t i o n a l
NCAA small
college meet
a ri d W a S
named a Little All-America wrestler.
K r a i t six
trailer 2—0 in
the final seconds of the
l a s t period
when he took
down cycle
i o r t w n
points. T h a
reserve's si anal of th 6
points c a m e
just as the
buffer ended
the p e r i o d.
The overcome
went 3-0 for
Don.
Mike partition. 1 1 5.
won his ﬁrss
two matches,
but was detected in the ﬁnals by defend
ing cheap Lance Smith of Cornell.
The team effort amended 23
points for rights-place. John
potential, Bob Van Wyck,
Randy state, and Bob seller
dropped their first matches.
Roger flow, 123, was injured
and did not greatly,
The 130, 145, 177, and 191
classes were not wrestled due
to the reservations of team
members during the season.
The most recent designation
cams one day before the meet,
from depending champion John
charge, 145.
Coach Walker plans to take
Kraitsik and partition to the
national NCAA small college
meet this weekend. He has ten
freshman wrestling to add to
the team next year, but they
are mostly in the lower and
middle WEight classes. A lightweight man may have to
“come out of the forms," the
coach said.
Illillllllllllllllilliillllllllllllilllllilllllliilllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllll
Costa Rica Program
Applications for the Associated Colleges of the Midwest costa Rica program will be available next week. interested students should contact Mr. Voertman (economics) either in person fri Carnegie 112 or by a
note of inquiry in his post office box.
Students now on campus who
have been past participants
are: John norman, Nancy Moritz, Chuck cornell, and Paul
Thurston.
lllllllllllllillillilllllllllllllllulllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
ADDRESS HERE:
PIONEER you KRAITSIK accepts congratulations from joe's sex-champion
George cycle.
Photo by Susan Knescr
I M '5
I. M. sports are at somewhat
of a low enb as the cocks of
North Campus wait for spring
to spring. Last week, East nominated ping»long to take their
first Championship of the year.
Doug Gilbertson beat last year’champion, Tom larger, to take
the singles' title while East'l
douglas team also finished first.
This Sunday, 1. M. bowling rolls
around with Smith the defend<
log titleholder and Rich Wickstrom of watson the individual
leader. Smith continues to hold
its comfortable lead in the
Truesdale race.
Last Saturday a team of
Grinnell All-Stars demolished I
continuing of Parsonians in a
girls basketball game, 23-3.
betty James and Jan Bahl led
a balanced attack with 7 and
6 points respectively. A group
oi White Caps went to Des
points the same day for a
swimming workshop. Dru paper
described it as being, “really
fun". in l. M. bowling, Meal-s
took first place followed by
Loose and Main.
W
A photographic exhibit by John penny
is now on display in
the Forum.
WWW
esriio CECi2?iSE colony
 
