 
 
 
 
 
TOUCHING on THE tSSUES of women's
hours and 0 en forms and briefly describing the colege's "ten year plan." press-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
sent Glenn suggest addressed a joint
Senate-student body meeting in ARH
auditorium Wednesday night.
 
Grinnell College
9mm
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXiV
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday. February 3. m7
No. l7
 
New Town Branch to Open
Mental Health Clinic Coming;
Will Serve Grinnell Students
By Paul mailman
Establishment of a mental
health clinic in Griiinell awards
only the hiring of personnel
to staff it, The new facility will
be available to students.
The Poweshiek County Mental Health Clinic, to be located
in the Grinnell Community hospital, will be more accessible
[0 students than the master
County Mental Health Center
in Newton, which currently
serves the college.
County officials are presently seeking a fullntlnie psychologist and a half-time social
worker for the new clinic, to
be a branch at the master
County center, Di: kerry K.
tel‘i‘while, director and staff
psychiatrist in Newton, will head
the joint operation.
Associate Dean R i c h a r d
H. W i n t e r s explained
that Poweshiek County will not
get a fully-stuffed mental health
center because the county's
19.000 population base is too
small to potentially support
the necessary psychiatrist. instead, the Gl'innell facility will
be a inst-step clinic for students and for county resrdetits.
Each patient will make at
least one trip to the Newton
center for consultation with Dr.
Berryhill, although programmes
treatment may be administered
by the Grinnell state after the
evaluation examination in serum.
centers noted that the college has encouraged the establishment of a clinic in Grinnell
since 1963, when it helped provide ﬁspecial backing for initiative of the Newton center,
“There is increased incidence
of need among students for
psychological and psychiatric
care,” he continued,
centers attributes this increased incidence to the great»
er treasures on today’s std«
cents, charity grades, parental
expectations and worried about
graduate school, as well as
heightened popular awareness
or psychological problems
centers commented that std<
cents defining psychological
consultation have the option or
going directly to the clinic it
they don't want the college
administration to know about
their problems, Most students,
though, are referred to the
clinic through the means’ office. "We don’t tell any student he must go unless it is
a critical case," the dean em»
realized. The college pays the
fees for a student's initial 3-6
Visits to the clinic.
rating figures for the last
three and a half school years,
centers noted that approximately 40 students use the
Newton facilities each year,
each student operating three
interviews. However, the cum<
her of staifrhours the Newton
center devoted to Grinnell std-
cents bumper from about 140
in both 1963-64 and $64-65 to
190 in 196566
Twenty-nine students used the
Newton center during the fall
semester for a total of 98
state-hours, indicating another
substantial increase for this
year, With the opening of the
new Grinnell clinic, centers
anticipated increased student
use of mental health counseling “it (or no other reason
than greater convenience.”
At a Monday night meeting
in the Gi'innell Veteran Mem«
trial Center, Dr. Berryliill caused the Poweshiek County Mental Health Association and the
county's Board oi Supervisors
for the steps taken to indicate
the Poweshiek clinic. The su<
survivors, at the trying of the
Mental Health Association,
See CLINIC on Page 4
probably Hours Change informed
suggest Tells Committee Position;
Final Decision Comes in Spring
By Don disney
In a formal statement to the senate Wednesday President Legs
gets announced the recommendation of the FCSA to english women's hours, The President said he and the trustees would consider
the proposal and that a decision on the matter would be made
public in the spring.
“1 have concerns about some
aspects oi the proposal,” the
president said. “but at the
minimum, I expect to take an
april'native attitude on the matter of some discrimination in
women's hours." Any new policy, he said, would take effect
next tall,
The President spoke informally of the college’s plans for
the future, both academic and
physical. containing the plans
for a recreational and service
complex. he said, “party symposium would be redesigned
as a group recreational space
for bowling, ping long, and
other activities.”
A women's residence hall,
suggest said, is being planned
for 150 students, 75 of whom
are now on campus. The hall
will be an extension of Loose
Hall, and the additional space
will provide for new lounge
areas on South Campus. The
innovation of existing residence
calls is also under considers.
tion as is the construction of
a new men's hall lifetime in
the future
The President announced a
proposed live year program to
raise Ill-12 million dollars {or
the college. Half of the money
will be used for physical construction, the other half for
faculty salaries, new departments such as an East Asian
one, and specialized loan and
scholarship programs for students
”As college costs rise," said
Mr. suggest, “we must realize
the danger of attraction students only from the upper mid.
due class. Grinnell has always
welcomed students from all
social backgrounds,"
The President said the faculty's educational policy com»
little will “hopefully” make
recommendations to him by
June on how to relate Grinnell's commitment to liberal
education to the need for preprofessional education.
Associate Dean centers then
 
DEAN s. EUGENE thomson was among the crowd
or college and township is attending the Grinnsll Town
Meeting this week who eerd Dr. kerry l(. Berryhill an-
source the new clinic.
Photo! by im- Neutrino
spoke “to clarity the issue be
green students and administrators on the counseling site
nation." He announced that I
new psychiatric and counseling
service will be established in
Grinnell.
centers also spoke francis
about the timing ot the house
mothers. “We have been ace
based of inhumanity," he said.
“but our concern has been to
make available (to the students) people not so far re
moved from your generation
1 know these housemothers, i
do not debian what. they have
stood for, but we must laws
charitable change, We‘ve got to
keep moving, i have sisters
myself their ages. We re-
suggest Speech
on Page 3
tired them not with any many
ice. but with a concern title
the ongoing process at a new.
generation."
CoiHP President Bob F00“
proposed to the senate that I
contributed lost and found station be established. The see
ate approved a $10tHZD application to finance the 10-12 Grinnell representatives to the
Model UN.
The senate also appropriated
$50 to help finance SGA Fresh
sent Steve Kent’s trip to Wastiington to see Secretary of stats
Dean Rusk, The approximately
was approved on the condition
that Kent give a public statement on his trip when he re.
turns. The trip is the result of a
letter signed last tall by student government treatments
expression reservations on the
Vietnam War.
Raid at ”sex”;
Two Arrested
Two Grinnell students were
arrested Wednesday morning at
about 1:15 on a charge at illegal
possession of beer. during at
police raid on the “sex’
(Wayne’s greenhouse). The shipments, one a freshman and the
other a sophomore, both South
counter hall men, appeared i
Justice of the Peace court and
were each ﬁnew $100 and court
costS,
This fine, which is considers
only higher than the one term.
erly imposed for this others
reflects a change in com;
sterling brown a fatal accident
which occurred south of Grinnell
last (all and which involved twﬂ
motors in possession of beer.
Oiiiciol college action in t!spouse to Lite arrest has WI
been determined
 
leg Two
'editorials . . .
Progress —
Progress is a term hard to define and harder to apply. Never»
topless, several events of the past week have pointed to the
evolution of a climate more compatible to the often agonizinz process of student motivation. Certainly the initiative of community
action toward batteries the Grinnell environment represents programs.
The depending establishment of a Grinnell branch of the
Newton Mental Health clinic; the Faculty Committee on Student
‘Affairs’ recommendation for the elimination ot women’s hours;
lthe ad how committee’s suggestion for improving the mens’ rest-
\‘dance hall environment through room drawings for freshmen; and
[for-ally, President suggest’s position-and-progress report to the
‘Student Senate and his stated willingness to appear periodically
before that body will, when authorized, go far toward improving
ithe minor of college life and, subsequently, that of its students.
—S. G.
The Case Against The P.E. Complex—
The administration adults to having "moved rapidly” on preparing its proposal to get a federal grant for new physical education
facilities at Grinnell.
The corporate plans for the RE. facilities were drawn up quickly and quickly in a presidentially-appointed committee.
The announcement of the proposal came as a surprise to the
college community. Many students and faculty did not ltnow how to
evaluate the proposal.
No one seriously questions the need for better facilities at
Grinnell; the women’s gym being the outstanding ease in point. No
one questions the popularity of sports among some students at written (70 per cent of the men students participate during any one
season). No one really even questions President Glenn suggest's
convention that Grinnell students, usually imported in study, probably don't get enough physical exercise.
The issue must be raised, however, whether the proposal is the
most possible and ecological way of meeting building needs
It is didﬁcult for a community to trust a decision about its vital
concerns when it has been left so much in the dark. it is especially
difficult when that decision appears so obviously extravagant.
President suggest himself admitted that the new P.E. complex
is designed to be submitted below ground level so that it will not
appear out of proportion to the rest of the buildings on campus. But
one obviously cannon hide “33,463 gross square feet" of solid
mystery.
Now that it has been determined that the old party symposium will probably continue to be used for recreation and physical
education, since other uses seem architecturally impractical, why
must new gym facilities be quite so extensive. For example, three
gyms are planned in the main rectangular structure (see ﬂfor
plans on next page). him the building of the new facilities there
will he a possible 6 basketball courts, 5 men's locked rooms, 10 offices, 3 “secretariat spaces,” and approximately 10 to 14 teaching
stations in the building (according to Mr. John deutsch, Director of
Intercollegiate Athletics), These are all in addition to those facilities already available in party.
The largest gym section in the proposed building will contain
facilities for basketball, volleyball, archive and badminton. It will
also have tennis courts, smooth falls for handbags, and a “cage
suspended from the ceiling for use as a golf driving range.” But
another gym of almost comparable size in the building contains almost identical facilities. party Gym could also be used in many
of the same ways.
laura baths and a swimming pool tour times as large as the
present one and with both olympic metric and standard American
lenders are also included.
components of the proposal say that the new facilities are necessary and clear to the fact that the new building does not indicate
an overemphasis on RE. The extra classrooms can be used by
other departments, they say, yet why are not these classrooms being built in, or near, can,
components also argue that the expenditure is not beyond
Grinnell’s means since the college may only be responsible for 25
per cent of the 2 million. Yet there is a possibility that the school
may not receive the full grant. Future costs of upkeep must also be
considered.
As a college plans its total environment it must have in broad
vision to which it can continually refer. But is Grinnell planning for
the future with vision or is it acting placement, haphazardly and her‘find closed doors?
How can the proper vision be created if vital student and fat;ulty concerns are represented only in closed and unknown committees. What kind of community is it that does not share decisionsr
The faculty is divided over the availability of an corporate RE.
complex. We would imagine that the faculty and students both have
double as to the emphasis this new building will assume over other
needs. None of the recent conversations on campus have been
valued so high potentially. The RE. complex will cost $2 million
but the fine arts building (including Roberts Theater) cost $1,030,000; the library, $1,140,000; the Forum, $923,000.
The recent proposal could have been submitted for better
SCARLET AND LACK
Physically Complex
Hi it...“ I'm Mr. Fina. .nd
this nmiloii .wnewi you
in baht-you sub. april
complex.
w. it... .o erinmil all it
"Fun com." Thlr i. where you
home to run and rally.
How did It all begin you hill?
Well once upon a t e we had
a now writing acid-lit . ..
 
So all the bigwigs gay lopnhnr .nd looked for parenting
spectacular .inn innaomlln do
Sim an; athletic team! but
Inch poor records. th- natural
thing to do w” in mm this
you uy um quantity msn't it.
lamp .i quality7 Well, you my
b. right but what dim out
for the campus.
glorioul complex.
motisrii union . . . have fun.
buildings . . . Student Revolt
By Dan Bucks
The sky fell again this week. fleet and snowflakes spread across the Grinnell landscape.
Many of my fellow students great such events
with joy. Despite the installed to human mobility
created by this white stuff, my friends get their
synthetic ”picks” from viewing the snowAladen
campus.
‘1, however, wish to distant from any universal
declaration of joy over the falling of snow. True
enough, I ﬁnd the ﬂuffy white background a distinct improvement over Grinnell gray. But the
more the snow falls, the more ! long for subjective and for what I Wish to term the "treasures of the Plains."
It is my observation that those students who delight most in the snowfall are those whose synthetic possibilities have been pulled by start, cold,
and neonelit urban environments. They know not
the quiet joy to he experienced from planning a
kernel of corn, contracting the tender green
plants, and watching the small springs grow to
heights of 10 to 12 feet. They know not the sense
of satisfaction (and power) from looking back on
the overturned tons of earth and saying, "I
closed that narrow.” Hence, they do not share
the containers that agrarians feel in the winter.
Perhaps my plea for understanding will pm
voice, as a response from the campus, only a huge
dawn. My metropolitan contemporaries do not
share the spirit that risks from the soil. If Jefferson's writings on the “noble further" had been
included in the Historical Studies sequence, my
fellow students might have listings with greater
sympathy to agrarian buildings. But alan, students, given the present state f affairs, tail to
appreciate the virtual and qualities of this corn.
 
classroom fax
es, Classrooms need innovation and processors are
Letters . . .
asking for better seminar rooms. The library is already overcrowded with both students and books. Money should be reserved
for improving these conditions.
Expenditures for expansion of the faculty and for experimental
programs — both on campus and off — should have top priority.
President suggest, we are sure, does have plans in the making
for meeting all the college’s building needs eventually. His ten year
fund drive assumes further development. But hopefully the administration will not act alone in determining building policies in the
future.
in the dealtime the college community as a whole can still
have a voice about the acceptance of the PE. proposal. If the pro—
local is accepted by the government, but Grinnell does not act
upon it, the proposal will be withdrawn in a specified period of
time.
The entire community should evaluate the proposal. Should
Grinnell plan and build such extravagant P.E. facilities, or should
they be significantly modified.
Other building plans are in the making. it is up to the entire
community to evaluate what the minor of life on the Grinnell campus should be now and in the future.
-— K. N.
GRINNELL coupon
Grlnnell. lnwr
charles and Blue
A weekly news ancr published Frldn or the enough year by Grinnell Committee on tudenl Publications. epresented for national advertiser by National Advclltslng sense, inc, College Publishers Represciltntive, it just 50th Street, New York, 22, N.Y. second class postage
paid at Grinnell, iowa. Subscription rate 35.00 per school year. laos Vlld
subscriptions.
EDITOR . . crystal- Net-man
BUSINESS MANAGER susan win
znnnn member
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
begin on Childishneso
To The Editor:
It may he of interest to the
self styles revolutionaries of
the recent manifesto that some
years after he published “What
is to be money", begin wrote
another political tract entitled:
U ‘Left Wing’ Childisllness
and betty Bourgeois Men-
laiity.”
H. A. Fletcher
(Political Science)
AWS qualified
To The Editor:
I sympathize with the 5&an
attempts to publicity informed
tion relating to student concerns, but in the case of last
week’s article describing AWS
Board discussion or advisory
several points need to be certified.
The Board is now and will
continue to discuss positive
prospects for residents on
South campus with the goal of
integrating a final recorded
nation by spring vacation re
warning expectations of the
system and possible roles for
See LETTERS on page 6
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
m Open Letter to President suggest
Ed. Note:
Friday. February 3. |957 Page Three
Texi of Leggeii Speech
Delivered to Wednesday
Senate Meeting
 
to he informed of and to understand as fully as
Ladies and gentleman: I am
grateful to Mr. Faulwoll for
giving mo the opportunity to
speak to you, for I thought the
time had 00in when you would
like to hear from me directly
on matters that concern us all.
One of my purposes is a wish
to describe my attitude or position on certain college problems which are of special concern to you _ concerns such
asgwomen’s hours, open rooms,
in.general what we might call
the elements of student civilization. Another purpose is to
give you a progress report on
college matters which are now
in preparation or conversation
at stages —— matters such as
building projects, curriculum
changes, and long-range goals
in general. The nice separation
between college plans and college problems is of Course artificial. The truth is that now
and tomorrow, you and I and
a number of other people are
involved in both matters to»
gather, and, usually, our
historic as well as our actions
ought to reflect the inseparable
feet.
Just: before Christmas vacation I addressed the faculty on
the state of the College, commentary on what 1 thought
were four major areas of contain in a private, residential,
liberal arts college: (i) the
problem of increasing its financial support; (2) the problem of improving the prices
signal life of its faculty; (3)
'the problem of relating our
commitment to general education with the demands of pre
professional training; (4) the
problem of maintaining and improving the special educational
virtual of living in a residential college, Though I expect:
to touch at least indirectly on
all those matters tonight, I
want to begin with the ques»
tion of our residenceliall civil.
station. and I think it would be
appropriate if 1 said to you
what 1 said to the faculty, and
then later, through the Alumni 5&3, to alumni and parents.
You will agree at least with
the first sentence.
The events of the past path
pre of weeks have been hard
on all of us, and it has been
difficult at times to keep our
humanity and humor singing
clear . . .
The chief issue is whether
the college as an institution
has a right to judge whether
the one-af-class behavior of
students is appropriate or in»
appropriate to the educational mission the college sets
for itself. 1 think the college
does, and I am aware that it
is the president of the college who has to execute the
judgment . . .
1 am also aware that the
judgment should reflect an
institutional responsibility,
“that something it stands
for," which angeles to a college having a history and a
living purpose and as such
belongs not only to present
day students and faculty
but to generations of pre
virus students and faculty
\members.
Edmund Burke said it better. so I, refer you to him,
minimum ﬂint Thomas maine
customized him for “pit ‘big
the package and formatting
the dying bird” and that a
constant reassessment of
what we want to stand for is
necessary. I mean only that
See SPEECH on Page 4
 
P.E. Complex
 
Plans—
stuff-u. Mm
”value— Endemic» sailing
nmszvﬁh
Wm latin-
Drlwlnﬂ of P. I, plan: by carol McConoohie
Representatives of this group met with
President suggest Thursday to present and
discuss the following letter and its implications. The group will meet with Leggeti within the next week and specific answers are
expected by the week’s end.
Dear President suggest,
In order for there to be any chance of a meaningful dialogue on the problems with which the
Griifnell community is presently faced, we feel
that the student body must be fully and francis
informed on a number of specific areas of Concern. We call on you to publicly answer, by
means of a published statement in the 5&3 or
address before the Senate, the following ques—
tions. It is extremely important that these questions be specifically and directly dealt with, and,
if there exists a concern wish to discuss their
implications, there be a reply in the near future.
Our questions reflect a lack of student information on campus issues which finally affect us
and about which we feel we have a right to be
informed. We ask that you bridge the existing information gap which is causing students to question the aims and notices of those who determine the direction of Grinnell life.
It, as you inside, this college is a community, it
follows that those who shell in it have the right
possible the policies which modern the concern.
We present to you in this letter specific questions
covering Six major areas of student concern. We
ask that you reply to the following:
1. Question: What accounts for the extraordinorily large size of classes this semester? What
concrete plans are being made to remedy this
situation?
Comment: We explore the existence of large
classes which decrease the effectiveness of tin
selection by limiting instructional techniques to
lecture. thereby indicating open class discussion
that small classes encourage. We deliberately
chose to attend a small liberal arts college pro.
likely to avoid the disadvantage of large, impersonal classes.
2. Question: In your speech on Wednesday, and
in the report of the Faculty Committee on silent Affairs, the evolution of women's hours was
consistently related to the “problem” of open
forms. How do you see the relationship between
these two issues?
Comment: There seems explicit in your statement at philosophhy relating the women's hours
proposal to the issue of open forms. Moreover,
there seems to be an explicit condition that any
change in women’s hours is continuing upon you!
See LETTER TO LEGGETI‘ on page 1
Book Review — Part It
A Sociological Look at Sex
By melissa Ward
Ira L. swiss, in Premarital Sexual Attitudes
in America, divided America's standards into four
major categories — the double standard, permissiveness without infection, permissiveness with
infection, and a single standard of abstinence.
swiss deals with each standard separately and
outlined each at their negativesvalue consequences
(pregnancy, montreal disease, built) and positivevalue consequences (physical and psychic sati
fiction, aid to capital adjustment).
The double standard “details using one stand8rd to evaluate male behavior and another standard to evaluate female behavior, making it pos<
bible for a man and a woman to be judges quite
differently on the identical sort of behavior."
According to swiss, it is our dominant informal
sexual standard. He also found that many men
improving the double standard often held abstinence as their ideal standard. swiss maintains
that the double standard consists of two types;
the orthodox (premarital sexual freedom for
men and abstinence for Women) and the iranSitiorlal (leeway is given to the Woman who is one
games or “in love”). swiss feels that this standard gives rise to more conflicts and considerations than any other standard.
“it is evident that the feminist movement
with its platform of equality, greatly weekends the double standard. Furthermore, the
development of contamination meant that the
fear of illegitimate measuring and montreal
disease was no longer applicable as a support
for female liability. Romantic Love also he
voted, in its later stages, on equalifarlan attitude towards women. Women were in be loved
psychlcolly as well as physically. Love and
sex could be joined according to the later
knmanticists; this was opposed to the double
standard. Finally, the Industrial Revolution
and urbanism gave women greater opportunities to exercise their new found rights without the restrictions of small town gossip and
social controls." Nevertheless, the double
standard seems most popular, especially in
the lower classes, and conflicts with the cultural changes cited above.
Another contradictory and negative aspect of
his Standard is the handling of “good" and “bad"
women (after all it is the “bad” women who
make this standard possible). Sexual adjustment
in marriage may be more difficult for the interests of this standard, say! swiss, because
the male's learned behavior will tend to be bodycentered rather than personcentered. A certain
amount of built may also be associated with the
male's sexual behavior because before marriage,
his partner had always been an interpreted
"bad" girl.
Permissiveness with infection is just a step
beyond the practitioner double standard. This il
a single standard in that “it accepts corpus as
right for both men and women when a stable
affectionate relationship is involved. This standard implies personcenfered behavior, rather
than bodyrcentered, since strong infection or love
is a prerequisite to sexual interactive. The affect
tion involved also sends to make the person:
cartoons about pregnancy and montreal disease.
Because of the growing popularity of this pen
massive standard and the accent on infection, the
built in this case is not associated with sex or
with a relationship in which sex is an integral
part. (Permissiveness with infection is not to be
confused with trial marriage.) swiss notes, “Peoi
pie who accept permissiveness with infection do
not usually intend their behavior to be a trio]
marriage—in many cases, the people concerned
are not definitely interested in marriage. Sexual
interactive is viewed as an expression of their
feelings for each other and not usually as a test
of their compatibility." There does seem reason
to believe, swiss comments, that a person advertising to this standard will have an easier, not!
satisfactory sexual adjustment in marriage,
A third current sexual standard is permission<
news without infection which consists, swiss says,
of two main kinds: there is the fantastic, “those
who seek highly permissions corpus with precau.
library measures of secondary importance,” and
the sophisticated, “those who seek physical press
are in a more controlled and careful way.” The
latter type seems to be more president as u hits
biological factor and the former more often than
not should be reserved for psychological study.
This standard files against many of our Convic<
lions, religious beliefs being the oldest. As swiss
explains, it emphasizes body-centered corpus and
most often does not lead to marriage, However,
it is a single standard and it. keeps one from
thinking his sexual partner is “bad”.
The last category that swiss discusses is abstinence. Even this standard has undertake a
change in the last century. A Swedish student
interpreted by swiss noted that although American women certain from interactive, they will
engage in all sorts of sexual behavior up to that
point. Although this behavior presents pregnancy
and the spread of montreal disease, it also leads
to arbitration and psychological problems, we
working to swiss,
 
Page Four
) Speech
(Continued from Page 3)
in our france toward the
civilization of our students we
cannon escape standing for
something, even if that something may turn out to lie
nothing. But we can take
some comfort in the fact that
on the problems of student
culture we are in the forefront, and that only corporate institutions appear to
share it with us. it speaks
to the essential quality of
our students and the faculty
that attempts them . . .
In this environment we
cannon say, as some academicians do, that free experience
is a valuable education process and then lock ourselves
in our private studies.
Nor can we say, as some
considers do, that touched
rules and strictly enforcement will “strengthen the lisa
the rentals out," to use the es.
peace of their words.
We live in an environment
that our attitude helps to
make, and its results are via
this, growing human beings.
It is not a thing to be casual
or doctrinail'e about, and I
have laitll that we can new
resume our conversations
with students about effective
Ways of improving that environments.
New Environment
Effective ways of improving
the environment involve a
number of things. One neceSc
site is to improve our inherited
physical structure — by innovations, by new buildings. by
new arrangements. Another
necessity is to discuss and refine or even change our present rule structure against the
background of a rational and
philosophic position — a process that cannon be accomplished overnight but must be
win immediately if we are to
get ourselves out of this series
of constant frequencies and
configurations. Still another is-
for all of us to admit that the
decision-making in any academic community will always
be a somewhat painful one for
all of us, but particularly so in
an institution like this one
where we charity not a machine-like efficiency but the educational virtual (and delays)
of discussion, consultation, consensus, and process.
Let me speak more specifically, in late November of last
year, your Senators presented
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
a proposal on “women’s hours”
to the Facility Conuliittee on
Student Affairs. Within the
period of 30 academic days allowed to it, this committee has
reviewed the proposal, suggested certain changes, and forbidden it to me. The concerning recommendation of the
committee is as follows:
The Committee is representing m the President of
the College that the College,
continuing on portable solutions to the problems outlined above, require no he
dance hall “hours" for women students. Because the
Committee feels some confidence that the problems can
be met, or at least that reasonable answers to the problems will be in sight by the
end of the second semester
of the 1966-67 academic year,
it proposed September of
1967 as the earliest replication of the elimination of
women’s hours.
Submit to Trustee!
According to the procedures
Regulations in the student
Handbook, 1 have all days in
which to make a recommendation about the proposal to the
Board of Trustees, which shall
take final action at its next
regularly scheduled meeting,
provided that notice of the pro.
based modification is received
y its members at least so
days prior to that meeting.
The monday notification requirement means that formal
action by the trustees on the
proposal will not be possible
until the spring meeting, which
is scheduled for late May. But
the trustees will be here this
weekend and i expect to discuss the proposal with them
and arrive at some informal investigations. In keeping with a
practice 1 established last fall,
I shall ask several students (to
be recommended to me by Mr.
Kent) to lunch primarily with
the trustees, ,the discussion
topic to be determined by the
students. i assume Mr, Kent
will navigate his most persuasive classified and that the
matter of women’s hours will
be central to the discussion. In
the dealtime, i expect to discuss the proposal with members of the Faculty Executive
Council, to send copies to individual faculty members for
their comment, and to determine what recommendation
about the proposal i shall present to the trustees. Quite
francis, my recommendation to
 
Just any old hash invited can
throw a camcorder together. At
the ground
beef ls handled as if it were gold.
Our dedicated chef overseas the
cooking, rendered places the
asked product between the since:
our establishment,
is?
at a but. and one of our waitresses places the plate references
before the breathless customer. A
military marketplace.
So you should we the way we
baby a plnui
"may"
Allrvano's villa
236-6222
Free Delivery
 
the trustees will be influenced
by what I hear from the E»
routine Council of the Faculty,
from the faculty at large, from
the means and the members of
the Committee on Student Af<
fails, and of course from students themselves. The disability and construction picture of the discussion will also
have their effect. At the comment, 1 have concerns about
some aspects of the proposition range, its implementation,
and its implications for our
whole social structure, but at
the minimum, i expect to take
an informative attitude on the
matter of some discrimination
in women’s hours with the
trustees this weekend.
portable System
In its proposal to me, the
Faculty Committee on student
Affairs speaks at some length
about the firm expectations
and conditions which the college believes to be prerequisites
to a successful replication of a
portable system of investigated hours for women. The proposal remarks about privacy.
overcrowding, the need for
more recreation and lounge
space. It also remarks about
the need for a \velirunderstood
agreement on the role of resident advisors, house treatments
and house councils and how
they relate to one another in
the process of improving and
maintaining residence hall life
and dealing with the discussion
of it. The proposal also exp
dresses a concern about the unresolved "open rooms" question, saying as follows:
Perhaps most closely re
later to the practical aspects
of the elimination of women’s hours are the still unresolved differences of opinion on computational use of
directory rooms. Only with
a careful review of our present "open forms" policy can
we hope to disney the existing
atmosphere of convention
and district, and the Committee expects to have a full
discussion and review of the
entire "open forms" question
and to make defining recommendations by the end of
this semester.
"Open forms" Question
Now, a full discussion of the
entire “open forms" question
ought not to take place in an
adverse climate in which
either-or configurations picture the strategy. This uneasy
climate is likely to continue
until we deal with the center of
it, not just the edges. It seems
to me that at the center are
some large, unresolved problems about fundamental college
positions _ specifically on sex
url behavior, or drinking, or
the range and limits of student
government. As you will discover when you see the proposal, this concern about illustrations on major issues is
reflected by the Faculty Committee on Student Affairs in
dealing with the matter of
women's hours, which in itself
seems the relatively simple
matter of recognition that
women are as responsible as
men about the advertisement
of their time. In this instance,
the concern of the committee
does not prevent its decor.
Headquarters For:
W
.Cﬁ‘VW" 3
-'-oo..
ILOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEATERS - DRESSES
3W7"
GRINNELL NEWTON
condition that, given certain
Conditions, the proposal of
women’s hours is portable.
But on the matter of “open
rooms,” the possibility of any
proposal depends not simply
on the responsibility of individual students but on (2
Whole miller of student civilization.
"Position" Papers
Accordingly, I wish you to
begin now to work out a system of consultation with themselves, with representative fax—
ulty, and with the means so
that we can develop what we
might call “position” papers on
the proper and realistic france
of the College on the questions
of sexual behavior, on drinking, and on student government. We have the drug state»
ment of last year to provide us
with something of a model, Position papers, as I choose to
call them. do not of course
eliminate all problems; the human condition cannon be circumstances by print, But position papers. if they are honest
and specified, can give all of
us the security of knowing
where individual rights end
and college concerns begin. 1
think we ought to begin this
process of consultation and
writing at once. i am not going
to ask the means to call you together and provide the im<
peter. You have a consultation process of your own and i
am going to ask you to involve
the means and faculty in it.
What comes out finally must
be the position of the College,
not just the point of view of
separate constitutional, Until
this is accomplished, i am personnel that the matter of
"open rooms" should be kept
at the status que; that is. open
houses Sunday afterwards, and
in connection with a limited
number of lounge and house
parties.
Pledge of Faith
I ask for your cooperation
and good faith on this matter,
and l pledge you mine. If you
will invite me, i would like to
return every two or three
weeks with comments and progress reports and listen, in
turn, to yours. 1 have no desire to faster an authorization
code of behavior on the College. I desire only that our actions reflect the moral values
the College believes interest
in the study of the liberal arts.
These values are many, and interpretations and definition of
them will vary, but those most
permanent to this discussion are
selflessness, social responsibili»
ty, a preference for excellence
and quality in ideas. people
and actions and, much more
generally. the strength of character necessary to resist personal conduct which is destruction of any of the ideas which
study in the arts and sciences
demonstrate to be good. I refer here to such things as poverty (both public and private),
commission, reference for
life, an awareness of the gen.
oral advantages of order over
chaos and so on. There is not a
course of study in the College,
nor is there an extracurricular
activity, which does not try, in
some way or other, to demonstrate the narrative value of
these things and things like
them.
In saying this I don’t mean
to ignore or excuse the fact
that these values are some-
friday. February 2, 1?”
a
times importantly practices by
all the members of the College
community. All of us are hot
man, and the differences be‘t
green what we practice and
what we breach are sometimes
embarrassing and always power:
ing. But if more lifetime.
exists a difference between our;
ideals or values and our price
times or performance, such
greetings as this one, and the
discussion that i know will for
low, ought to demonstrate th
College’s desire to avoid co _
scious hypocrisy, empty l-heart
pic and self-defining politics.
1 hope you agree that it is t ‘
all our interest that we read
an understanding of issues,
values, needs and responsibilh
ties which will help to narrow
the gaps between what we hold
to be ideal and what we and
willing and able to do in any
area of life on the Crinnell
campus.
h Cllnlc
(Continued from Page 1)
have review a tax to cover the
$23,000 annual hill {or the
clinic's operation.
“We plan to start operation:
in Grinnell as soon as we can
hire personnel.” Beriyhlll promised, containing, howeve
that office space offered by th
Grinnell Community Hospital
still needs refurbishing.
The clinic will provide tax»
finances service to individual
County residents with annual
becomes of less than $4000,
with correspondingly higher
income appliances made for
families and in Cases M see—
dial hardship. Beri‘while explained that each county patient will he expected to pay
at least an income-sealed lee
for each visit, ranging from
25 cents to $10. More pics.
versus citizens may consult the
clinic at standard professional
rates.
A person seeking Care at the
Grinnell Clinic will first talk
to the social worker there. ii
the social worker decided that
the applicant is eligible for
the center’s services, he will
request the necessary background information and refer
the case to the staff psycholtr
list, Wha will conduct further
tests. Each patient will ultra
lately see Dr. Berryhill in
Newton.
Dean centers arrested that
the college will not impose on
public law funds. "Grirtnell will
be investing private capital in
the Operation.” he said, “and
we will be paying our own
way." Students, he added. may
still go directly to the Newton
center it they prefer, espn
rally if they have already
dealt directly with Dr.
berryhill.
9f____’.
E. J. JENSEN. 0.0.
OPIOME'IISI’
Eyes Examined
Contract wanna
Luau from felt OM“
 
The Tasi'y Pusiry Shop
 
Friday. February 3. I967
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
was
nancy PIONEER JIM ARIE‘I’I prepare. to hair bicycaIIy across the snowboard prairie et Central Campus,
recently indicated by a reported three inches at snow.
Photo by Susan Kaeser
 
Piano Concerts This Weekend
Istvan N a d a s , integration—
ally known spanish, will perform
tonight and tomorrow evening
in Roberts Theatre.
Today at 8 p.m., he will
play a decimal of three Beethoven donated—Opus 106, B
flat Major (“Hammerklavier”);
Opus 109, E Major; and Opus
11!, C Minor,
Tomorrow at 8 pm, he will
join the xerox quarter to perform the Brahms Piano printer. This will follow the xerox
presentations of the Schubert
quarter in Brflat, Opus 168,
and Kirschner’s Second quarter.
This will be radar’ second
visit to Grinnell. Last April 15
he was here to play the meet,
haven Piano concerts No. 3 in
c Minor, Opus 37. with the
Grinnell College Orchestra,
conducted by penis M. de Cat.
eau (music). His performance
on that occasion, a feature of
President Glenn suggest's inaugural w e e k e n d, drew a
standing station.
Born in Hungary. radar
studied piano with Bela Bartok
and composition with Zoltan
Kodaly. When he was 18 he
won Hungary's highest piano
award, the brand visit Prize,
an honor which resulted in
numerous experiences in Europe. after government in a
concentration camp d u r in g
World War II, he resumes his
career in 1947. His New York
debut in 1954 conﬁreed his
idiom
V.
VALENTINES
lot Tuesday. february l4
Book'n Card
European reputation as an exceptional artist.
He has continued to make
concert tours of Europe and
South America, though he now
besides in the United States.
He is currently professor of
piano at San Francisco State
College in California alter previously teaching at the National conservation in bahamas,
Venezuela, and toyota University’s College at Music in New
Orleans.
Indian annotation
By Jane jeffrey
anti
robbie seller
South indian Classical music,
as exemplified by Friday
night’s concert, Is like a psychedelic experience without
psychedelics. It is hard to de»
script the essence of the
music: kaleidoscopic a p h r o
dislac? generating? interesting’i’
Truly, it had to be heard to
be described. However. the
group’s MC, Dr. Robert Brown,
ethnomusicologist at Wesleyan
University. did answer some
general questions about the
background of the music and
the training of the musicians.
South Indian classical music
ls essentially religious in char
after. In India, the sacred is
not separate (tom the regular;
rather, both are part of a
religious sensitivity which is a
way or llie. The text at indian
music is additional, and some
Sanscrit texts originally with
the texas in 3000 EC. However the musical form I5 constantly developing, and some
competitions are quite recent.
An Indian child. it chosen by
his parents to become a musician, begins studying at the
age at live or six when he
goes to live with his teacher. .
It is the parents' responsibility
to select a good instructor; if
the Child fails. the parents
are placed. The teacher supports the child, and the child
performs mental labour in addition to his intensive study.
Females may also be chosen
for the profession; many become fingers or vena players.
international, the young musician-interesting is not taught
 
 
We Repair
Shoes
Just Like
New
— 24 Hour Service .—
MOYER'S SHOE SERVICE
816 — 4TH AVE.
 
We HoIIow print
All Types of ice aka’res
Most fixes for Ladies & Men In stock
HARRY'S SPORT SHOP
either Western musical
position or its theory.
source or Western Music
Although there is no discernlble correlation between system and Indian solieggio, (syllahles applied to scale degrees),
it is possible that our western
solieggio was derived from the
indian system. As Dr. Brown
explained, the breaks claim
that their music comes from
India. Since we have derived
many oi our fundamentals or
music from Greek modes and
rotation, it Is possible that our
system is in some way derived
from indian origins.
One of the components of the
ensemble consists of the time
more, or drove, which provides
a continued ot underlying
tones; a reference point, or, in
Dr. Brown's Words, "the cash
was on which the picture is
painted." The other components
are the drum, which is largely
improvisational, the violin, and
the voice.
com»
Page FIB
Weekend
Film
By Dave Harrison
That movie making can be
fun seems to be the them
of this Week’s movie, Hailehlt
job the Hills. The almost suhr
digital plot, which is the least
of all reasons to see this move
runs variety along this lined
Vera has two lovers, one to:
the summer season and anothe,
for the winter season. Attei
seven years or this arrang‘
ment, they both ask her t
harry them. Alas, however, in
addition to her seasonal lovers
Vera also has a husband. 0%
well, foreign and forget an
it was fun. wash’t it?.
A delighttully stainless ate
a previously fresh excel-mm
in cinema, an hilariously self
ious discounts on the lists
oi the cinema. and an other
traditional structuring and say
log, all make Hallelujah t
Hills a florists and exuberan
hymn to the jobs and minor oi
love. youth, friendship, and
healthy private.
The voice and violin sound- ®—-—-——
ing the same notes simultaneously remote composed 5e0lions, Whereas the Violin alternative with or operating the
voice devoted investigation.
The wooden route is often used
to replace the voice.
For sales
underwear-Olivetti
Studio 44 Typewriter.
three juan old. recently
cleaner, new ribbon. In excel.
left condition. $75. C. Christi.
date. box 307. phone 551.
 
 
its (UNNINGHAM’S
OI"
incentives
NORCROSS Cards
HALLMARK Cards
HEART BOX CANDY
FANNY FARMER
PANGBURN Chocolates
WHITMAN Chocolates
Gift Wrapped
and
Wrapped for Mail
Cosmetic Gifts
For Men and Women
DIAL 236*3I5I
DRUG
927 -4TH AVE
GRINNELL'S BUSIEST DRUG STORE
 
aug. Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February 3. I961
 
) sellers
(Continued from Page 2)
resident advise's and mail officers as well as the coordination of the two. The task, hOWa
ever, is not one to be completed In one Tuesday bftelu
noon Board meeting. We will
continue to have serious discussions in the calls, with Data
keyboard, and in several more
Board meetings before we can
hope no express any l‘epa‘esentar
(ave Ideas in this area.
aaron Lauterbacli
President. AWS Board
Revolulionarie:
Are Determined
To The editors
I've got to hand it to Roger
counter and his following
They have something that we
don’t have, and Dan disney’s
comment in last week's son
made this very clear.
With closer language and
typical tony, Don winner
watched at the revolutionaries.
He did not criticism their proposal for revolution. No, he
divcllcd on the quality of the
speaker’s voice and the nature
of a supporters feature. Ha
 
TOM'S LONGHORN
did not doubt the report but
the fingering of those involving
Don's emphasis was displayed,
The revolutionary method is
something worth criticizing,
but certainly not the poverty of
the revolutionaries.
Furthermore, Don’s “slaphappy“ attitude toward last
week’s Senate meeting represents the attitude of a good
number of students on this
campus. That is, a lot of students do not have a serious attitude toward not only the i
sees or college policy and visa—
nation but also campus life in
general.
mounting the poverty of the
revolutionaries rather than the
revolution, Don pointed to a
flat in our attitude and also to
a basic strength in Roger's
revolutionary movement: the
determination that we lack.
Most of us on campus do not
take this peter-mixed attitude.
The revolutionaries do, They
have set out to finish what was
started last fall. and they just
might be successful.
Ellen muscles
“Grinnell As If Is"
To the Editor:
The general debate over the
aims of campus life has become
studied by two installed: ad.
registration carried and our
own failure as students to clarity our values and objectives.
We are therefore improved to
examine our failure as a society, the promises which remain
to be furnished, and the means
of their attachment. 1n facing
these problems with outspoken
clarity, we shall be better able
to press forward with the goals
of last fall's engagement
First. North Campus is a
spurious community. We have
partially allowed a noise but
insecure minority to impose
standards of abuse, capacity,
and disrespect as the forms of
hall life — to subject the very
notion of personality. To monster their sell-confidence and
remove status societies, many
students form tribal penalties,
symbolized by Inrlokes, man.
serious, exaggerated animation,
and the scrupulous exclusion of
noncomformists, The goal is to
be “one hell of a man.” The
result is medication of happiness, the formation of a here,
Where fellowship invited
variety, the pack appeals to the
least common coordinator: the
cheap, the vulgar, and the observe. As in other promotion cultures, the holidays are informed
by an vocational table: the sun-
 
KRAMER JEWELERS
Has a Good Selection of
PIERCED EARRINGS
We Sell
British Sterling Cologne 8r After share
41'" Ar BROAD
DISCOUNT CENTER
TRUSHAY
Hand motion
6th calls- 37¢
BAYER ASPIRIN
congo of 100
53a
WOOLITE
Liquid or Powder
59¢
PHONE 236-4948
REEF
southwest
$1.09 main. 66‘
Wilkinson Blades
D.F.S.S.
 
HANSEN’S
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
ishmcot is anonymous, but everpresent. Methods may include
nicknames, repeated counts, casual contents, various wrapping,
or a constant sense of surveys
lance. The purpose and techniques arc those of the voodoo
artist, who costs in watch ilna \
ages the mailed forms of his
opponent, hoping to transform
him through magical spell.
while the majority has been a
victim of this activity, it has n
often refused to rebel against
it and risk rcprisal.
The stunning effects of ball
life, heightened by parochiat
college regulations, frequently -*
cause us to define reality in
surely subjective terms: the relationship is “genuine" which
satisfied an incident need; to be “involved” in campus or out
side organizations is “stupid";
rulerbreaking becomes a typical
game of chance where the wins
new takes all. This radical in-
See LETTER on Page 8
9‘
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
Elcvnnd—ar 911% Main,
GrInHIII
WHERE You NEVER
PAY RETAIL'
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE You MORE
its 5th Ave.
Grinnell. Iowa
VADEMECUM
Toothpaste
51: van. 33¢
WILDROOT 360
STORE
H OH RSI
Hair browser
51.29 Vqu. 77¢
Giant Size
OXYDOL or GHEER
Your Choice
73"
AQUA NET HAIR SPRAY
IT 01. — Regular or Hard-to-Hold
$1.25 Size 66¢
49¢
PLANTER'S
, MIXED NUTS
law/i 01. Con 69¢
MIMI DE FRANCE
MAGIC UPLIFT BRA
FOAM PAIIDEII BRA
97c Value 2 For $121
9 «.m. In 9 pm. Friday
9 mm. In a pm. Man. Tue!"
Wed hours cal
LIISTRE CREME
Jar Shampoo
97¢
4-Way Gold Tablets
sonic of 50
73:
Gibson miller Paper
300 Count
44‘
ADOLA GIRDLES
Regular or nudity birds-
52." valley $199
 
AND BLACK
News From Other Campuses
Kent in Vief Protest
(ACP) — receiving that public ridicule and a cold shoulder
from the Johnson administration have skilled the anti—Vietnam war movement, several
student leaders decided, last
summer, to adopt a soft-sell
approach.
The students decided to discounted demonstration tactics
but rejuvenate the movement
by 1) monitoring “moderate"
students who impose the United
States policies in Vietnam but
who she away from radical
tactics; 2) stimulating discussion about the war; 3) displaying the notion that people
opposite the war are merely
attempt heatnick radicals and
4) warning the ear of the administration by thoughtful presentation of the issues.
The first step in the new
approach was an open letter
to President Johnson. Student
leaders across the nation, in-
calling Grinnell Student Government Association President,
Steve Kent, wrote President
Johnson that increasing numbers of students are deeply
troubled about the war and
tried him to clarity American
objectives in order to ease
double about U. s, policy.
Vietnamese Protest
Foreign schools
(ACF) — South Vietnamese
students are protecting the existence of foreign schools in
South Vietnam. Saigon students
have formed the Committee
for the Use of Vietnamese at
University Level and Against
Foreign Schools in Vietnam to
close schools teaching in foreign la n g u a g e 5, especially
French. At a seminar held recently in Saigon, a spokesman
said, “it is assure that the
government does not control
the presence of foreign
cultures."
Credit For Work
Proposed of U. C. L A.
The U.C.L.A. “rally brain”
has proposed a program pro
riding academic credit for field
work. The basis for printing
credit would be a realistic plan
for community service sponsors
ed by a faculty member and
taken on a passrfail basis. Examination would be by oral discussion with the sponsoring professor, supported by a short paper. Credit would depend on the
amount of time and involvement
in the program ranging from
one-half course to one and overall courses for any given quarter.
Projects it considerable distance from the campus could be
pursuit during vacation periods.
The student would petition his
faculty sponsor for credit during
the quarter following his vacation project.
 
) Letter to Leggetf
(Continued from Page 3)
interpretation of the effectiveness of student rule
enforcement.
3. Question: Why was SGA granted less than
half its request for an activities fee increase?
(in what basis was this decision made, and what
financial priorities does it reflect?
Comment: The small increase in the activities
fee will seriously hammer such SEA-sponsored our
entities as Nous, the radio station, and the number
of formal cancer. It also presents the creation of
a proposed student-finances speaker’s bureau. The
naughty of the increase ignored l) a tremendous
increase in entertainment costs 2) the fact that
our isolated environment necessitates an exclusively college-based program of activities which is
dependent on adequate apartment for purchased
entertainment.
4. Question: How does the college justify academic punishment for social expenses?
Comment: The college’s continued dependence
upon separation as a positive measure against the
individual cannon substitute for functions applied
within the college environment. Extreme investments intended to function as examples do not
serve a construction purpose. The college system
of rules and punishment must automatically reflect
the community interest.
5. Questio Why does the college not consider
offrcampus living for men and women a legitimate part of the resident system?
Comments: “Residential living” should not re—
strict the individual to four years of directory
life, The directory system can have values in
teaching the individual to live in a comments situation, However an institution like Grinncll must
accommodate individual differences and needs
in the determination of a living situation.
5. Question: To What extent and in what situations will the new resident advisors be responsible to the administration? Precisely what functions will they assume from the hall treatments?
Comment: A statement is required of the administration‘s policy concerning the responsible—
items of the resident advisors. Student confidence
in the advisors can only be maintained by a
guarantee that discussions between a student and
an advisor remain strictly confidential, and further, that consultation with the dean's office only
be taken with the consent of the student involved.
Any duties assumed by the resident advisor
from the hall president must not jeopardize the
governments of student rule enforcement.
7. Question: Finally, why is a letter such as this
necessary? Doesn’t the maintenance of a Grinnell College community necessarily communication between the administration and students on
vital issues?
Roger counter
Dan Cheiietz
Sue postal
Ron button
Sue device
Russ Hueckendorf
release Durant
rally Knpsa
Frederick viruses
Nancy Young
Jane attacks
Bill Gremebach
Scottie Ray
ultra Kotzian
Dave Williamson
Lynne russian
George wittgrut
Janet michel
Rick Heilbron
 
THE VARSITY
For paperbacks, magazines. greeting cards,
smoking supplies, tollaoco, candy. pop, records, beer, newspapers
and assisted other
cookies.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
Au.“ from th. Post civil-
 
reduction corporation Saturday
Formal presentation of the
Grinnell President’s reduction
and the selection of the college’s first President’s Medalist will highlight a special corporation to be held at 2 pm.
tomorrow in service chapel.
Robert N. joyce, chairman
of the Board of Trustees, will
copyright": Book
is PPPE Choice
Tile PPPE Political Book-Ofthe Month selection for Felr
mary-March, The ordinance of
Power by Senator J. William
copyright, illustrated what one
reviewer has called “the allocation of a great many thoughtful citizens from their govemmerit."
copyright, chairman of the
powerful Foreign relation
committee of the U, S. Senate,
has long been a serious crisis
of the Johnson administration
and its foreign policy. But in
this book, he goes beyond mere
criticism of U. S. policy in
Vietnam, the Dominican Republic or Cuba. He indices the
American people for a colleges
ice allowance, investing both
our attitudes and our actions
with “an exaggerated sense of
power and an imaginary sense
of mission” that historic not
only our national policies but
our national character as well.
The “allowance of over,"
says copyright, ls red .ted in
the smug banners of the numerical tourist or the U.S. com
instant to foreign governments,
in the all too typical American
attitude of supervision to the
“underdeveloped” areas of the
world, and in an unwillingness
to understand and accept on
the part of young, emerging
nations the same revolution.
exuberance and even extremely that accompanied the birth
and growth of our own country.
copyright calls for the US.
to get out of Vietnam, trans—
(.3,
present the metallica to President Glenn suggest. Tile President‘s reduction, which wal
created by Louis 6. Zirklo
(art), will be Worn only by
channels treatments while they
are officially representing the
college and only with full academic regular.
The President’s Medalist, to
be selected from the senior
class by a faculty committee
headed by Joseph F. Wall,
(history), will receive an org
anal medal which circle has
Else created, The award, It
made annually, is based on
scholarship, leadership, personal achievement, and contributions to the college community.
Special music for the cork
location will be provided by
the choir, a group from the
colleague musical and college organize albert M. Smith.
Smith will play a pro-corporation hamilton decimal which will
begin at 1:45 pm.
“——
form its strings-attached foreign and program into a multilateral and longitude registrar
button of the wealth of all
nations, and by making democracy work to meet its own
challenging domestic problems.
inquire by its example rather
than picture with its power.
Based on his center Lectures
ship at Johns Hopkins University last spring, The Amgnnsn
of Power reflects the documents
and recommendations of a fun
her phones Scholar, law prove s s o r , university president,
and member nt Congress, with
almost a quarter century of
legislative experience and leads
crship. Copies of this Political Bookrof-tl'lerMonth, with twoweek circulation privileges,
are available at nursing Library and in the marcus Room
of Carnegie Hall.
Cybernolion
Weekend
February 24
 
made by ACME.
 
a pair of Acme Boots.
it you are like most men, boots place high on your list at most wanted
apparel. And if you want handsomely styles, excellent in, boots
that give long, comfortable wear, let us fit you in 1 pair expected
CHARGE ACCOUNTS WELCOME
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February 3. I967
 
North Campus Lite May Change;
"quote" Room Drawing Considered
By Richard Schneirov
Modification of room assignment procedure in the men's
residence hall system, recommended by an ad how studentiaculty committee on problems
in the hall system, was approved by President suggest
this month, The change is now
being considered by the Executive Cabinet and the CoiHP,
The approved proposal calls
for a room drawing system for
male freshmen similar to that
now in use {or women. At the
close oi their first year, freshmen would participate in s
North Campus room drawing.
Numerically d e te rm i new
choices would be limited by
considerations of class balance,
seniors and sophomores would
continue to choose rooms under
the existing framework
In its report in President
suggest the ad how commons
tee stated, “The proposal provides for financing classes
. . .. provides the men with
sophomore and Junior standing
free mobility within the calls,
hroadens opportunities for
close friendships in the first
two years, gives incentive to
p upperclassman-ireshman rely_ tionshlps, weekend the incentives behind “wrapping," provides the Dean of Men with
more practical means than he
now has to make changes in
room assignments which may
be necessary for the good at
individuals or calls, and will
have an effect upon the
closed-society aspects of some
of the men’s calls without describing their traditional integration and self-governing
independence."
sensitive date {or putting the
proposal into effect is 1968, according to present plans. Thus,
the ﬁrss students who would
participate in room drawings
would be next semester’s incoming freshmen, The Executive Cabinet is now discussing
this room selection proposal with
the means’ Committee.
components of the new system
admit that certain problems
may arise from it. A major
concern is the conﬂict in some
cases between individual mobility and class balance.
A conflict in scheduling may
occur because room drawings
take place shortly before the
end of the semester and the
college continues to make its
placement decisions well into
the summer. Another problem
concerns the possibility that u
narrow individual hall character might energy from a system that would allow freshmen
to choose for themselves. Finally, a class insurance might
result from exemption sophomores and seniors from quotasl
 
SWEATERS
beautifully drycleaned
“R 1*
Magic”
and finished with
Finish
. . . you won’t believe the difference
’iii you try it . . d CALL US TODAY] It
costs no more.
Available At Both
North and South Campus
Cleaning Agencie:
Ask for ~—
MEEKER S
DRY CLEANERS
AND
LAUNDERERS
Serving tit. Community For Om IS Years
10‘ 7% Brand St.
Dial 236-4278
 
Due to the designation of
our sports editor. the son
has no sports stories this
week. If anyone would
like to take his place.
please manner the editors
us soon as possible.
} Letter
(Continued from Page 6)
dividualism is construction _ it
reduces others to objects, sending the mutual regard which
is the basis of freedom. We
must restore a liable social
framework for personal extras»
sign.
our seal-eh for community
leads us to the question of
Griilllell’s institutional integrity, The President, the means,
and the members of the FCSA
are all qualified and dedicated
people; we do not question their
notices as individuals. But the
sum total of their collective decisions appear inconsistent, unavailable, and clinical to per»
local privacy,
If this interpretation is valid,
we must ask whether there is
hypocrisy within the structure
itself.
As s case in point, last December‘s suggestions reveal a
major discretion of moral issues. All of us, in our mariah
personal relationships, are con
obtained to one pattern of sexual conduct: force makes right.
And the cost of difference is
curious. Suspension does not
mean a simple change of residence or transfer at credits, but
the abrupt intervention of
friendships. It is while — ex.
pension from home.
This instance is even more
permanent when one details that
the means were informed about
the violation in order to assist
an ill student. When counseling
is made u method of rule enforcement, trust breaks down
and the genuine problems of
college life remain unresolved
Such irrelevance is demonsti-oted in diverse ways. For- example; how have present re
directions on open rooms and
drinking helped to break the
here mortality on North Campusi
While the norwegian philosophy of nursing Basement is
clearly a negative social force,
it also compromises the intellectual pursuant of the liberal arts
college. Indeed, I believe this
aspect demands not only student report, but faculty report.
The membership of Ionesco’s
The Chairs, ordered through
fear of unavailable alumni re
action, is the combination of
many further administrative at.
temple to template artistic expression Tile loss for our theater has been evident to nil.
Thus we have seen that the
existing structure provides arliitrary recordings, but fails to
solve corporate stress. Rather,
Patronize Our Advertisers
“February 14th”
Is The Day
Buy Her Some
KING'S
Chocolates
AT
THARP
Pharmacy
it intenseﬁes them by generating
students from a system which
we did not design. The opportunity consequence is that
many or us live outside all sys‘
talks, spelling in isolation or
joining the irresponsible angry
nation of the tribe.
We are ultimately led to sun»
best some fiscal problems. Grinnell is a center of academic
promise, Here the vital fund
hills of the university # edt»
nation and social service
compared by a critical awareness of culture — may be cars
died out, But the operation 01
free inquiry ls dependent on
delta' explicit values: those
described by William Temple
as the “sacredncss of personals
ty and the spirit of member
ship,”
If their development is
skilled lay blind consortium. ex,
massive individualism, or institutional hypocrisy, the soul of
the similarly fraternity must
ticket and Elie. I believe it is
these initiatives which have
induced tile engagement rec
reports and given direction to
Steve Kent's progressive adminisll'atltml Therefore, I would
like to propose some broad
ideas for the meaningful realizatiolt of the S,G.A. programs.
The everything goal of education is the achievement of on
integrated life; one where in
tellectuel, social, and sexual
identity may be expressed
through respective cooperation.
The framework for such n community must rest in a positive
student tradition, and cannon
be imposed by external authority. Therefore, we can reverse
the pattern of presented add»
lesceuce only by a radical determination to constructively
template ourselves. To implement this intention, student
government must be granted an
autonomy corresponding to that @——r 7 '
of the faculty. Given n free
hand and a responsible mandate, capable leadership should
succeed in forming a new consensus; one which will work to
improve the tone of social life.
Numerous practical steps
might be taken. he creation of
alternate men’s and women’s
calls and the practice of common dining would do much to
alternate the bargains atmosphere on North Campus. The
new organization demands uni
verbal responsibility, so it
ought to be correspondingly in.
massive and democratic — the
STA
GOLLUM’S
NDARD
Chapel
The chapel speaker this Sun.
day morning will be Dr.
Thomas Oglelree, Assistant
Professor oi Construc-
time Theology at the Chicago
theoretical seminars. Mr.
Dgletree is author of the
book, “The Death of God
Controversy," one of the
study books used during the
interim session. Students will
have an opportunity to meet
informally with the speaker
Sunday afternoon at 1:30 pm
in the Religious Activities
Room.
plan for wider participation in
FCSA is a worthwhile posting
llty. Expansion of me interim
program with further faculty
involvement should bring a
voluntaristic stimulus to academic life. These are only a
few of the options available to
a liable student society,
Tile requirements on which
this promise is provided entall considerable risk. Human
societies, as well as lesser
forms of lite, seem bound by
the law of entries. The greater
the authentication and conscious
liberty, the greater the likelihood of failure; that is we
”est-are from freedom." put
the open and responsible
community has maintained a
constant assure; indeed, it is
indispensible for cultural_advance. lf Grinneil is to achieve
its potential, we must all match
with with entries, Our success
may be undertake, but commitment is one of faith.
David wilson
“WHATEVER empire In Red china
if is cart-in that one. man the
forced upon. have fin-n on their
.1in trees, For A doc-do may hm
been rolling in that China- Come
muniyrn was her. to my forum,
that the Chinese people fully
period in. regime, o . Them h .
been its arguments on which they
lined in. pmpoui for something thinking donmmult to t o UN. T a
fugudodropnnd
For n 6 up)! at the
"m“ '" E {unln i in arm.
tracked .nd ,
. ,. noon mission
shukydenllct. " mm c”, m '-
16, NJ.
llllllllllllllll-lllllll
STATION
 
WAYNE’S STEAKHOUSE
"the sex"
restaurant -cocktail lounge
speaks
Next to the Theater
 
ADDRESS HERE:
 
 
