SCARLET & BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
once again, the oldest college newspaper west oi the Mississippi
Vol. LXXV Grinnell, iowa. Friday. November 24, [967 No. l2
 
 
CHOPS PORK
NORTH CAMPUS
ANIMALISM
SOUTH tOUNGE BlRTHPtACE 0F PAX
By SUE T. MILLER
The Iowa Political Action chancellor Peace (FAX) — an organization of students and adults in
Iowa seeking to bring the peace issue to the party and presence level -— was founded Saturday afternoon in the South Lounge of the Grinnell College Forum.
Students and adults from the University of Iowa, University of Northern Iowa, brake driver-
REACHES EXTREME
site, Iowa State University and Grinneil, among others, were represented.
all A” UNIDENTIFIED 5“" WRITER The group made plans for a second meeting to be held at Grinneli December 9 and outlined the
A sara recruitment of the boarsheod tradition of Grinnell Col- purposes of the council. l
legs was reflected last Saturday morning for the sake of charity. PAX aims were seen as fourfold: i) to provide channels of communication among places
Langan hall volunteered for the WUS auction a pig coast; this was oriented groups; 2) to help find candidates who favor world peace and consistent solutionslto Amerodventurously purchased by barnes for $750 (The pig cost $35 ap- ice’s internal problems; 3) to encourage Iowans concerned for peace to work within their parties
Propriated from the hall initiative fund). during the election campaign: and 4) to work for the acceptance at peace plants in the platform!
The events at Saturday morning, as reported by witnesses: at the major political parties.
8 a.m. — Langan teachers arrive at farm and indicate they The group believes that it is possible to elect to the one vacant Senate seat and seven House seat!
wish to buy pigr Farmer's son (“a real eye for pics") leads them “men who are dedicated to seeking peaceful solutions to foreign policy issues.”
to the pig pen, Car is driven into pigpen. Hundreds of pics gather A suggestion was made that nominations for officers of the council include three persons from
around car and. begin to link and rock cal: Men exit from car. each district, one [it which would be a registered student. .
“Pick one with a north on the ear;” mad chase around pigpen “If the student sees his role in Specific electoral and political work,” Council chairman Richard
(”They were shoppers, lots of Bentzinger stated, .then he Will
mu d"). Illllllllllllillllllllllllllllillllllillllllllllllllilllllllllllliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllillillllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllilllllllllllilllllilllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilillllillllllllllli not feel that he is being read
8:30 — Pig is hosting in trunk
of car.
8:45 —— Arrival at Grinnell
College. Intention was to take a
pig out to lake and slaughter it.
Driver had 9 o’clock class. He
took keys of car with him to
class. Meanwhile B846 men are
upgrading chairs into Langan
basement for lounge party that
night. A B&G man closed how
he received that a pig was once
slaughtered in a men’s hall a
few years back. It takes a long
time to coast a pig. The keys
to the trunk were in class. Langan basement shower is a clean,
filed, sunset affair, The site
of the death was fixed. 'the
tools were moved into place:
a scout machine, major sharp;
one 4'local Switchblade; and 4
favors in! debrislling: 2 mathematics (they were poor; had to
estate the blade too frequently),
a roulette stainless and a Super
Blue.
BIAS—Pig had breed itself in
trunk; it “revealed out” of the
trunk Pig, skin and all, was
quickly hundred to the credit
of our football training.
9:55—Pig carried into shower
room and hung inside down on
tower hook.
9:56—Pig was stuck. Pig
signals. Mr. Pomerenk called
by persons universities. B&G
men come and watch proceedings. “Some of them thought it
was a very funny paper. Others
didn’t.” Pig is still streaming
due to watched low. machine
is served and signals stop.
10:10—Last sign of his exists
from pig. Enter Mr. Pomcrenk
"What are you doing? Who is
in charge here?" (silence) A
freshman (never having seen
the director of references, thinking he was a parent) “We’re
slaughtering a pig. IIc's hung
inside down. It'll be mother.
And we’ll give the entrance a
Christian serial.”
Mr, P: “Why here?"
fresh: “Where else? Mac
field?”
Mr. P: “DO you think the
college should provide you with
slaughtering facilities?”
IUIIS—MI‘. P. and Mr. KrauSv
man met on the states.
g“Krausman Wasn’t awakened
RADIO TURNED OFF
Members of the executive board of the metal radio station designed en cause last week
Following the example of station manager Babak Armajahl,
they dated their reservations January 3. They Will withdraw
them, though, if the station is operating by that date.
At an open Senate meeting Tuesday, Atmajani explained that
the board members are frustrated, and cannon continue to work
without results. They hope to source the college administration
into getting something done.
The pressure seems to be taking effect. Armajani says so
much has been accomplished this week “it would make your head
spin.”
Evan garden promises that the station's studios will be
completed by December 18, but, notes Armajani, “I won't be com
clearly optimistic until we're on the air."
Reviewing the history of the station, Armajani said the idea
of removing the radio station was designated about two and a half
years ago. There had been a station on campus some years before.
The college administration was cool to the idea, even alter the
Student Government Association agreed to ﬁdance it.
A group of students then formed the organization of the station
and submitted a detailed plan with a budget included, to the administration. The administration was then willing to commit itself
to the idea. The executive board hoped to have the station on the
air at the beginning of this somewhere
Since then, Armajani said, the station’s studios have been located in just about every building on campus, and after seven
months the station is still not on the air.
The station‘s staff at its peak included one-teeth of the student
body, Armajani told the meeting. They were very active in training and discussion sessions at ﬁrss, but are now memorabilia.
They do not feel that they are accomplishing anything.
Armajani still has hope that the station will be broadcasting
by January 3 and that it will not be enrolled in a “bureaucratic
quagmire," If the station is not on the air by January 3 and the
board designs, Armajani expects to reorganize the board when
and if the studios are completed.
“Too much has been done by too many people to let the thing
die on paper,” he said.
llllllllllllllllllillllilillillllilillllllllllllllllllilllllllllillllllllllllllilllilllllllllﬂlllllllllllllllllllillllilillllillllllilllllilllilillllilllllllllllllllllllllllillllililllllllllllllllllllllillllllillliliillllililllllllllllllillilllllllillillllllllllllllllllllillllil
by the pig but by the streams
of Mr. Pomerenk”). Mr. P.
calls dean of men.
Mrr K: ”Stop what you’re
doing, clean up, and move it
elsewhere. Student: "Let me
finish." (Mr. K. was quickly
personnel by the obvious.)
10:25—Executive housekeeper,
Mrs. Leotta Anderson, is re
posted to have said “ . . just
so long as they clean it up. .
10:30—Dean arrives. The students involved have nothing but
praise for the way the dcnn
handled the situation.
Dean (mostly): I want that
pig out of here. I don’t want
to see it on campus. And I
don’t want to see any parts of
it on campus.
Student: “I’ll take it out immediately.”
(“The Way the dean said it,
it really had a ring to it”.)
pig was picked up under arm
and carried out the back states.
10:30—Dean leaves. Pig is on
firewall. teachers go to lunch
after shower. it was subsequently decided to portions pig,
and sllbsiltute speak. Pig was
transferred to a local greeting
plant. (not Saga) Food locked
man expressed surprise at the
cleanliness of the job.
SENATE
SETS FAST
This semester's fast will benefit the American Friends’ Service Committee, the Senate
decided Tuesday night. The
money will be earmarked for
medical supplies to Vietnamese
divisions. both North and South
The date for the fast has not
been set.
The Senate provided that con-
SENATE—
(Continued on Page 5)
out," It seems that many std<
cents now feel they “cannon
end the war through the electoral process" and so must “undertake more act‘ve means,“
Bentzinger explained
Concern was voices by Iowa
State Professor David settled
over the type of issue to be
Considered by the council. “It
seems we can accept breasts
in relation to our issues, but
most of the time, in coordinate
areas,” he suggested.
settled did not want the issues to be so broad that views
within the group would vary
basically.
Chairman Bentzinger later
added, “I hope we restrict our
goals, and don’t try to coordl‘
date, rather than operate.”
Consolidation of various
peace movements was mention-
heating source for
es.
The Iowa Peace Bulletin, of
which settled is editor, has
been suggested. Announcements
for the first meeting of FAX
had been made in the bulletin.
members cooper, a fourﬂl
coupon of the late President, addressed the group He said It.
plans to run as a peace candy<
date in the New Hampshire
primary in March.
If elected President, cooper
said he would “do everything
within his power to: I) stop the
War in Vietnam, (2) establish
a new foreign policy to relate
to the people who want freedom and peace instead of concept directors, 3) end the draft
and the military intervention in
civilian affairs that have resulted in a dangerous centrallzation of Federal power, 4) employ money and minds now
wanted on war to meet all do‘
celtic needs, 5) cut taxes
when possible by international
enlargement, 6) end all forms
of discrimination in jobs, edt‘
nation, and housing, and 7) em
courage all over l8 years of
age to accept responsible clti<
zensliip, and vote."
cooper said that democratic
party leaders’ estimate of annual military expenses is sad
(Continued on Page 7!
 
Page Two
Editorials . . .
A RADICAL EXPERlMENT
lN GRlNNElL GOVERNMENT
'after only three meetings an efficient and contributions
Senate constitutional reform committee has granted a preliminary
proposal to alter basically Gl'inneli’s student government into the
most progressive student democracy ever attempted by a college
or university in the United States.
The proposal would change the large and cumbersome shipment
Government Association (SGA), with its Council of House press«
cents (soil-lP), Associated Women Students Board (AWS), and
Senate, into a unified Committee of Thirteen, exploring a stream.
lined system thereby any student can recommend legislation, seek
address from administrative overnight, and understand all of the
warnings of the student government and administration policies.
Ten of the members of the Committee of Thirteen would be
elected adelaide from the student body, under the proposed plan.
Anyone, including ireshmen, who meet academic eligibility requirements, could seek election. The AWS and soil-1P will be retained solely in an enforcement and advisory status in the calls,
but the soil-KP and AWS treatments would serve as voting members
of the Committee of Thirteen. A Chairman of the Committee —
like the present SGA president — would conduct meetings and
have a vote. The social coordinator will act as an ex—officer following member.
Standing committees on all phases of student life —— eg., library committee, sentence hall committee — will feed proposals
into the Committee of Thirteen for action, The chairman will be
selection by the Committee of Thirteen (Corr) from people who
make applications, and all interested students may apply to the
chairman to serve on these committees. The standing committees
will meet regularly, and regularly propose legislation to the Ccrl'.
Underlying the entire structure, an office of student ombudsman will be created. The ombudsman idea originally in Scandinavian countries as a people’s watching or official to investigate
fragrances against administrative agencies’ oversights; his job in
Sweden, for example, was to protect the little man from the large
bureaucracy and to explain its policies and rationale.
The ombudsman — elected from applicants to the Cofl' — will
have an office and regular hours and would receive a salary equivalent to that of the present speaker of the Senate. A student who
feels that he has a valid legislative proposition seeks out the ombusman to find out which committee would be the proper channel
for it.
A student Wishing to deviant somewhat from the academic
requirements of the college because ol 8 special situation asks
the ombudsman where to turn in the College administration. A std—
sent indicated by the judicial council can ask the ombudsman how
best to be assured of his rights.
The ombudsman would meet weekly with the means, and would
sit on the ColT as a non-voting observer. He would receive min
uses from all of the standing committees and hopefully have access
to minutes of faculty committees dealing wide student life, although the contents of the latter would not be publicly divulged.
The ombudsman would report to the Con". His power lies in
the practice oi his office, and the investigators publicity (sets, radio station, etc.) attending his reports.
In short, anyone can go to the ombudsman, and find out how
his government works and is working. Any student can play a part
in the representative government on a committee. Any student
can run for an office. Any student can propose legislation. All students will have a voice in the smoothrrunning democratic process.
Ombudsmen . type proposals have been offered in several
state temperatures and many compression have agreed that this
approach to democracy works well with populations oi one or two
thousand. Colorado, Pennsylvania, iowa, New York, and several
other states, have dmfted ombudsmen bills.
One or two American colleges have considered a government
exploring an ombudsman, but they were lost in strengths for
other reforms. If the Grinnell student body and the Senate have
the courage to create a government like the one proposed by the
Senate constitutional reform committee it will be a First.
A student placement can be more than a mirror image of
American political process; it can he an experiment in progressive
sziciency. It can put Grinnell on the map.
We hope that the initial difficulties in passing any revision of a
governmental system are transferred with all the security of a
thinking student government.
The Senate cornmittee on constitutional reform is to be cork
mailed for its rapidly evolved and wellvfounded proposal. This
is something that should be talked about and noted upon . . . soon,
The new Grinneil Plan lot Student Governments is good enough
not only to streamline Grimeil but to serve as a gardening for every
other college and university government in America,
The Committee on Student Publications announced today
that Neil kitchen (Langsn senior) will be editorinchief of
the charles and back next semester.
kitchen, the present fails managing editor, internet as a
reporter with the Des points bureau of the Associated Press
and with the Denver (solo) Post. He was named outstanding national summer reporting intel’for 19W by the Newspaper Fund or the Wall smet Joan-L
SCARLET AND BLACK
"I illlliiilillliiiiilliiiilliiiiiilliiiillllliiilllliiiillliiilllliilllllii
LETTERS TO
THE EDITOR
iiiiiliiiiilliiiiiiliiiiiilliiiiillliiiiliiiiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiilllii .
To Neil kitchen:
I’m not sure whatever it's
worth even answering your column on Ron Miller. You're a
big buy now and you know
that people area’t consistent
machines.
You don’t seem to have
shown much properties for tax—
ing action toward what you believe is proper for society. I
can’t concern you for that —
personal or social. So Ron inn't
perfect; even somewhat organic
sometimes. So am I, and all
my friends, and most feeling
human beings
li you want to knock Miller
for being human, please don‘t
waste space in public galleries.
it dress’t make you seem like
very much,
Dick camp
lilllliiii|Iiiiii||llilllllllmllllillllliiilllliiilllllliilllliiiiiliiiilllliiill ‘
NEWS
= BRIEFS
Viillllllllllliiilllliiiiillliiililliiillllliiillllllliilliiilillilililiiiiilllii ,
$100,000 GRANT
The Old position Foundation has awarded Grinneil a
$100,000 grant to assist in the
expansion and research opportunities for members of the humanities and line arts societies.
The grant, which is form fiveyear period beginning this year,
will be used for faculty research and study purposes and
for sabbatical leave assistance
in the areas of history, philosophy and religion, language and
literature, and fine arts.
it will support faculty and
faculty-student summer research projects, and other research or study opportunities
which will improve the quality
of the faculty and its instructional capabilities.
“This grant is especially
well-times, following as it does
a substantial grant from the
Alfred P. clean Foundation
aimed at the natural sciences
and a National Science Foundation grant in support of both
the natural and social science
programs,” President suggest
noted.
“it offers new evidence that
foundations are recognition that
the humanities and fine arts
programs at American colleges
are as worthy of support as
must oi the social and natural
sciences. The Old position
grant will greatly assist Grin-
friday. November 14. l9”
ANIMAL BEllllhlﬂllc
By Ne FschEI‘,
There seems to be nothing to complete about at Grinnell this
week, but something is radical (and therefore interesting) in the
state of Denmark.
Tile independent republic of Bird Island —- located in the
middle of one or Copenhagen’s several city lakes _ has declared total war on the United States.
According to reports from the British News Service, the newlyproclaimed republic was founded last month by Danish students
representing an organization called length.
The ultimate goal of length is not known.
Danish police on the banks of Lake Sortedamsseoon were
“making invasion plans" November 9, according to a Collegiate
Press Service (CPS) release, as the students refused to suspended
their lztldsquareyard nation.
Bird Island has a population of six. It was seven, but one D!
the considers apparently leu snowboard from a landing craft and
had to swim back to the Copenhagen shore.
“The group has sent a telegram to the United Nations seeking
membership," the CPS reported, “and a cable to the US Embassy here (that is, Copenhagen) replacing total war.”
The Bird Island War — unlike the Vietnam conflict »— is al<
ready picking up open support of American college students, espn<
really in the Associated Colleges of the Midwest,
An editorial in the November 9 Beloit (Wisconsin) Round Table,
for example, disclaimer "SUPPORT OUR BOYS 0N BIRD lS‘
LANDl!"
“Join the new Peace Group on the Beloit College Campus,"
a news story in the Round Table suggested. “We are foresightedly
protecting the War in Bird Island."
"We impose the Administration's stand on the isle," it cork
signed, “They are choosing to ignore it although this one 15 a de‘
closed war."
“We have been challenged this time," the Beioit story Con<
eluded, “We want to iighfill”
Now I suppose I could relate the Bird Island affair to the
Grilulell campus. i suppose I could neither it in typical GSM <
The Paper—prototype nature. I suppose X could suggest a Saga
last to give out to Bird calendars or u civilization Against the
War in Bird Island or a Bird Island Committee.
1 could ask you all to get in the groove and consider off-campus, national and international affairs.
I ought to, really, because when I attempt to analyze onrcam<
put, indicating problems, I get nothing but sweet.
You tell me I should be more concerned with off—campus, na<
signal problems,
You tell me I shouldn’t attack individuals who have been irre<
sponsored.
You tell me —— in letters — not to “waste space in public
galleries."
Okay, studies, this week you just get what you tell me you
want — a typical news-type release from the phantasmagoric,
netherlands of GSMs everywhere. It’s real, documented news,
you know; it‘s really real. 1 hope you enjoy it as much as
you’re supposed to enjoy The Paper.
But really, you know, there are other things to talk about at
Grinneli — like the gross conservation of the place, as a little ex«
apple. the conservation that undertake GSM thinking and GSM
lack of action.
And if you'd like me to talk about that kind of thing again.
you know where to ask.
But if we don’t. want to reform the little invitations at Grinneii H if you really don't — l’li be happy to give up and let The
Paper tell you about other Bird Islandsr
Illiiillliiiiilliiiillliiiililliiiiiliiiiilliiiiiilliiillliiiiilliiiiillliiiilliiiillliiiiilltiiiillliiiillimllliiiiillililillliiillllllillllllllllﬂllllllllllllllllllllliillliiiill
Old position Foundation in
in December,
well College in bringing into
better balance the opportunities for faculty scholars to improve their professional conference as teachers.”
This is the second large gift
Grinnell has received from the
SCARLET 8 BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell college
1101 Full Sm" Grin.“ will's.
Grinnoll, Iowa 50”:
A weekly newspaper published each Friday o!
the college year by [he onnneu committee on silent Publications. Represented [or national Advertising by National Educ-bonus Advertising Services.
m Lexington Ave.. New York, New York low".
second class postage paid at Grinnell, rows. Sub~
mention rate $5.00 par school year.
subscriptions.
women _____ m.
MANAGING north
COPY error .
nusmrss MANAGER __
circus-rton MANAGER ____
.._ __ on
“Arts WRITEIS
law polo
- Ierllc’y. Mn! Cbrhlenrel.
susan not-nu, newbie Gznlry,
Andy lulu. Adi-gonna Lemmas.
but radio-non. .mr another.
our-id will-HM Am Tuyicr
Aln- luau-rd rm new.
a m
event years.
1965, the New York City foundation awarded the college a
iiveyear, $50,000 grant for the
upgrading of faculty salaries.
PEACE CORPS
DEFERMENT HELP
The Peace Corps will interface on behalf of Volunteer!
seeking draft determines for
two years of overseas service.
Agency Director Jack
caught, concerned by mounting induction calls to Volunteers serving overseas, said he
will take an “active role" in
seeking future determine casebefore the Presidential Appeal
Board — the court of last 1’64
sort for draft reclassifications.
in the past the agency performed a largely informational
news BRIEFS—
listening on M I)
 
friday. November 24. I?"
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
IIII IMMODEST PROPOSAL
By DON WINNEY
Author's note: Any sexual or otherwise scintillating symposium herein stated, whether intended or suspended, ex«
tender or attended is hereby declared simply symposium,
unless otherwise performed.
Not long ago our extended President declared there is a residential Hall Problem, not to be confused with last year‘s South
Campus Problem or the previous year's North Campus Problem,
He asked for a frank Solution and now, url all immediate, I should
like to propose a very natural one. But first, perhaps an substantial
example from my tail at Grinnell will help one candidly concentration this bubble answer.
A couple years ago one spring root night after diligently wres<
king with the social implications of my gradepoint, I was calmly
contamination qualities of existence in a North Campus lavatory.
There, surrounded by cool green walls, pulled by a sweet, sequestered quietiide occasionally nipples by the sibilaut wilderness ol
clothing water, I married translated by the Very pastoral sanctity
of this haven, reminder as indeed William portsmouth was of
nature's welcome recruitment.
"Five times," I measured to the dynamic rain of financing
water, “Five long times have I passed to thee this day. And again
I hear these waters spelling from their natural spring i .
“Pooh, you 5.0.3., you," I heard a friend politics posts. I ma
quiesced to that affectionate euphemism, although no one before
had ever called me “Pooh."
“Pooh," he improved, “This bitch has to take a ———”
“compliance of our facilities?" 1 suggested. He was referring
to the sleeps, curvacious bundle of silver beauty effectively settled in his circle arms. “Why certainly," l replied, although duty<
fully voting its gender, one usually foreign to our North Campus
facilities.
He gently dropped her on the floor along with several cars
of reading liquid and staggered to the mirror where he wrote in
lipstick some observe classical word, it looked like a decorative
form of the Latin herb “iucco, success,”
“Come on, Pooh," he logged in a somewhat unscholarly manner, “Let's leave this bitch and go rape South Campus."
Why what did he mean? Never before had I been preferred
such a philosophical proposition. After all. it might be easy to do
that kind of thing to a bitch. But tn a universal . , . Suddenly I
seemed controlled with a moral diploma of enormous proportion, one unusual to my mental or physical furniture. Should l follow my friend‘s windows and sinful path to South Campus like an
animal or should I remain here amidst the amenities of Civilizav
tion? That was the question: To go or not to go?
I had to go. Quickly I walked over to the facility, Just then,
however, this bitch started currently playing at my leg. I looked
down and as i did. as 1 games upon those salary lips, upon that
silver skin and sessions body, upon that warning tail, it was as
if the gardens of Civilization were somehow to be disclaimer, as
if face to face we stood naked unto the world unashamed oi out
temporal beings and now aged with a transcendental sense at human bretherhnod. l quickly pulled up my bahamas.
As my uncouth friend importantly left, I previously held the
door or the faculty open while she soampercd in. Yet I too was
believed. At last there was a solution to the Residential Hall problem a a civilizing emission at the human condition: computational
johns.
DEFENSE PLANNED AS
INVADERS RETURN
 
Again alter legal visiting
hours, though this week on Friday night. six strange young
men found their Way into Read,
Loose. and seats directories,
They went first to Read, en—
during by the logged door and
passing a Read girl who had
witnesses the invasion of Saturday the elements.
She said: “At least one of
them was the same; he was a
big guy and easily recogniz<
able. One more a jacket turned
inside out, but it wrapped open
and showed a William Penn
College unsigned," and added,
"They were printer this time.”
One man entered a second
. floor room but left when told
by the surprised girl that she
was going to call the police.
The SIX then went (0 Loose
lounge where betty Davis, ResIdellt advisor, presented them
from entering actual bedrooms.
She phones the police, was told
about the Road call, gave der
recllOllS In the directories and
went to Main to look for the
patrol car already en route to
South Campus.
Their last Visit was to years.
“About 12:15 a.m. I went to
my mom; i opened the door.
A guy was sitting inside on the
windowsill, using my telephone," a years girl said.
The window, which had no
look, was open, receiving the
boy's friends who were waiting
outside on the ﬁre escape. The
loose window screen had been
porn off.
“I asked him What he was
doing and he asked to make a
‘phone call," she continued, “I
told him he coupon’t, tried his
ﬁusers from the phone, and
pushed him out the Window, onto
the fire escape.
They ran to their car which.
she said, was a red Chevy
Convertible with a white top
The police, although they have
not caught the calendars, re<
portable told the nightwatchman that the boys were from
Brooklyn, lcwu.
llc MacDowell, at the Senate
BOOK REVIEW
ON NELLY SACHS,
HER POETRY
By GEORGE YOUNG,
RUSSIAN
The first German-English edition of the collected poems of
kelly facts (0 The Chimneys,
published last month by Farrat, Strauss, and Girou) is a
book of very important poems,
Hans Magnus Enzensberger,
in his introduction to the book.
calls the oeuvre of kelly cache
great and mysterious, two
words which are among the
first we teach freshmen to
avoid when writing about literature. But Enzensberger use!
the right words,
Her poetry is great because
in poem after poem kelly
facts kinds human voice and
human words adequate to speak
of the insulin and unavailable along of the death camps.
Her poetry is mysterious because her words, her Voice, her
images quickly, without forming
or fucking, translate real
couples into real jobs. in her
poems the dust that risks from
the death surfaces becomes, by
magic that is not slight-of—hand,
the dust the butterfly carries
on his wings. The dust from
Dachau is carried, by winds
which man can not control,
across seas to become the soil
of Israel.
The themes here are the old,
wireless ones: death and reports, catastrophe and redeem<
tiny. But what is fresh and
timely is the voice with which
kelly facts speaks of these
deaths and these reblrlhsi
One certain problem for everyone today. but especially for
the literary artist, is that daily
one witnesses and leaves more
of the unavailable, but one has
only words. kelly facts feed
from Germany to Sweden in
1940, when, as she said, language was all she had left. Not
many writers in any language
can find words that say more
than a picture of a file of emar
coated bodies, or Words that
speak more frequently than the
seven digit number of the
people wllo were killed. Only
the rare Word \let not source
back, only the rare voice will
not stream or fail. Moreover,
the news media show us so
much of the unavailable so
Often that our ears no longer
hear, say, the weekly prostores
from Vietnam; our eyes no
longer see that humans, not
just delivered objects, are being killed. For safety we make
ourselves blind, deaf, dumb.
The achievement of kelly
facts is that she gives us eyes
(her eyes on the dust jacket
photograph are unforgettable),
ears, and Voice to rehumanize
ourselves as, today. we constantly must.
meeting Tuesday night, said
that a member of the C0 of H P
will be mentioned in the quad
in Resident AdVIser Suzi Argenti’s room, from 10:00 pm.
to 12:00 p,m. Wednesday
through Saturday and should he
called by anyone in trouble. He
will notify Cogswell, MacDowell
or Dean Thompson, who Will
then investigate.
big. Thru
IIEIIN PATROL ROOMER RUMOR
Uncommon to popular belief,
up student has yet been found
in violation of residence hall
regulations, Dean Thompson
said. Asked about patrolling, he
said that there has not been any
since the Spring Riot last year.
and he does not plan any in
the near future; he has no
plans for, as he puts it, “want
during around looking for trouble." Thompson does, however,
reserve the right to interface
if informed specifically of any
trouble.
Thompson said that house
councils, consisting of elected
officials, seemed to give primary royalty to their constitution than to the administration
in conflicts that arise between
the two. A “civil service systems," he stated, might there
more be preference. The South
Campus ”battlefield system"
was commented by Dean
Thompson as one such example.
 
) NEWS BRIEFS
(Continued team page 2)
function — advisory Volunteers and trainers of Selective
Service laws and procedures
and continuing to local boards
the fact of the Volunteer's service.
In future appeals, caught
will write letters to the board ,
describing the circumstances in
each case and trying board
members to grant a determine
until completion of the colin<
teen's overseas tour.
“We have a serious situation," he said. “The problem
of induction notices to overseas
Volunteers is becoming a major concern for us. Pulling a
Volunteer off a productive job
at midatcur is affair to the nation, the host country, the
Peace Corps and the individual.”
SOCIOLOGISTS
TAPPED
The Grinnell Chapter of Alpha happy Delta, the national
sociological honor society, has
initiated four senior motors into Its membership this month:
Betty francis, smith Peterson,
Evelyn Sugawa, and Ruthena
Sternberg.
Membership in the national
Headquarters For:
society is most commonly reserved for graduate students but
the Grinnell Sociology Department in 1962 became the ﬁrs!
strictly undergraduate department permitted to organize n
chapter.
in addition to the four initiated Richard webster is a hold—
over member from last year.
TEACHER TALKS
Marie Martin, Grinnell '64.
will speak on her three years
or teaching in India, today at
4 pm. in the South Lounge.
Miss Martin spent her “birth
Year Abroad" teaching at Ahmednagar College near Bornbay. She thought during the past
two years at the International
School in New Delhi. She is
currently studying Indian and
Far Eastern History at the Unls
Vei'slty oi Michigan,
Her Visit to Grinnell is under
the auspices of the alternative.
a1 Studies Program.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 235-3977
HOUSES . SKIRTS
SWEATERS A Dress; E. I. .russell, o'n'
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Cloud short. PM.
and Sat. PM.
GRINNELL
 
"Inn-non.
Last year one of our
BampusTraval Reps Earned $164and a free trip to Europe.
You can do the same this year. Interested to travel?
Got about10 hours a week to spare? For full
details on our full range of travel products and
the free promotional kit, apply to:
value inner
u. 5. National Student Association
255 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016
not"IIIlnonNIllloonu
IIIoIIIII-u'llvoo .
um «um-sumo.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November 14, ”6V
GROSSETT’S GLOSSARY OF STUDENT “SAGE
By JOHN cnosserr,
CLASSICS
‘ Students have expressed, lately. an increasing interest in a
course in “human values.” if
such a course should alternative (spirituality), a number of
curious problems would arise
As one student remained to
me, “What will happen to a
student who fails the course‘i’,
,Will he correct his right [0 be
considered him an" other
Questions follow; for example,
would he perfect his right to
stay in channels-perhaps a
,horse fate. And what will we do
with those who get a grade of
"D” Would you want a roommate, or a house president, who
but a “D" in “human values."
Even the “Credit-Fail" system
will not help here.
One reason advanced in sun«
port for such a course is thisll
there is a failure in ”Communication". The words we use
may be the same but the meetings are different; or worse
-—the words are different but
the meetings are the same, only
we cannon tell. In the interests
oi greater harmony, and to
help those working to establish
a course in “human values",
I have compiled the following
glossary for meetings attached
by students to the basic come
mon Words of academic discounts. it is, of course, intended
only for the use of faculty and
administration, since students
always have a clear and precise sense at what they mean
even when they mail to communicate the meaning. i
thought, however, that i would
publish it instead of circulation primarily. in this manner,
students who recent being left
out of major “policy decisions”
might feel less essential: and
——futhermore—as i may have
mistakes a meaning or two
along the way. the student body
will have a chance to correct
me. i shall be grateful for any
additions or corrections
1. motivation: doing what
you want.
I. majority (two meetings)l
one, whatever age you’re
at; two, the result of
motivation — arrival at
the age where you can do
whatever you want without
disapproval or punishment.
3. discussion (two meetings):
one, expression your own
opinions; two, allowing the
other fellow to express an
opinion in between two of
your own
argument: 3 method of
forming you to history your
opinion consequently, you
are certified in lying about
your opinions “for the sake
of the argument.” See
proof, logic.
stimulating dis c u s stone!
somebody else’s opinion
that dress’t more you.
impression: fact
science: an endless successful of new true facts replacing did one facts; hence
a convenient treasury of
materials to support your
opinions and to reiutc your
opponent’s. See real world,
truth.
the scientific methodii
broadband—error.
education: a means of in.
reviewing with motivation.
by preventing experience.
truth: an oscillating mode
of existence which springs
into being when you speak
and which census to exist
when the other fellow
speaks.
developments any motion
that attempts your interest.
rights: desired.
college: an unreal world.
real world: where you can
do what you want. are.
 
Back to delta
SWEATEngo‘,»
SLACKS
SKIRTS
COATS
professionally
dry cleaner
' & finished
with the
process
...meet the tall season with
clothes that have had our professional cleaning and STA‘NU finishing . . . restored "llkeNew" look
I. too! to all fabrics and it costs
will! willing.
NY
I
i
MEEKER'S
15.
. justice:
practice motivation even in
public.
rule: a way of interesting
with nature. reality, truth,
and justice; consequently,
looked to failure.
adult: anyone who believes
in rules.
poverty: use violation.
favourite; one who disciplines of violation rules; a
synonym for adult,
sex: communication.
history: the important
events of the past; importance is determined by
whether you have heard of
the event.
aim. goal.
pulse.
reason: will.
knowledge: your own opinion.
opinion: what the other tel—
low thinks is knowledge.
proof: an act at once im<
possible for another and
unnecessary for you to perform.
agreement: a method oi
getting the other fellow to
stop expression his opinion
so that you can begin to
express yours. No agreement of yours is ever binding in an argument since
it was made only for the
sake of the argument.
logic: the systematic discretion of language by one
more skillful than yourself
for the purpose of sending
you your rights; the proper
reputation of logic is to say,
“It’s all a matter of penalties.” Less sophisticated
regulations are: "It depends
on your point of View" and
“I don't agree."
a system of enhancing others to accept
your opinions and actions.
teacher: one who know:
more than you but whose
knowledge is not related to
life. See real world.
life: the range of your corrections.
creative (two meetings):
one, any action oi yours:
two, any persons who sun—
port your action or who suggest a means for obtaining the goal you have in
mind.
patients: a form of permissiveness owen you by
others.
tolerance: your permission
for others to exist so long
as their existence does not
effect you; hence a virtue
for which you deserve
praise. ‘
responsibilityl a unilateral
recognition of obligation.
arts: other people's
sites.
society: the organized de-
‘oil‘es of others that run con-
end: any img
de~
‘47. identify: to recognize that
tracy to your own.
environment and humidity:
a pair of impersonal details
who control the distances of
men; they are useful in
reviewing men of all annoying awareness of built
and responsibility.
context: a flexible set of
circumstances by means of
which the nature of any
part can be altered,
legal channels: means provided by others for achieving your ends, when they
produce that end; when they
do not, they constitute bu<
democracy.
authority (two meetings):
one, an arrogant and selfproclaimed director when
he disorders with you; two.
a wise and competent expert when he agrees with
you.
. administrator: an agent or
society (q.v.).
. interest: an emotional attachment or involvement
(q.v.) or cancer (q.v.);
a desire to express one's
self in relationship (q.v.) to
an “area" of interaction
(ti-VJ.
field any set of relationships (q.v.) in which any
individual has an interest
(q.v.); since “field”
decorative corporations ——
that is, it suggests a defined set of relationships —
the term “Area" is now
more precise because it is
more value.
. definition: the meaning any
individual attached to any
word; the technological and
historical convenience of
many individual meetings
at any one time constitutes
truth (q.v.); each proceeding generation's definition
is true for it and hence
true absolutely so long as
t h a t generation ensures;
what proceeding generation!
define as true is of no concern (q.v.) to the preceding generation since generations are concluded from
international relationships
(on).
45.patients: a virtue (q.v.)
imposed by adults on the
young which requires a denial and postponement of
motivation (rpm).
is. fact: an plastic term, basically, anything you know
from personal experience;
by extension, anything
known by another from
personal experience which
you accept: facts are-true
to the degree with which
you identify (dim) with the
other person,
21.
mothers personal expensive is the same as your
 
See Our Fine Selection
Of Christmas Cards . . .
And Mail Early
The variety
has ,
own; failure to identify is
always the fruit oi the other,
person, that is, he has not
had experiences similar to
yours; it is possible to have
sympathy (qv) for him to
the degree that you undeiit
stand how he has been presented by the adults of his
society from having ascii
experiences.
understanding: (two meetings): one, any mental act
possible to perform \Vlrhoui
either knowledge or memory; two, iorgivehess.
sympathy: city.
embassy: sympathy.
independence: willingness to
perform any act for which
you will not be held respond
since and from which 110
consequences result; seq
responsibility.
feeling: a mode of judy.
ment based on emotions and
consequently superior to
reason in poverty any.)
and validity.
grades: a subjective eval.
nation, based on the teacher‘s personal idiosyncrasies
and bearing only tangential
relationship to understanding (q.v.). merit, or effort.
equipment: the purpose of
education (as in, “1 tinjoyed the course").
85. it n ow l e d g e (automotive
dam: the ability in look
things up when you need to.
u. need: an adjust situation
created by adult failures to
arrange the environment
and die universe so that
such situations will not
arise.
test: an example of an adjust need (q.v.) arbitration
created by adults as preparation for the disturbed
real world (om) which they
have produced,
vice (two meetings): one,
any action or condition
which increases on your,
rights of motivation; two, a
decorative adult term for
any action, especially of the
young, based on true any.)
feelings.
virtue: adult video.
learning: the process where
by students and teachers
talk about things and see
their relationship (q.v.), a:
in "Yesterday we tall-led
about the French Revolution and its relationship to
the rise oi communist."
0r, again, "communist is
related s o m a ho w to cool
comics." (Va 1' i a n ts for
"‘somehow" are "in a sense"
and "in a way accept.
able synopsis for' “re.
later” are “connected" and
"involV8d.’,' but “intel're
later” (q.v.) is best. who
ability to speak and write
such sentences is the mark
of a literally educated per-
son. See learning experience.
relationship: the perception
that two or more things
interact (q.v.) or are inVolved. Any attempt to dating the nature of the relationship is the job of the
specialist and lies outside
the aims of liberal education.
62. interreiallunship: a mutual
N.
57.
 
F Iday. November 24. I957
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page hiv-
_'___.___—_—————-——————-——'——‘————_"
relationship, one which allows for no priority in importance ol- education:e.g.,
one may say either "communist is somehow related to economics" or
”Economics is somehow re‘
later to communist" with
equal validity.
international ﬂladonshlpsx
a form oi interaction (q.v.)
in which the two agents
have a positive authentic orientation with respect to
each other.
Interaction: sexuality democratized; everything is related, as well as relatively
effects are mutual- hence
no priority or significance
or importance can he assigned—cg, "seats insert
after with the nightingale"
or “Tile nightingale interested with seats."
interreactlon: effect democratized: the Word is not
yet current, but as soon as
the aggressive sense of “interaction" is noticed, “in
transaction" will become
standard
significance: a word used
to show that something is
“important" or “essential"
or “vital"; like “relationship" (q.v it needs no
further spec station. The
best synonym is “meaningful" (i1.v.).
meaningful: a form or significance (q.v.) especially
appropriate to forms of interaction (q.v.) which lead
to international relationships (q.v.); an interaction
of embassy (q.v.).
involvement: the state of
having a relationship with
something, especially a
meaningful relationship.
concern: a virtuous form
of interest (q.v.), generally
applying sympathy toy.)
and supervision without
snobblshness; hence apply—
create to a democratic society.
interest: pleasure.
privilege: a common right
industry reserved to a few:
h e n c e “underprivileged"
people are those presented
by society (q.v.). from sharing in the privilege—though
environment and, possibly,
humidity, are in some degree, to blame as well. Cars
for seniors is a Clear example of a privilege.
. community (two meetings):
one, concern; two, a social
organization in which all
members have equal powers
but in which the constitutes
of the young has a more significant (q.v.) role when
acting as a blog because or
its superior power at embassy (q.v.).
.- policy—making: an extremely interesting (q.v.) form oi
william action seriously presented by adults as a privilege (q.v.); the action consists of saying down rules
for others to obey.
classroom: a method employed by adults to keep
students from interesting
toy.) with teachers and
other students and which
thereby presents international relationships to. .,
the opposite of a learning
experience (qrvr).
. learning experience: any
activity in which students
are not suspected to discs-
plane either by the nature
of the subject matter or by
teachers; such experiences
occur only outside of classrooms, as in extracurricular
0r “concern‘iculaf activities
best of all, they occur offcampus completely: examples are cancer (insider.
video and unchaperoned),
parties (diego), jobs (executive preference), and policymaking interesting.
grammar: rules (q.v.) imposed on language by adults
to exhibit self—expression
(q.v.) attention to such rules
marks a failure either by
speaker or auditor to need
significance (q.v.) and to
to show embassy (q.v.);
the proper response to
statistical objectives is to
say, “But you know what i
mean.”
self expressions Any action
you perform.
)SENATE
(Continued from Page ii)
comes students could specify
Whether their fast Contribution
would go to North Vietnam,
South Vietnam or both.
other- posting its for beneficiaries of the fast included Uncle Sam’s Club, mexico. and a
clinic operating in an lesbian
slim.
Senators also heard Babak
Armajani, station manager, explain why the campus radio
station has not yet began broadcasting, and Tom Thomas and
Neil kitchen explained the pro
based SGA Constitution.
See the radio story and an
editorial on the new constitution elsewhere in this issue.
SGA President pic MacDowell
announced that students will be
conducting a march for circular destroyed in town this weekend. There will be a preparation
meeting at 4:00 pm, Friday,
in the South Lounge. MacDow
all suggested that this march
could improve town-down relations, and tried students to
participate.
Machwell also issued a plea
to girls to report any male
invaders they might see in
their calls. So far. he noted,
these invaders have not been
represented.
The SGA was unsuccessful in
its efforts to get the means to
agree to opens Thanksgiving
Day
MacDOWell asked students to
help the textbook.
All SGA committee has recommended to President suggest
that Quad younger be open un
til midnight.
The committee has endorsed
the idea of freshman forms, or
at least freshman floors in next
year’s residence system. it also suggested that there be at
least one cold form, if the
physical facilities of the building are satisfactory.
YEARBOOK
PLANS
As a result of previous difficulty with Grinnell textbooks,
an experiment in textbook philosophy is now being carried out
on campus. The academic year
19674968 will see two textbooks
instead of just one
Scheduled to appear on cam
put in February, the first of
those books, cycling is“, will
have faculty and administration
pictures, senior pictures, and
mail pictures, which should make
it of special interest to seniors.
Grinnell Book 1958 will be a
candle View of the multiple faceis of life at Grinnell, This
last journal, to be published
in June, is for every student
a valuable record of the events
of a college year. The cycling
is now selling for 33.50, the
principle Book for $4.50, or both
books for $7.00.
Since work on the cycling
is now being completed. several final tasks must be accomplished. Senior pictures will
be taken by the National Studios of Waterloo on Wednesday
and Thursday, November 29 and
30. A sitting fee of $5.00 will
be asked to cover photography
costs and postage charges on
the final color troops.
Arrangements for appointmerits should be made immediately by contacting Peggy
Morrison at ext. 514 or by signing the appointment list in the
Publications Room of the Forum.
Seniors who do not make their
own arrangements with the
cycling will be contacted no
later than Monday, November
PLAN
DRUG
INFO
On February a, 9 and 10,
Grinnell will be offering a Drug
information program. Formal
lectures, coffee hours and informal discussion groups are
being planned with the follow»
ing general goals in mind:
1) To present the most recent
virtual information on drugs
through the use of professional
resource personnel specializing
in the fields of physiology, pathology, law and philosophy.
2) To promote rational dis
session of the notices,,extent
and effects or student drug involvement and to facilitate encountered decision making without streaming a particular ethic
for behavior. ’
3) To contribute to constant-
DRUG—
(Continued on Page a)
 
WAYNE'S . STEAKHOUSE
“Th e sex”
TAKE A BREAK FROM BOOKING FOI‘i FINALS -—
VISIT US OFTEN!
Fine Food — mountains —— Beer on Tap
NEXT TO THE THEATER
0AMPIIS NOTES
By KATHY SHEA'
Paul Zonn is presenting two completely different concerts the:
week. Contemporary Music in will be performed Saturday at
p.m.. and Contemporary lV will be Sunday at 8, in modem
Theatre.
Jeff Dunn, Grinnell junior and student of Mr. Zonn's, ha!
writer one oi the numbers it is a piece called “izettrostruciures:l
Highlights of the weekend concerts include Richard Howe playing the piano with his allows, Paul perth (xerox quarter) playing
a few bars of runtime, and Peter Marsh (xerox quarter) playing
jazz on the middle.
Performing Cornelius garden’s ”Solo with Accompaniment"
will be Jeff Dunn playing the piano from the inside, and Bill M64
dirty, mostly from the outside. Paul Zonn will be a tourist on the
clarinet, penny shuttle, musical ham, tube, English how, etc.
Other pieces to be heard include the prices of “Virtuoso Mud
sic" by Paul Zonn, dedicated to and played by Peter Marshr films
Zonn (music) will perform "Silt Metamorphoses After Ovid," a
solo oboe piece by Benjamin written, English composer. stephen
solve’s “Piece in Two parts" will be performed by the has<
band/wife duo of spanish Joan Furswell (music) and florist Patrick
Purswell (music). Purswell will also play his own composition for
route solo, “It Grew and Grew.”
Each concert is short, ending about 9:15 pm. and it would be
worth training a little late to the several mail parties scheduled on
Saturday in order to hear the program.
There are still two days left in the Film Study Festival, No
member 22-25, sponsored by the Department of Speech and cheats
and the Social coordination Committee.
Sunrise, the most lyric and poetry film of the agencies, will bl
shown at 4 pm. today in Roberts Theatre. Blue Angel, starring
airline district Will follow at 8 pm. This film is the story of all
floral cabinet singer and her would-be sugardaddy.
Two short films and a lecture start at 9 am. Saturday in mazda
arts. The movies are Train pottery, the first film in which closing
shots and parallel cutting were used, and The indonesian Dog,
Dada art film by Luis panel and Salvador valid
Arthur tennis, the festival lectures and currently Assistant
Professor of Art at The State University of New York, at Albany.
will give a lecture at 1 pm in Roberts.
Citizen lane, jason seller‘ first and best film, based on th.
life of William Randolph Hearst, will be shown at 10 pm. in ARH.
rt 0 o
Ann Kirschner and Dru McConaughy are giving a program of
contemporary folk music tonight at 9:30 in the Forum topic!
House. Their songs are all new, things they haven’t done before‘
and some are original competitions.
the scene of a folk concert by Forest Russell. a student at and
the women of a folk concert by Forest Russell. 3 student at low.
State University, Rick owner, and Ken picks, at 10:30 pm.
 
What Time is it?
Time for the
IN!
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
RESISTANCE PAN-EL PLANNED
(Ed. Note: Ron Wood. on
off-campus senior psychology
major, is not afﬁlisted with
the Iowa Draft Resistance
Urdon or any other political
action organization. Feeling
that “this is an issue that
ought to he ordered at
Grinnell." Wood has organIzed the December 1 panel
discussion an Electoral Politics, Draft Resistance and
Civil libraries scheduled for
4 pm. in the South lounge),
By RON W001)
As the second nationallyorganized day of anti—draft demand
solutions and resistance ap<
branches, now seems a good
time to examine alternatives.
1 have asked representatives of
different organizations to come
to Grinneli December 1 to air
the issues.
Steve Morris, a member of
the Iowa City Draft Resistance
Union, (DRU), has agreed to
come representing that organization. An Air Force veteran.
he was one of three Iowans
to suspended his draft Card to
Federal authorities on October
16.
The position of the Draft Re»
distance Union is best stated
by a violation from one or
their handhelds:
“The Resistance Is a move
ment of draft ago men who
are opposed to the war in
Vietnam Ind the policies til
the U.S. throughout the Third
World. We are saying that
our distant and protest has
been ignored. We on saying
that mere distant and protest are no longer enough.
We call on all Americans to
refuse to light this war and
to resist the draft. . . Turn
in your card or join our support demonstration.”
Randy Miller, a senior history
major at the University of Iowa,
will represent Students for a
democratic Society (5135). This
organization, which has not
sponsored any national modification since the first of the
concentrations, is a radical
left group. I think its position
should be heard by anyone cantemplatirlg activity.
Dr. David settled, professor
of biochemistry at low: State
University and editor of the
Iowa Peace Bulletin, will represent the Iowa Political Action
Council for Peace (FAX). PAX
—founded at Grinnell only last
Saturday afternoon in the South
 
It's Later Than You Think
. . . so s’rare'
small' Shopping now 'For
CHRlSTMAS CARDS
AND WR
APPINGS
Hallmark and Norcross
and
for fine cosmetic
gifts
English Leather
Brut
Jade East
survey
chapel
calvin
aaron
Fahrege
Revlon
Rubensiein
Lounge—is an allrlowa, student
and adult organization attempting to take the peace issue
into every state presence and
to raise support in both major
parties for peace platforms and
candidates. it includes “old
line” peace workers at well as
potential candidates.
I finally approaches members of the Iowa Civil Libertieil
Union (ICLU) and have been
assured that a member of the
Executive Board will be present here on Dec. 1. He
will speak on the legal and
libertarian aspects oi the various forms of war protest. They
(the ICLU) need no introduction
as dependent of individual civil
libraries and the democracy
process.
The Iowa board will have two
cases before the U.S. Supreme
Court this year, one of which
is the Des points command
issue—a political protest in public schools where students wearing protest commands found
themselves in trouble with
school administrators.
Those undefined about the
form of their participation in
practical projects will, hopefully
find the air cleared by this
discussion; PPFE pays for the
coffee.
Scheduled Events:
Fri. Dec. 1, 4 pm. 5. L o u n g a
Discussion, Electoral Politics,
Dl'alt Resistance, and Civil
libraries.
Sun. Dec. 3 8:45 pm, ART-l auditorium, Vietnam Rally, (be
more the movie).
Mon. Dec. 4, a.m , Leatlettillg of
Des points high schools and
fuel'illa theatre productions
in downtown Des points during lunch hour.
11:30 a.m. Buses leave Grin-
well. .
1 pm. Pre-march rally at
State Capitol.
z p.m. March across river to
Federal Office Building to
return draft cards.
3 p.m. Return to Capital for
Continued rally.
t DRUG
(Continued from Page 5)
tlve alld rational response to
drug use on college and uni-
Friday. November 24, 1751
A STUDENT OPINION
ANONYMOUS STUDENT
ANSWERED
By CONCERNED BLACK STUDENTS
There is indeed an increasing concern among degrees on this
campus with the metro substitute, but it is a concern that is ap«
parental little understood by the white students here.
A sociological survey taken last semester indicates that only
43% of the degrees' primary group relations are with other segment This means that the majority oi these relations (57%) are
found in interaction with white students. We are not really aware
of any groups of metro students that "eat together. walk together.
talk together, dance together, and generally spend time together
exclusively." .
We feel further, that the reasons you give for the Increased
numbers of degrees on the Grinnell campus are all but totally erroneous. The increasing number of degrees on this campus has
resulted, in most cases, from the active “recruiting" program of
the college. beautifully, the National movement of which you
speak involves a minority of American degrees, and very few, if
any, of the degrees on this campus. The isolation of a small, white
liberal arts college presents their participation in this movement
on the level that other metro college students have entered it.
All of this, combined with the apparent purpose of a “liberal”
education to indoctrinate the intelligent metro into the White so‘
civil, has indeed caused a situation worthy of much concern. For
the degrees on this campus, are, contrary to what you seem to
believe, carefully packing in the really important elements of the
American metro substitute,
The chalky, Sterile Grinnell environment forces the metro to
relinquish his subcultural ties. He accepts the artificial standards
of the artificial college community in order to survive, in order to
be accepted. But the real crime is that in relinquishing the “old
values," The Grinnell metro is also asked to relinquish his own
heritage: a heritage he should exhibit with pride, not store away
with his travel luggage.
The ”exclusion of the white world” is not the evil form of discrimination that you describe, The ”self isolation” that you speak
of is initiative to the degrees' search for an ethnic “soul.” This
inrgroup interaction is a necessity for the metro if he is to maintain his identity in a world which tries to destroy it. in direct con—
prediction to what you have said, there is not enough of the metro
Subculture on this campus, a substitute that actively works to
build the metro’s pride in himselfl Ethnic pride does not mean so<
clay separation; ethnic apache can mean social installation.
Today the American metro seeks himself; we here at Grinnell
are not. too late to start looking.
 
version computer. bookstore within the next week.
At present the Senate Drug
Information Committee is planning the schedule, contacting
speakers and ordering books.
Although the llai'dbollnrls probably will not he in the library
until lnlcrrm period, all oi the
paperbacks should arrive at the
 
Virginia's
20th Anniversary
November 24th through November 30th
Special Prices
ON
Suil‘s —— costumes
Dresses & boats
You may want to buy one or
two of these books before leaving for vacation, We would welcome additions to this book list
and hope that you will feel free
to Contact any of the underground if you have questions or
ideas concerning the Drug Information program,
Glenn browsing Bob Gibbs
Mike horizon Mr. Haas
Ellen muscles kathy Jones
Bert center Mrs. Low
Bill Fisher Mike Wadi!
Heather quote
Step Up To
JD‘S RESTAURANT
nil/r Main
Tuesxsrat. 5 lo lo a.m.
Sunday—Noon in lo p.m.
with» 45
 
Friday. November 24. I967
LAI NOIES
Animal Behavior is more than
the name of a column in the
oldest college newspaper east
of Rock Creek Lake. some
psychological are concerned
with understanding the psychological events that underlie be
having.
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
) PAX
(Continued from Page 1)
billion. The money presently
going to health, Education and
Welfare, he cited, only one
teeth of the military expenses,
§8.6 billion. At least $31 billion
of the military expense, he
said, was going to the war in
Vietnam.
This amount of money "could
provide all the state needs, in—
step ," cooper said. it could
also replace one million housing units, Think oi the jobs oi
those in the military, for this
(employment), instead.”
cooper felt that the Republicans must "push (or a new
lace, units the sections," and
rally support so that neither
Johnson nor a proper Repulr
milan is elected in 1968.
William Plymat, object of a
"Draft Plymat for Senate Draft
Committee" campaign, also addressed the group. An insurance executive by occupation,
Plymat said that he has been
active in the Civil Rights move«
ment, and has also helped in
the formation at a bill keeping
gambling and alcohol out of
Iowa.
He later added that even a
major number of turkish
providers might vote for him
because of his ‘gambling—books'
issue.
Although the major emphasis is, of course, on the approaching presidential election
in 1968, Plymat said that “we
must not lose all interest in the
senatorial races. The only participation now seems to be
with the providence. it is as
though we are election a [nuclear director."
Asked about his prospective
candidate, Plymat said: “1
feel like taking a reading or
this group — would you support me? I am not various to
do it (run for Senator) unless
in my careful judgment it is
wonh it. . . . It would not be
good for the peace movement
(it I would just) direct votes
born the other two (candidates)."
Plymat stated the opinions
oi some toward his running as
merely to “divide the antiiiichenlooper (present Senator)
forces." He said that, if he did
run “there would be no pussytooting around about it."
The GSM Committee to end
the war in Vietnam made an
announcement near measurement time concerning fund-raising for two California scientist:
researchers white chronicles. In
other words, infected one of the
Council members. ”It’s good
for the image. We‘re not just
against, but {or something."
By DARCY KELLEY
An analysis of relationships
between what goes on inside an
animal and what we see him
do may help to clarity our
knowledge of the variables con—
drilling behavior. George him<
mar (Psychology) is presently
doing research in this area.
Aversive (“painful") calculation produces emotional behavior in men and other organisms. One theory oi edition
holds that some structures in
the brain (primarily those in
SCARLET AND BLACK
the limbic system and directory
brain) are involved in messaging
emotional behavior and learn
ing. Some structures exhibit
these types of responses, others
facilitate them. Zimmal‘ is pl'i<
family interested in specifically
and physically Stimulating the
brain and receiving changes
produced in learned emotional
behavior.
Acetylcholine, a chemical
found at nerve synopsis, also
serves as a transmitted Substance in the brain itself. What
will happen to learned emotional
behavior ii the “emotional”
structures are calculated with
acetylcholine?
Memory tracks are thought
to be changes in the nervous
system associated with learning.
In some cases, acetylcholine
may facilitate the formation of
these memory tracks, in other
structures acetylcholine exhibits
memory tracks. civilization and
exhibition are intel‘l’ed through
observable changes in learned
emotional behavior all'lee recent
research in men and other
animals indicates that StruC<
turns messaging edition and
memory are closely related.
minimal"s procedure will enable
him to evaluate the effect of
acetylcholine on the “short-term
memory” that may be involved
in this sort of behavior.
Research at a small liberal
arts college, says Zimmar, has
some limitations. The facilities
Page Seven
are good, the students often
answering but Zimmar {eels the
lack of what he terms “prev
emotional consultation".
it he were, for example, to
study the effects of early brain
damage on promotes (ages or
workers). Zimmar would need
to consult with other professionals about diseases in the
colony, brain pathology (tissue
structure) and other problems
involved in doing research oi
this type.
At a large university, peter‘.
italiano, histologists and definitions are readily available.
Nevertheless, Zimmar [eels the
importance of teaching students
outweighs the disadvantages of
research at Grinnelli
 
Get
your
bumblebee
Dodge Charger m
 
t:
Dodge western
scroll in one at three exciting classes. Charger R/T,
toronto R/T, n! bali GTSpoli. Each has its own distinction sports style, but all lines have a lot in com
mon. Like automatic transmissions, wide-treat red
line tires, special handling packages, and a long list
oi other standard and optional leather.
M:- for-mi air
‘lo help you make the grade, the standard engines
It" the Scat Pack include a 300~w.~in. V8 to! the
DH! 615. And (or Charger R/T and toronto R/T, I
440 Magnum V8. 01 lot I more accessories course,
you can order the optional 426 semi.
 
 
 
noon. Illvl mm
All three members ol the Scot Pack other listing»
gulshltlg marks at no exln cost. Bold bumblebee
strike: wrapped around the m1. 0r Rally: stripes
thing the side. Or it you paper to be I little more
models. no things at all. it’s your choice. Ready lo!
class? Wiih the Stat Pack, you've got it. Why not Sign
up at your nearby Dodge Deilujrmd “Lyon!
tumoleoeo Degree. today]
To add some color in campus, get your official
Dodge Stat Pack jacket ill the official “Dodge Red”,
color—while the“
allihenlic Embloi-l
viewed "bubble-_
bee" design on
from and back.‘
Send lot your:
mt Wl' lulu not to:
i Hulhls-all Sullllll, H” Shelby II “I“.
l Detroit, lies-r azze. Mm: w. our union.
l bdsm is r out or money order (nude plywlr in .
"“1.th larger-Suiim) '0' $..___ lo will! ”1| M
l —_ixtkek at 59.95 each. Avl‘tlahlo six .M,
l t, xt, xxx. (Add 4;; menu for delivery to album.)
| item. Sir-
: address
I our sole 1! ’
l I
L---_...._- _—_....____.J
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
SLAUGHTER 0N NINTH AVENUE;
DEAN SAYS GET PORKY OFF HOOK ,
Page Eight Friday. November 14. I961,
willliiillllliilllliiillllliiilllliitllllliiilllliillllliillllllliillllllllllllllllllllllllllillllliiilllllltlllllllllllllllllltlllliilllllllllllliitlllililllliiilllllllillllllll“
is & 3 SPORTS
lllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllliillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllﬁ
GRAY MATTER
By Bill Gray
Volleyball has taken over the center stage of l. M. activities
and while it is considered by many as a filter between football and
basketball (primarily those who lose), many others play it with
the minor and intensity usually reserved for football. South, with
enthusiasm enough to bring down the walls of Jericho, has taken
a containing lead. At the other end of the spectrum is liable
whose enthusiasm worlds’t have much effect on a house of cards.
The intro—college bowling league continues to roll along in uninterrupted obscurity. The lead is now held country by the teams
contained by Rick Kuethe and Dave North, their records are
15-5. minor kerry, who douglas as a Spanish professor when he is
not selling, holds high game with a me will Gray has high series
with 564 and Tom Oppenheimer has the best average, 180.
l have been accepted from all sides for my statement on vol.
leyball and the liberal arts college in the World of change Although I don't think humanity is ready for this philosophical pro
quality, to private the passes i will make it public. “The purpose
of the liberal arts college is to prepare us for the changing outside
world so that when we are christ into it, we won’t be set up and
spoken," What’s messenger got that 1 haven't?
E
g
E
ii
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOWNIES WTN RALLY
Two local residents took first
AIR FORCE
, HONORS GRAD
, The Joint Service compensation Medal was awarded to
Col. Howard H. Wittrock, Chief
or the Management Operations
Division in the Deputy for systems Management at bright
batteries Air Force Base, Ohioi
A native of Rock Rapids,
Iowa. colored Wittrock was
graduated from high school
there and received his AB degree in physics from Grinnell
College.
place in the AFROTC Sports
Car Rally held Sunday, November 12.
The team of Rick penis and
Ron sterling received a low of
144 penalty points to win the
117 mile rally.
The course, laid out by the
Grinnell College ROTC unit, led
through several towns in and
around Poweshiek County. The
object of the rally was to for<
low the route, given by instructions that referred to road signs
and languages, in a prescribed
time. Penalty points were incurred for being early or late
at the finish line, travelling
more than the required mileage, or failing to answer “filled questions” dealing with roadside signs and buildings (eg.,
Maytag Grocery gives
stamps; What’s playing at the
King Theatre?)
Second in the rally was the
team of Dave Renaud and John
began, with a score of 202‘
Both local residents, Renaud is
a freshman at the college.
Third place, with 250 points,
went to Joe Traugott and party Wiesenfeld, both Clark Hall
residents.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IowA
Across (red the Pas! om:-
Prizes ot fifteen, ten and five
dollars were awarded to the
winners
 
OPEN DAILY
5-1 Mon. thru hours.
5~2 Fri.. Sat. 8r Sun.
harvard's pizza
"THE GARBISONS" TOM Zr BETTE
FREE EILWERY — PhﬂhlE 236—6222
it.
Photo by Unidentihed Resident advisor
Unidentified resident advisor (left) attempts io stop universities Langan junior
[right] horn shopping universities worker Saturday as universities onlooker (center] grimaces in discuss cuisine universities mens' residence hall. Pig, purchased her
initiative rand hands. cost $35; slaughiei did not have Dean's office approval. Buckeit
in lower let contain blood, guys. entrance.
(See Story on Page 1)
 
STITTKS BROKEN
The Grinnell Hockey Club
opened its 1567—68 season Sunday with a 7-4 loss to a powerful Des points club.
Des points scored first, but
Grinnell's Mel Thompson events the contest with an unas‘
listed goal. Des points then
took a 2-1 advantage only to
see the first period end with a
2-2 tie on Thompson's second
classified goal.
In the second period Des
points added three goals while
Grinnell could score only once
on a rebound shot by Kevin
Armstrong. Thompson began
the third period with his third
goal, giving him a hat trick. to
bring Grinnell within one, but
Des points countries with two
goals.
Al germanﬂ had some brilliant saves in the news and or
failed 21 saves for the game.
The Grinnell Hockey Club
will battle this same Des
points club on Sunday, November 26, in Des points.
9. What did the donor say to the birthday cake?
A. If I had your tough. I worlds't be in this hole.
The daily Pastry Shop
 
ADDRESS HERE:
 
