CARLET & BLA€K
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
once again, the oldest college newspaper west of the mississippi
 
WI. LXXV‘
Grinnsll. Iowa, Wednesday, November l, l967
No. l0
 
KING PREACHES AWAKENING
By SUE MILLER
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
delivered his Sunday person to
a capacity audience of almost
4,000 in party symposium.
Delayed by ﬂight trouble
en route from Chicago, King
arrived one hour past me
scheduled person time at
10:45.
King, ”a prophet in the twentieth century“ according to
Benjamin days, “is one who
does not seek popular causes,
but right ones."
”Few men in our time," the
‘President americas of More—-
house College stated, are “as
persuasive and as consistent
in pointing out the social industries and modern issues of our
day."
King authorized for his coming in on a “dash-in, daslwut
basis," but said he must face
ﬁve more days of jail (his 19th
jail sentence) as a result of his
action in the 1963 Birmingham
movement which brought about
the Civil Rights legislation of
1964.
Speaking or “Remaining aware Through 8. Revolution,"
King compared Rip Van links
le's predictions to our own.
His zoycar long map has partially observed a more important issue or the story~that or
sleeping through a revolution,
King said.
Rip Van single, who passed
a picture of King George III at
England when he climate the
mountain to sleep, King said,
came down to find that George
Washington’s picture was
there.
We are today who are finding
ourselves in a great period of social change, but who (all to de
below a new attitude and men.
tax outlook of the social order,
The challenge today, he stated,
is to develop and maintain a
world perspective; any indiana
url .. or nation — today that
feels. he can live alone is sleeping through a revolution.
“Although: we have made of
the world a neighborhood. we
have not yet developed the ethical wmmitrnent to make it n
brotherhood."
All banking is caught up In
the “inescapable network of
mortality." King said, “and
whatever aspects one directly,
affects all indirectly."
“Each of us lives in two
worlds, the Within and the Without, by which we live, given our religious and spiritual
‘within.’ We must," K i n g
concluded, “never let the means
{or which we live renaissance
the ends for which we live,”
We “must struggle passion
italy and umelentingly to get
rid at every aspect oi racial
insurance," King continued, or
we Will bring “the current of
doom down on civilization."
The second myth competing
KING—
(Conllno/ad on Page 2)
 
photo by Dick Treulnalm
"I never legend to adams! myself to militancy or the selfIacemiing effects of violence , . . I constantly raise my
voice against roots. But after concerning roots it is
necessary to concern iusr as obviously the conditions
print roots form under . . . "
October 29. 1967
—Martin Luther King, Jr.
iilliiiiliiiiilliiiiiliiiillliiilllliiiIIliiiiilliiiilliiilllliiiilliiiiilliiiiilililllliiilllliiIIliiilliiiiliiiilliiiiilliiiillliiiililiiillliilllliiilllliiiilliiiiilliiiillliillllil
HONORARY DEGREES
FOR TWENTY-ONE
Several irregularities in the
traditionally serious ceremony
changed the tone or the Sunday
afternoon termination of Grinhell's Super - Weekend with an
Academic corporation for the
learning of contrary Degrees
in party'Gym.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr,
was given his contrary Doc-
. donate of humans Letters first
(out of alphabetical order) be
cause he had a pressing engagement in Atlanta. Marshall
McLuhan Was concerned his
contrary Doctor of Letters in
absentia because of illness.
Movie cameras ostentaciously
began shipping as Ashley Mon—
tags received his contrary
Doctor of Science. Robert
Rouschenberg was wearing a
faculty pink tie and Calvin
Plimpton had to duck so that
processors vendors and turkey could place his hood on
him.
in his introductory remarks,
pic MacDowell, President of
SGA. commented that the convocationees had hundred Grinnell College by being here so
we honor them, The twentyone recipients oi contrary Degrees new are the “Doctors of
the Class oi 1967, principal college.”
The corporation address was
CONVO—
(continued on Page 2)
lillliiillliiilliiiliiiiiillliiilliiiiIIliiiillliiiiliiiiillliiiilliiiillliiillliillllii
MONTAGU CALLS FOR
JOHNSON'S IMPEACHMENT
Alter running the Vietnam
War “the most removal and il<
legal conflict in the history of
America," Princeton, New Jersey anthropologist Ashley Mona
tags informed a capacity
crowd in ARI-l auditorium Sunday that President Johnson
“ought to be impressed.“
“1968 is the both anniversary
or the improvement of the first
president Johnson," contact
told an estimated 550 students,
visitors, and faculty members
at Sunday’s Vietnam Rally.
“And i suggest to you that it
would be a good idea to proceed with the publishing 0i
grounds for the improvement
of the second President JohnSon.”
contact outlined eleven
points as grounds for the improvement of Johnson:
1. “Violation of U. N. Charter, which says that one can
legitimately only use force
against armed attack."
2. “Violation of OAS Treaty
which says that states cannon
interface in the affairs of other
peoples without consultation."
3. "The assumption by the
executive oi unprecedented
powers for determining policy.
. . Johnson is rating a war
without a declaration of war.”
4, “operating the Geneva
Conventions In the use of napalm, the treatment ot prison<
cds, area booking. . ., the
heating of winners to 1000 degrees to kill diet long.
5. “The operating oi the
value Conventions of 1399 and
1907 which specify the rules or
war."
6. ”The breaking Oi the Ge«
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speaking over a copy of the Vietnam committee's religion (hoped to his rosinnni, anthropologist Ashley
continue presents grounds for its improvement of
london Johnson to .n estimated five hundred in ARH
auditorium.
Photo oy Dick Treurntnn
nova Agreements 0! 1954 and
1962."
7. “The complete disregard
of the principles and destinations of the bloomberg Trial.
which stated that the greatest
crime against banking was the
rating oi an illegal war."
8. “The booking of Cambodia
and Laos."
9. “Presence of our troops in
Bolivia."
m “The use of power promiscuously."
ll. "conversation in a post.
tion or trust."
contact concluded his shot!
address pointing to “the harm
this one man has done."
contact also gave a lecture
in party gym Saturday on
“Race, Science, and Humanity." “Until we can degrees the
brings we've done in educa.
tion and sociological problems," contact informed, “we
won't serve the race problem,
the human problem."
Also a keyword speaker at
the rally, sponsored by the
Grinuell Student Movement
and its Vietnam Committee,
was Yale drama professor and
crisis Richard Gllman.
“You are a generation with
a social Consciousness, and that
is rare.” Gilman told the
crowd. “I hope you don’t lose
it.”
contact and Gilmnn were introduced by Chairman of the
Faculty Joseph Wall. SGA
President pic MacDowell also
addressed the rally.
Professor Ezra Mendelsohn
(history) told the rally crowd
that the peace rally was “like
it football rally."
“My friends already agree
with me, and my enemies won’t
be personnel here," be ‘con.
. eluded.
The Sunday- afternoon meet-‘
ing was provided over by Vietnam Committee’s Ron Miller.
Over five hundred students
signed the GSM’s anti-war position, according to Miller.
contact, Gilmali, and about
40 faculty members signed,
stating that the war was "rm.
moral in its topless destruction
oi human lives. . ."
The last signature on the petition, a GSM representative
told the rally, “is Martin Luther King Jr."
The rally was origin-any
scheduled to be held on career
Plaza 12:30 - 1:30 Sunday. In<
element weather and the late
arrival of Dr. King forced the
GSM to move it to ARE following the special chapel service in party Gym.
 
SCARLET 8 BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
‘20] Park Street crime" Cell-qt
Grinnell. lead Will
EDITOR
MANAGING iron
,HUSXNESS MANAGER
clncuumolv MANAGER
sure WRITERS
sorry AntonNeil kitchen
.. . Stephen w-rss
pulse bloom
martha jersey, Gordon challenges.
Edwards, Anne rubber, newbie onniry,
rock Gochenouer, Andy isms, david knunnun.
Adrienne Lemntont, holly acquire. Sue Miller, Paul Nnehlxiiin,
.rail scheduled. atmﬂ johnson, Anne nylon
PHOTOGRAPHERS u
.n plain Bernhlrdt, non Hacker,
nick mumnnn
A POP IN THE CORN
We enjoyed corporation. We didn’t enjoy the lines, the score
of the football game. the early ending of a rather unavailable
Dance, or having Saga workers and require people miss many
events.
But for most people, most 01 the time, there was something
to learn, to abuse. to move.
corporation blocked Grinnell off its usual synthetic strike. ‘
Students reached to the change. The Peace‘valid was an exciting
successr Offrcampus parties ﬂfinished. We lived a different life
. . r for three days.
in a week or so, corporation will just be a memory: I heard
this one, talked to that one, got drunk with the other.
It was it cumshot thing. A big pop in the corn.
We’d better get back to the books . . .
A STUDENT OPINION
ENLIGHTENMENT FROM OONVO
By HERBERT U. PEGUES
one victorian has said, “it is
historical fact as well as biological theory that the past—of
ten the distant past—lives on in
the present."
This responding idea hung
over the heads of hundreds this
past weekend. Some ignored it;
to others it was a shopping reality, and still others, a true
awareness
The historical links were put
before you so planned. i need
not repeat the players of the
metro and countries industries
toward him for some 348 years.
These in a mitchell are facts
that have fred the forms of
racial upload in America to
hay.
This is why the metro thinks
the way he thinks, this is why
he lives the way he does, and
this is why he results the way
he does. Hopefully you know
all Americans, both black and
white, suffer the consequences
oi past and present "America
the free."
Admittedly. there are some
receiving factors. We can 0v»
become the grid historical recorders, or at least lesson
their security, by reevaluating
our value system. Salvation
lies in your own mind. Wisdom
is a wonderful thing.
out in all your getting, you
must get understanding. All of
you really needed those racial.
1y oriented topics or the corporation, if just for peace of
mind. The intellectual Grinnell,
with the rest of America, cannon rise above itself without understanding, the God — given
rights of all humanity. All men
are equal, as human beings,
under the sun.
Illllllllllllllllilllllliillllllillllllllllllilllllllllliillllllliilllillllliliiliiilliililllliiilliiiiilllllliliillillliiiillliiillllllllllllllliillilllliillilliilllllllllilliliiiiil
) KING
(Continued from Page i)
social progress is that legislation cannon change people's
models; you have to change
the heart. “The law cannon restrict the awareness, but it can
prevent them from teaching
me,” the Baptist minister music.
The last myth assumed by
the speakers, is that the metro
can lift himself by his bootstraps. Like the other imml~
ant groups coming tn the
.S., the metro should be able
10 help himself.
“No other group has had
their color made a social stigma. It is a creek last to tell a
brothers man to lift himself up
by his bootstraps."
gifts, King cited, are neither the most practical nor the
most moral way But concerned
the conditions oi today that have
The next issue of the 5&5
will appear November 11;
brought roots into being
People today seem more concerned with “quietude, and
the status que, than to help immediate them"
The immorality oi the VietNam war, and the possibility
of its leading to a third World
War constitutes King‘s next
comment.
in qualifying his link between
the civil rights and the antique movements, King said that
it is silly to be concerned about
integrated schools, and not be
concerned about the survival
01 the world to be integration
“These people are maladjusted in society, but there are certain aspects of society that
should always merit maladjustmeni.
Jesus christ was maladjusted when he stated that “he who
lives by the sword shall parish
by the sword," King concluded.
For people who act, and do
not sleep during a social revolution, should be created the
'national Association for the
Advancement of Creative Muladjustment: ,
‘ SCARLET AND BLACK
hills|Iilill|liiiillliillllllilllllillilllilllliilllllliillllllillillilllllliilil
LETTERS TO
THE EDITOR s
iiiiiliiiiillllllllllilllllliiiillliilillilllllllllillliilllllilllllilllllliiillliiﬁ
minimum
no the editors’
I would like to comment
briefly on Mr. Marquardt's and
Mr. nice‘s column in the Oct.
27 5&3. They refer to the seven
required courses envisioned in
the Curriculum Report as “lecture courses.”
Even a nasty reading of the
report indicates, in my opinion,
that most required courses
would be taught in small sections, The proposed Humanities
course, for example, would
continue the work of the present one, which is now taught
in sections operating 18 students. Emphasis in this course
is on literary analysis in depth
through the frequent writing of
papers which are thoroughly
customized by the instructor,
and through conferences. (1
can testing that l have had students in that course who approaches literature in greater
depth than did some seniors
and seniors; hence I would
never call the course value
and impersonal.)
Likewise the language courses envisioned in the report (as
those now taught) would be offered in small sections; and
the Social Studies and Humanities In (Fine Arts) course!
would also involve work done
in sections.
1 am not here depending the
specific proposals of the report; but I thought it might be
useful to have someone not
connected with the committee
point out what seems to be a
virtual inaccuracy in the column of Mr. Marquardt and Mr.
nice.
Andrew P. medical
Spanish
n r it
To The Editor:
circulation on our campus is
n criminal element which proposed to celebrate the fiftieth
anniversary of the Bulshevik
Revolution which will occur on
November 7th. in notification
or this event, may 1 recommend a liable alternative
to those of us here at Grinnell
who do not find wearing red
stars, brandishing posters of
begin and Trotsky, and drinking vodka, to their political
taste.
it is erotic that November 7th just happens to be the
day before November 8th. No«
member Hill of this year—international enough — commented
ages the fortyrfourth anniversary of the Munich Beer Hall
Pulsch which was the first miller attempt by the thenstmggling National Socialist German \workers’ Party to attack
political providence.
cordless to say, the whole affair was a spam, but the fact
that this became a red letter
day in Nazi Germany replace
with the old-line guard participants oi the event matching
down towards the spring of
those who lists fallen in 1923.
leads me to believe that some
here at Grimtell might find this
the perfect hypothesis to the
Russian Revolution!
Any number 01 those interested may participate. All that
will be needed to communicate this florists trackback of
Wednesday November l, mu
ANIMAL BEHAVIOUR
By Neil pitch!
contributions administrators and functionality are constantly
doing their duties here at Grinneil.
They protect college property from minute and abuse
They keep the college running . . . like water , . . m‘ It ,
machine
Their public relations techniques for improving the Grinnell
image are wireless and without measure.
holiday I’d like to swing a column in their cruises. But this
week they ought to be cut down.
Somewhere in the first of their concern for college property and their concern for Grinnell P.R.. they have lost nil
concern for the general welfare of the students who live here.
conviction offered a case or two in point:
Now it's nice to feed all the trustees on time. and it's nice to
make a good impression on the alumni.
But it‘s even niger to reed Saga workers, and It the Quad
that simply didn’t happen during Super Weekend.
"By the time we had time to eat." one Quad writer told me,
"all that was left were a few state Danish salaries, I had to miss
three meals straight so I could help lat clubs feed their faces.”
One hell of a lot of Saga workers and mardi require par.
farmers were finished into weekend work and rehearsal scheduled
proceeding any benefit from corporation.
“Martin Luther King got to see more of Grinneli corporation
than i did," a student require singer stated, “and he was only
here a few hours,"
Said another Quad worker. “Some girls worked breakfast all
morning. were given a whole half-hour for I break, and then had
to work lunch for two hours"
Lack of administrative concern for student welfare, moreover, inn’t just an accident or one busy weekend.
About two weeks ago, Cleveland freshman Louise click had
the misfortune to trip and cut the side of her head open in the
Forum music room.
Witnesses said they thought she was about to go into shock,
In they made her lie down on the floor.
And we all know what happens when you lie down on the
floor in the Forum.
Immediately the forces of concern (for college property, that
in) survey into action
The "Forum Lady" -— that is to say. the lady who work:
the desk and makes people keep their shoes on and sit up straight
(the neither has the same corporation as "Avon Lady" or “pulled
Brush Man”) — instantly arrived to console Louise.
quote the “Forum Lady," according to one witness:
“I’m sorry you cut your head open, but could you please
try not to blend on my carpet?”
Quoih Louise: “I really wash’t thinking about where I was
bleeding at the time.” ’
I understand that college telephone operators are just it little
easier these days than they were at the beginning of November
last year.
They are busy because they are still looking up telephone
numbers for students.
They are still looking up telephone numbers for students
because the Herd Books haven’t been printed yet.
”Why haven’t the Herd Books been 11th yet?” you
ask. “Why area‘t the new 1937-68 analogues out yet?”
Well, yoii know. I’d ask Mrsr Prescott over in Public Relations about that, but I’m afraid she‘s still a little tired from
jumping out corporation schedules, corporation programs. Com
location bookings, and corporation news releases.
But now that Super Weekend is tagged, maybe she can work
I little on something to help students here —like a catalogue or I
here book.
Now that the sluts are gone, maybe Sage will have time
to feed Saga workers too.
Now that the college is a college again and not just I
corporation cluster, maybe it can begin looking out for its
college students.
Anyway, if you center your skill in the Forum try to keep
your blood off the carpet, will you? Because they’ll probably
raise my tuition to pay 3er for cleaning it up.
Iiillllillllllllllllllilllllllillilliliilllllililllilllillillillllllllllllllllilillllilllllliilllllilllllllllllllilllllllillllllilllllliillillllliiilllliililllliiitlliiliiiliiiilllilii
1923 are a brown shirt and u , CONVO
case or beer (which costs just
(Continued from Page i)
about as much as a fifth of
given by George Champion,
vodka).
To make the evening more
entertaining, why don’t the
brown — joined celebrants of
the Beer Hall Putsch mount
machine guns on the streets of
Grinneil a day early and now
down the November 7th, bus.
sign Revolution participants?
in the end, both sides will realize each other’s destruction;‘
and Grinneil College can once
more bed down for another
winter of apache find non—involvement.
George Undo-in Rockheod
Chairman of the Board, Chase
Manhattan Bank and recipient
of an contrary Degree of Doctor of Laws, Dr. Champion's
address was entitled Our 0boolean Welfare State and explorer the gross inefficiencies
of the 11.5. Governments present welfare program and the
War on Poverty and protected
a substitute, an “incentive web
fare” program.
 
Wodnnd-y. november I, ”61' iCAIILIT AND ILACK aug. TIMI
whom by Alan Bernhard:
HARPER‘S EDITOR WILLIE MORRIST
"No one here needs Io E. reminder me
due problem I; “I .0 much mothers
as nations|."
.THE NEW SOUTH (at Ex Loco karenﬁsL
PANELS, PERFORMERS, PEACE.PICTURE CONVOCATION
.,rPhoto by AIM‘I Earnhardt
A LISTENER " on would m Ih- expansion on MI face—'Oh. I'Y. got
Io line Io shirt"
VERDI REQUIEM IN ROBERTS THEATRE
r?
 
 
 
Phnm by nav. forum
COLUMBIA s O c I O LOGIST DANIEL BELL.
"The gu+<fee|Ing is only an
.bmw marilyn.”'
Photo by Dave norway
MRS. WALTER WASHINGTON (Women's Job
Corps head. and wife of
mm by mm mm."
ACTOR ROBERT INGHAM: " 'Am
I mu I :1just EM God'x nails,
do you Hm I am m base Io full
You} ..
THOMAS DEKKER'S
SHOEMAKERS' HOLIDAY
 
new by Nm menu
HIGHER EDUCATION
AND SOCIAL CHANGE
 
the commissioner-mayor OI
washington, Dc,“
"drums mm; c 0 xi I y
among HI 3 s . beautiful
minutes‘s."
URBAN CULTURE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AND THE NEGRO
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
whom by Alan Earnhardt
"HE”n GrinneII»
pm I
McLUHAN (rights: ”Television I: m a visual medium,
II is machine. I know IImI mm sound can . . . "
HAYAKAWA Icemm "If television I, taxﬁle, chapel
No‘ 5 me I” audIIoryI”
McLUHAN (who men "v“. II I. . .
MAss MEDIA:
LIBERATING OR PERVERTING
UNIVERSITY OF IOWA PHYSICIST JAMES
VAN ALLEN: “We must approve DI science a:
a natural and proper achIIy of III. human
race. or be designed Io III. jackson of chiIIImIon."
EDUCATION FOR A SCIENTIFIC AND
TECHNOLOGICAL WORLD
mm by Don oem,»
VIETNAM COMMITTEE'S RON
MILLER: "TR. flexibility gap i.
more . vacuum as mm."
. ARH‘PEACE RALLY
[Io . crowd of .me nu hundreds
 
Fog! Four
lllllllllllllll||all||llinIll1still|llll|||Wl||WillllilllllllllllllllllllllllilllilllI|llll|||WlllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllUllllliHllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllﬂ
S & B SPORTS g
iIllllli||I“l|l||llll|lllllillllmlllllllllllllllill|lHilllllllillllllllllllllllllHHilllllllllllllllllllllllllll|||lllll|lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHillllllllilllilllllll?
FOOTBALLERS FOILED
By JEFF SCHECKTER
Grinnell lost its fifth football
game at the season during
Homecoming Weekend. A
capacity crowd withstood the
cold winds to watch the Pioneers forge ahead 15-14, only to
lose it all in the fourth quarter,
29-l5.
Once again, the game illustrated how the lack of depth
has hurt the team. wiki only
35 men, Coach powers is forced
to play men both ways. Despite
the fine physical condition of
the team, it is impossible for
them to play at their peak the
entire game. This results in the
collapse of the defense in the
last quarter and is the direct
cause of at least three Pioneer
losses.
Grinnell opened the scoring
in the first period when Doug
link passed to Mike Schwartz
for a 60 yard scoring play.
from Russell picked the points
after~touchdown and Grinnell
led, 7-D.
plymouth tied the score late
in the quarter with Tony Porter carrying the ball in from
the six to cap a courtesy play
drive. Larry mother picked the
extra point. plymouth scored
again in the second quarter,
sending Chuck movie over from
the two. mother's kick was
good and plymouth led, 141
Grinnell ended the first half
scoring with Brian Barnes running the ball into the end zone
and Pink passing to Schwartz
to put Grinnell ahead, 15-14.
An exciting maritime program
was presented under the direction of Miss Mary Jones of
the Alumni OfiiCe, After the
nomination of Cindy Root as
Homecoming Queen, Miss Jones
led the parents in physical ex~
 
 
cruises requesting the rising of
parents living east of the mississippi; parents living west oi
the Mississippi; parents living
in Minnesota who hadn't heard
of the Mississippi; parents who
had students at Grinnell; and
students at Grinnell who were
parents, The only thing mass«
ing at the show was a prize for
the oldest parent west of the
Mississippi,
Fortunately, the teams re«
turned and put an end to all
such activities The score remained 15~14 throughout the
third quarter and things looked
good {or the Pioneers. This feel<
ing quickly disappeared in the
fourth quarter as Porter scored
from the two, giving plymouth
the lead, 20-15.
Four plays later, Doug link
was dropped in his own end
zone for a safety, making the
score 2214. The final score of
the game came on a John
Schroeder run and a mother
FA]: The game ended with the
score, plymouth 29, Grinnell
15.
(It is interesting to note that
while the officials are Very well
jersey in the football notebook,
it is obviously not this years
At least three times in the second half, the coach of the scott
could be seen on the playing
field. This is a 15 yard penalty
and yet it was completely ignored by the officials. The
stripes gods also chose to over
look the rule that only eligible
receivers an the offensive team
are permitted downloads before
a ball is posted. Had these attractions been observed by the
otllmals and the proper panama
ties administered, there is no
doubt that it would have been
a different ball game.)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
intro by nick Trcnmnnn
SCARLET AND BLACK
Wolnuday Nov inbu-
Photo by Dick rrernnnn
Pioneer players spent’ n pleniiiul portion of the perierrnanes passing, pushing and
running the pigskin, but primarily pursuant ii.
illlllllllllllllmlillllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllilllllllllllllillllllllllllilllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllillllllIIlllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllilllllilllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllillllllll
SHOEMAKERS' HOLIDAY REVIEW
By JOHN WILES
In the dialogue to Thomas
seeker's comedy The Shoemakers’ holiday, a spokesman
for the cast entreats the audience for “one precious smile,‘
hoping to state off the possible
“better stores of your disease."
in response to the cast and
crew who recently stated The
Shoemakers’ Holiday for Grinnell corporation addresses, one
must certainly “send . 4 _.
life," and not “sentence . . . to
death” this production or the
timeweathcred play.
The cast. and Director porter Woods, seemed to have
taken as their orientation Dek—
her's own prepare, in which he
describes his work as “a merryconceited comedy,” for which
"nothing is purposes but
birth." The play was indeed
performed very broader, as a
production which finds its primary reinforcement in the
daughter of its audience.
Max Helfgott was housing as
a harmlessly self- appreciation
shoemaker, although he seemed
less than accurate in purchasing Simon Eyre only as a gambling until. Heltgott consistently played that part of Eyre
to which his own remark
“Prince am 1 none" applies,
but apparently chose to ignore
the latter half of Eyre's famous
insertion — ”yet am lprinccly
born" — as being the hint it is
to more specified and containing facets of simon Eyre's
character.
bobby Pannwitt, on the other
hand, pubmed far too much
intelligence into a part which
calls more simply for a dense,
ranging, scattermraincd old
template. Much of Dame surgery's colorado bluntness seemed underdeveloped; screw is
she none, yet could she more
shrewishly have been force,
Ken picks made a line, dash-
picks seemed to brandon any
link between the two roles.
Without doubt, picks is capable
of superb comic optics, but it
must be remembered that
Lacy's motivation for disclose
is merely temporary concealment, not to try his hand at
playing the giddiest fool in non
don '
Dennis Wilson and Robert ingham made an unbalanced team
as Eyre’s employees, lodge and
kirk. Wilson was uneasy with
the Elizabethan language of his
part, and needed some effectiveness in order to have projected a stronger. more polished
performance.
lngharn, alan, was to be
found at the other extreme of
likely effectiveness. A polished,
superior c o mic performance
was given, but much too much
liberty was taken with the role
of Kirk.
kirk is a character who is
funny primarily because he
himself does not realize that he
is; it is not a sophisticated, allknowing wit who addresses
Lacy as “corn-infant” instead
of “colored.” While lngham's
perfnmance was entertaining,
it was too simple and self-com
scious to have been the character Dekket‘ created.
write Schwaller, as Lincoln,
and red newton, as wiley, made
for a pair of housing old duties,
whose destinations to prevent
the marriage of Rose and Lacy
were funny and in no way really
Villalllous. Had both actors tones
down their stereotyped and off
ten accident characterizations,
no doubt they would have
easily stolen the entire show.
Art angeles did well with the
part of l-common, playing him
more as an indiscriminate salt~
ADDiniS Hr. E.
or with an uncontrollable libido
than as a true manage who
might have seriously source the
operated lightning of his scenes
with Rose and Jane
Both Rose and Jane were quite
well played. picks savings compressed an occasional reputation
to satirically everyday Rose's
awareness, and kept her from,
becoming delicious as an overbearing packaging stereotype.
Stephanie Lewis gave a fine
performance as Jane, especially
in her first scene as the whimpering, accordingly weeks bride
whose husband is about to b!
granted.
Bill taylor was ill at ease
as safe, a role which offers
very little comic potential. and
which must be played as a sun
posting romantic hero. sayloiprojected little dramatically,
and failed to complement Miss
Lewis' romantic decision 8:
Jane.
newbie Abbott packard the part
of Sybil, Rose‘s said, with good '
buddy happiness, and despite a
lack of continuing earthiness,
was essentially capable in thin
supporting role.
fatty Loeb was delightful us
the near-omnipresent Boy, who
was smoothly almost non-played,
was smoothly almost displayed,
sorry Nelson was perhaps
the most lamentably poor in his
characterization of the King.
Nelson proved woefully weak
in the role which supplies the
play with what is needed for a
successful comic conclusion: a
strong, authorization f i g u r e
whose presence Will ensure that
every loose strand of the play’s
gambling plot be drawn together finally in a harmonious
happy ending.
Cindy Rooi, H767 Homecoming Queen, is created by
ing Lacy when undisguised, but
last“ year's monarch, Ruthi. Starnberq.
as Hans, the discussed Lacy.
 
