SCARLET & BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
 
in. Lxxv
Grinnoli, Iowa. Friday, October 5, I967
 
M. P. IAGKSON
0N MID EAST
By GERALD SWANSON
“The world is constantly on
a precision and the Middle
Eastern crisis could push it over
the edge."
The importance or this problem to the countries directly
involved and to the world situation in general were the to
cal points of Hon. Colin Jackson’s lecture Tuesday evening
in the south lounge.
The Hon. Mr. Jackson, a
Labour Representative in Brltaiii's House of Commons and
Chairman of the debian society‘s International Bureau, used
not only his knowledge as a
specialist in foreign affairs but
also that. of a frequent visitor
to the Middle East in his
analysis or the problem.
His suggested solution to the
problem is that the brass and
the Jews associate under U.N.
auspices, with a realistic ap<
arrival of what each side has
to gain or lose in continuing
conflict,
"These negotiations must lead
to a part which guarantees
Israel access to the Suez Canal
and the Gulf of Aquaba, returns conducted lands to the
brass, and places the Holy City
under U.N. control,"
Mr. Jackson's visit to Grinnell was sponsored by the International Studies Program
and the Departments of bolivia
cal Science and History.
CONVOCATION:
MORE PLANS
Students who Wish to become
Involved in corporation, both
In the corporations and in meetIng the guests, will have an
opportunity to do so. Fred C.
less, director oi public relations, told the 5&3 that students
have generally not been made
aware of how they may participate,
Four guests have elected to
accept student hospitality In the
residence calls. They are Harold
bloomberg, Leonard Meyer, Richard gilbert, and Raymond
care. There will be discussion
groups in the calls, effectively
Set for 11:00 p.rn., Friday and
Saturday, and at some or the
meals.
Students will be permitted to
ask questions or the guests our<
ing panel discussions, at the
discretion of the several moderators, Guests who wish to may
line lntormally with students.
Most guests will be staying at
faculty homes, and processors
may arrange informal discussions with interested students.
president suggest has specsﬁcalls asked them to do this
when possible.
Students will also pick guests
up at the airport and act as
campus guides.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
photo by keith keyword
The Hon. Colin Jackson. British M.P.
Iiillllllillillilllilliillilliiililllllillilllilllllllllilllllillllllllllllilllllillllllilllllillllllllllllillillillllllillllllilllllllllllllillilliiiiiillillilllillllllililllillillil
HETTLINGEII ON
SEXUAL
By ADRIENNE LEMMONS
Does love make it right? Dr.
Richard F. Hettllnger, author
of Living with Sex: The Stuv
sent’s Dilemma, addressed himself to this question in an hourlong lectlure which high-lighter
his visit to Grinnell last weekend.
Hettlinger made some twelve
hours of experiences, including
an informal discussion at Ex
Loco parental Saturday night,
a person in service Chapel
Sunday morning, a meeting
with student government officials and other interested students that afternoon, and a discussion in the South Lounge following his talk In ARI-i Auditorium.
In his lecture, Hettlinger took
iihe position that love sometimes does make it right, and
offered some guidelines {or determining when this is the case.
Sex is often engaged in for
surely spanish reasons by people who are invisible of true
infection, Love, which forms a
more appropriate context for
sex, implies a recognition of
the other person involved as a
personality and not merely as
a “convenient physical body",
Concern for the other person
involved will lead us to com
older some of the modifications
of the sexual relationship, which
extend far beyond the phase
cal act.
With today's trend toward
postgraduate study, promotional interactive is sometimes the
only adequate expression of love
VALUES
between couples whose marriage, for economic reasons,
must be delayed, In cases like
this, avoiding interactive occasionally causes the couple to
become preoccupied with each
other as objects of unsatisiled
physical desire; in this manner
sexual attraction can observe
other aspects of the possibilities involved.
On the other hand, difficulties ot various kinds can arise
team premarital corpus.
The effect oi interactive on
the relationship between the
HETI‘LINGER—
(Continued on Page 4)
LOW 0N OPENS
By Don nathan
The issue in favor this year
seems to be open forms, and
that is a situation that Alice
Low, Dean of Women, very
much degrees.
Her position, which she
makes very clear, is that open
forms, as an issue, is only one
of the aspects of on-campus
“living and total social interaction.H
Because of her belief that
open forms is only part of the
total issue, Dean Low l5 resident about discussing only that
issue. Her personal stand which, as she points out, is the
official stand of the administration or Grinnell — Is against
LOW—_(continued on Page 5)
SENATE
FIIGEITAUB RESIGNS
AS CoIHP PRESIDENT
RAWSON PROPOSAL PASSES
By BARRY ANCONA
Bill Fligeitaub designed as
President of the Council of
House treatments Wednesday.
In a speech to the Senate, Fligeltaub cited “treasures for total
reflect of the . i . rules” on
north campus, and said that he
considered “an indicating rule a
poor excuse for stunning one's
duty to poverty and responsibility."
(Tex't ot Fligeltaub's speech
Dn page 7)
The RaWsDn Hall Proposal
for open forms and a human
values class passed in the Senate when Speaker Phil Bartenthai broke the twentystwenty
deadline.
Before debate was opened on
the Proposal, Bertenthal explained that the Senate could
take several courses: the bill
could be rejected entirely; it
could be passed as a resolution; it could be sent to the
AWS Board and C of HP to
indicate the chain or thirty day
consideration periods that lead
through the faculty and the
president to the trustees; it
could be sent to faculty committees. or course, it the pro-
local were sent to faculty committees, it would be broken upil
opens going to the Student Life
committee and the course gm
ing to the Academic Life committee.
The proposal was related for
thirty minutes before the vote.
David Swee (West) called the
proposal “minute and documented” and said that opens war
“not a primary issue” at this
time. Roger counter (Smith)
said the proposal contained too
much, that the course should
be eliminated, and that ho
coupon’t see "forming professor:
with distinguished academic
records" to teach it. march
Kelly (Main) noted that “the
means say we want freedom
without guidance." The course
is the guidance needed, and
she felt that we should “make
the poor processors debian
themselves by talking about people instead oi historic”
Ray Horn, author oi the sun
local, answered questions and
related the characters oi the
bill. The most interesting question came from service TePaske
(East) who asked “Do you expect suggest to pass this?"
com said no.
 
O'FAOLAIN PHI BETE
VISITING SCHOLAR
Sean O’explain, Irish author
and crisis, will spend two days
next week at Grinnell College
as a Phi Beta happy visiting
scholar.
“while and Literature" will
be the subject of a public
lecture by O'certain on Thursday (Oct, 12) at 7:30 pm. in
service Chapel on the occasion
or the annual {all announcement of senior students newly
elected to membership in Phi
Beta happy by the Grinnell
chapter or the national contrary
scholastic society.
Other participants in the chapel program will be Arnold
Adelberg of the mathematics
faculty. president of the Grinnell Phi Beta happy chapter,
and the chapter secretary,
James D. message oi the English iacuhy, College organize
albert horse Smith will pro»
side mu
The v ng scholar will arrive Wednesday evening and remain through Thursday and url<
day, relating his time to experiences in various classes
and informal discussions with
small groups oi students and
faculty members.
One oi the best known interpreters oi irish like, O'Faolaln
is the author of a wide range
or written works—biographies,
fisheries, fiction, a play, smith
cal essays. did translations.
The Irish Revolution, in which
he took an active part, is re‘
elected in much or his world!
and his books on modern Ireland and its people are trained
as realistic and sympathetic.
He is perhaps recognized
most for his short stories and
for the novel A Nest or simple
Folk. His most recent books
are an autobiography, live Moi,
and two collections of short
stories, The Heat of the Sun
and l remember, I women-then
 
 
SCARLET 8 BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
1202 Perk Street Grinnell College
Grinnell, Iowa son:
A weekly newspaper published each friday of
the college year by the GlilIItL-ll coinnnttec on sniusni riioiiciiiions, represented on national advertising by Nailollni Educational Advertising services.
too chlllgtoll Ave, New York, New York lﬂol’lt
second first postage paid it Grinnell, lows. sutr
script. ate 55.00 per school year. who paid
subscriptions.
OPS
Member of the
Collegiate
Press Scrvlco
normal:
MANAGING enrrok
nusmrss MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
srnrr workers
Barry Anconn
. Neil riscnci
Stephen worst
. bruce strong
Marine Berkcy, gordon christopher,
Snsrn Edwards, Anne starter, newbie Gcniry,
Jack cochenouer, Andy rsurcs, david lrrurinnn,
Adrienne commons, holly acquire. site Miller, Paul Nncninnn,
Jo" Sci-cover, Gerald swunsnn, Ann rrirel, Anne taylor.
PHOTOGRAPHERS .c Alan semi-rat, Don nuclear,
keith suites. meet rreuinoiui
Editorials . . .
MORE OPENS TALK
Discussion oi open forms reached a new level of abstracts
this week with the adoption of the watson Proposal by the Senate.
Passage of the proposal demonstrated that President suggest’s
speech two weeks ago missed the ears of those people to whom
it was officially directed.
The president has made it clear that extensions of open forms
will come, at the earliest, after many other major changes are
made in the structure of student living. We must agree that there
are other areas of student life equally in need of improvement, and
that if all improvements other than increased opens were made,
Grinnell would not be such a bad place after all.
Continued pressure for open forms can only history the faculty
and administration, to say nothing of the students who would like
to see energy devoted to improvements that will be made
As for the allocation of revolution, let us remember that we
are a small, private, isolated school, and that the only result of
a student upcoming is likely to be a lot of exstudehts.
The 5&5 is in favor of an extension of open forms to 24 hours
every day. But given the underlying attitude in nursing Basement,
we must he content, temporarily, to work on Grinnell's other proc—
‘9is
And bear in mind, fellow favourites, that the ﬁget is not for
open forms — it is for legal open forms.
ENCAMPMENT AND THE REPORT
it is opportunity that the report of the Faculty Committee on
Academic Life will not be ready for engagement. The weekend
retreat would have provided the ideal time for students, faculty,
and administrators to discuss the report and exchange ideas.
Serious engagement discussion of academic life (and that
seems to be an all inclusive term) will be limited by the fact that
the report, although not here yet, is coming soon. And when it does
finally reach the students, it looks like it will be almost the end
of the semester, is time when the strain of academic life processes
discussion of it.
 
STATEMENT or owwnnsmr. Mnmamem AND cracuumort
oriental solaris started and Black, lzoz Park Street, cornell. roweihiek,
Town solid
published every Friday of the school year by the committee on Student,
Publications, Grinnell college. Grinnell, iowa still.
EDITOR: Barry Ancona
, MANAGlNG sharon: well riscner
i average No. Copies single issue
Elﬁn issue During Nearest io
rrrceoiiig i2 Months riding pair
Total No. copies printed mm too
cuisine Distribution . , LZDO 1,3917
Mall subscriptions , too in
Total bald calculation new has
me Distritniiion sun 1W
Total Distribution . soon L525
otiiee Use and Leftover . liio 475
row/ii. , , mm: more
submitted or required hy Section 4359 Title so of the Untied Slﬂlﬂ code
on the 28111 day of srpieinoer Ninetecnrhundrsd and silly~seven
srsrncN L, WAFSH, Business Msnﬁvcr
 
The Super topics
Get With Fashion’s Newest Rage.
These Hondkniis Fly Off Your
Fingers With Supersonic Speed
RGtJ
905 MAIN
SCARLET AND BLACK
IlllUllllllllillUllllllllllllllllillllllllHillllllllllllllllllllillilillllii
LETTERS TO
THE EDITOR
s‘iliilHlililHllillHtilllHitlilHimiHimlllilHlliilHliiliiilillilltlilllllﬁ
NOlSE AT
MAIN DOOR
To the Editor:
On a campus where matters
of importance to the academic
and social structure of the COLlege community are being her—
gently discussed and related,
I wonder if I am certified in
monitoring a subject such as
"courtesy” To be plant. people
returning through Main door
from midnight on 'till three
cm. are noise and boisterous
to the degree at which sleep
for a typical resident of Main
hall has become an accessibility.
With the institution of the
rio—hours policy, it is, of course,
natural and expected for people
to be using Main door brown
midnight on. And any person
would agree that conversation
at Main door is no nudity, but
rather a normal thing. The
point that i want to make is
that when such conversation
reaches an intensity at which
the residents of Main cannon
get to sleep, even after closing
the windows, a problem definitely exists.
I would like to request that
individuals e i i h o I conclude
their laughing, singing, and
talking a new hundred feet
away from Main door, or that
they substantially decrease
their volume upon approaching
Main door.
Carol A. HollOn
PENZNER
ON CROSSETT
To the Editor: ’
it was truly disconcerting Io
read the letter by Professor
John prospect in tile last issue
of the your To find that a man
with a Ph.D. would adopt the
role of Grinnell's Joe Fyne is
certainly had for the image of
Grinnell as on intellectual and
rational college. Mr. prospect attacks the GSM on the basis of
its grammar and syntax rather
than its ideasr
Perhaps even more history
meeting than his attempt to discredit GSM was his approach
to argument in general. His research of the GSM would he
anonymous to a presentation about
the llllad using Monarch Notes
as one’s only source. Mrs pros<
metal has not appeared at any of
the meetings of the GSM. All
were publicly announced Mr.
prospect has failed to contact
any GSM member as to his own
personal feelings
However, before falling into
the same pitialls as Mr. CmS<
sent, let me enlarge upon the
“out of context" quotations re
fired to by him. it has become
apparent that the opens issue
had become a closed issue due
to the attitudes of the advice
isolation. President suggest, in
an interview with B GSM member, had stated, as he restricted
the following Sunday, that there
was to be no extension oi open
forms, It therefore became evident to the GSM opens committee that the only avenue for
Friday, ociohsi 6, [91:7
didliddi. dhhddlddh
By Neil kitchen
American campus creative writing usually has two outlets —
collegersponsored workshops and lavatory walls.
But at Grinnell contributions B846 navigation engineers wide
the click walls of Forum preview clean of the day’s parties late
each night. And every year students again a long-anticipated creative writing course which never seems to alternative.
And while the “History of Grinnell College” lecture potentially
bills this place as “a confirmation of the New England tradition of
small liberal arts colleges,” it is an entertaining footnote to (his
history of hired education that all New England Colleges and uni<
varieties now offer one or more classes in creative writing.
Smith College has five creative writing courses and seminars;
Amherst has four; the University of Massachusetts has nine};
MiTJ'. even has one,
For that matter We never heard of a college — save Grinnell
— that dress’t offer some sort oi charitable work in written creativity.
But the Howard oi Poweshlelr County, I guess, dress't see the
med for mary a friﬁng course.
I wonder why persons has t .
We, of course, have our fri ng labs and our one journalism
professor and — believe it or not — one course in our catalogue
which might — importantly — be imposed as a writing course.
And so state processors who read the fine print in our fine bulletin will, i suppose, write in correction me: '
“Well, Mr. kitchen, I’m surprised at you. We have repository
and Narrative Writing — that is to say, English 204 — and how
dare you print that, anchor?"
But before you correct me, Mr. prospect, I might tell you that
English 204 this year has been related into a class in Formal
historic with little or no creativity required or even encouraged.
While Jaundice — my elsewhere must of joumalism — and I
were planning this candidates average, Joe Krausman founded on
us with the same — all too valid — complaint.
“it’s a crime. It’s an result. Tt‘s shockingly incredible that a
college of this carrier dress’t have a course in creative writing . t .
And I think the reason is that English processors are usually
parents,” quote he,
Krausman tells me that English departments generally have
two objectives to teaching creative w "ng: (l_) they think good
writing is God-given (Hello, again, Mr. C) and (2) all of the processors "would rather- criticism great writing than help students produce good fri ng"; in other words, nobody will teach it.
Great writing may be God-given, but as John Ciardi music in
a recent Saturday Review, “t . . even a simon might recognize
that writers, whatever their divine condition, learn from one anywhere”
And re somebody to teach the course, 1 guess while we dish
out a million dollars plus for a PE. complex (which most people
justify because “we can always use it") it takes a poverty-strictly
resident advisor (Krausman) and a Russian professor (George
Young) to organize and finance an oifrcampus writers workshop.
Again, I expensive that this inn’t my problem. My creative
outlet is this column, and that — believe me — is a problem.
But for the students blocking to the writer's workshop on Sunday afternoon and to Paul Jones’ poetry workshop because there’s
no creativity on campus, it is a problem.
And I suppose when the coleman manifesto comes out pro
charming a new academic environment at Grinnell, the lottery
artists have to go back to the Forum johns and suffer and hope
that at least E&G will read their poems before they scout them
away
 
change left open was that of
revolution I now believe even
more strongly that this is true,
It. was also our opinion that before the student body would
take this truly unpleasant road
they would have to be informed
of the President’s position it
seemed to us that the corner
the problem was solved the better all of us — administration,
faculty and students — would
i'tel. A value agreement had to
be made. How important is student social seltreguiation? it
is a question all of us must answer before engaging in revolution, I do not relief revolution,
but it is the only choice presently contracting students,
l would ask taken, that Mr.
prospect direct his remarks to
the issues as drawn by Eric
Thor and Ron Steinhorn in past
issues of the Nil 1 would hope
that he does not continue to become involved in out of context
quotations, hourly worked headlines, and wall posters He has
an open invitation to meet with
any of us or in come to any of
our discussions and meetings.
Michael Pens/er
LOST 8i FOUND
Students have requested that
a contributed campus lost-and<
found agency he established to
eliminate the extra steps and
confusion associated with the
multiple, informal lost- andfound agencies which now exist.
The College Book Store has
been designated to act as the
campus portland-found agency.
Now and in the. future, all
articles in informal lost-andfound agencies and articles
which appear to be lost and
whose owners cannon be identified, should be promptly
turned over to the College Book
Store
Patronize Our
Advertisers
 
Friday. October 5. I967
SCARLET AND BLACK
PHILOSOPHERS. NOT PARTISANS.
or MAKE MORE THAN LOVE
“It is now time for the student body to stop having to defend their point of view, and
have the administration start
depending theory." Besides being to a large extent write, this
statement is also indicating of
a general change of emphasis
in methods of creating change.
This opinion, voices by many
president students. is held also
by many thinking not ‘under
thirty.‘ ln a recent article in
the humanity, Leslie toddler
said, “Maybe it is not the
young today who need defend
ing, but the old.”
This attitude is most clearly
demonstrated in the controVersy on campus concerning
'rule philosophy,’ but it is also
relevant in a further area of
concern: creativity. There are
many ideas about creativity,
what it means, What its causes
are, what its aim is; Robinson
members said, “Values or Creativity come only out of via-
lance"; a friend of mine wrote
to me this summer, “Creativity comes only out of discussing
pensions"; and there is the old
saw. “Democracy is built on
the class or opposite views.”
Now Grinnell is obviously not
a democracy, either with a big
or little ‘d'. But it can be one
if only in the sense that it is
the place for the ‘flashing or
opposite views.’ for the ‘creation of discussing pensions,’ and
for 'violent creativity.’ What is
this thing. ‘education’, anyway?
It should be. at least to my
mind, the process of teaching
or in some cases forming a person to be creative.
How many students are willing to question the relevance of
the educational process, or the
meaning of grades, or of the
certain courses at Grillllell, to
ask whether or not course bacterial is worth reading in some
cases, to say ‘I have a belief
By PAUL JONES
and I challenge anyone to prove
that I’m wrong?’ Perhaps the
problem is not so much the lack
ot communication as Mr, Rudolph suggests, but, looking into
the causes, the unwillingness to
communicate; most students
around here are so dispassionate that they become illinois
for the history or art, the history of philosophy, the history
of history, but rarely artists,
philosophers, or h i s t o r t a n s
themselves. terminals, nobody
wants to know ‘why' anymore.
msn't it, then, possible to are—
ate some discussing tension
somewhere along the line? I
think that it Is, and since the
greater number of the senior
scholars at Grinnell are either
willing or unable to do it, it is
up to the students themselves.
It is necessary to remember
that the opposition or actions is
generally called war, the oppositioll or ideas, creativity.
 
A SANGUINE TRIBUTE TO COLLEGE MEDICINE
 
T0 iiEhii'ii hi
By DON WINNEY
One of the least appreciated
institutions at a college is usue
ally its medical help. I mean
we usually think such professional care is one of our una n u m e r ate d constitutional
rights. But no, as the AMA
president: so recently stated,
such fine college care is a
privilege, yes even a presidential pressing. Why I know a
friend who just rated about the
medical care he got at the
smallest liberal arts college
west at the South Carolina moderator,
One day, at a rather low enb
i believe, this young scholar
stumbled somewhat dated into
the office of the good Doctor,
one or the college town's proud
practitioners — a kind of pa<
serial newton Place figure highly recommended by the nice
nurse of the college health can
(er,
“Excuse me,“ said the student, “Please excuse me, I
hope you don't mind, belt while
playing badminton I inadverte
entry shipped on the barbie and
somewhat foolishly I'm afraid
tracked my head. Perhaps an
aspirin . . ."
"Why you poor dear!” tried
the nurse, pushing to him,
“Yes, of course, but first. fill
out this eight page insurance
form in triplicate.”
The student searched for his
pen while in his right hand he
gently bradley his head. Just
then, the good Doctor happens
emerald from his ofﬁce.
“0h, Doctor," tried the
nurse. pushing to him, “A head
injury, Doctor. It looks just awful.” ‘
“Very nice," measured the
Doctor, gently fingering the
hair.
“No. Doctor,” 5 a i d the
nurse, disengaging herself. “His
head.”
”What?" He planned down at
the student with a design, almost material expression, then
drew the nurse close and WhlS<
peter, ”Is the kid insured?"
The nurse needed.
”Hmmmm,” music the Doctor, “Perhaps an aspirin. .
The nurse currently reached
it. “Thank you.” said the doctor, helping it. “And now, kid,
just fill out that insurance
farm.”
“But sir." protected the std«
sent, somewhat differently,
"Excuse me, but I just can't
seem to think or read or november anything."
“You must have a test tomorrow," suggested the good
man, “Perhaps you need a psychlatrist."
“N0.” said the student, “It's
just that my head parts." He
shall wired his wet hand on
his browsers. “Excuse me for
training your rug like that.”
“Quite all right,“ replied the
Doctor, “Just check the box on
page three marked ‘Oiiice
damages‘." He shipped a completing arm around the nurse.
“And try not to track it
around.” he said.
The student started selling out
the form. but suddenly his arm
and neck began sharing.
hdﬁii
“You see, Doctor." explained
the student. "You see I have
these — like features.”
The nurse suddenly began
painting. “Now, now." another
the Doctor, training the nurse,
gently, "You shouldn't shock
the. poor dear like that. That's
not a very nice word, now is
it?"
The student, rather ungraclously, he later admitted, began anything on the floor.
“You do have a student union,
don't you?" asked the Doctor,
“where the kids dance?"
The student needed several
times while playing the carpet.
“Well," said the Doctor.
“Just wonder over. You'll (it
right in." With professional
skill the good man felt for the
nurse’s heart. “And please
come back soon,” he logged.
He felt for it again. “That’li
he just eight bucks, but don’t
worry,” he assured him, “your
insurance covers everything.
Otherwise I would've charged
you cash.”
The student was greatly
thankful for that, for in his harry he had forgotten his wallet.
He grateiully switched his way
out the door while the good
man thoughttully completed his
nurse. “Excuse me." logged
the doctor, “let me feel it
again,”
Page Three
 
A STUDENT OPINION
TRY it} UNDERSTAND
By SAMMIE FLETCHER and KAREN FRANK
This past Monday we heard a recording of a speech made by
calcium X in Detroit in 1963, We suddenly realized that the start
world of reality was passing us by. because we had been synthetic
in the true Grinnell spirit. We had built our own little dream world,
truly indicated from the problems of the outside. We knew that
things outside were bad, but we had been sheltered by the socalled liberal atmosphere here.
calcium x has been represented, unfortunately, as a preacher
of racial sacred — his theology compared to that of the basis. Only
selected parts of his speeches had been revealed to the general
public e parts which led to selection oi his views by many people.
In this speech, we found nothing with which we could argue.
He saw revolution from a historical point of View rating as examples, the Russian, American. and Chinese resolutions. II was, to
him, evident that a true revolution detailed bloodshed, detailed
sacred of one's enemy, and detailed an uncompromising expiration toward a goal. This is contrary to metro leaders who breach
non-violence, but in complete record with the new merchants such
as closely Carmichael.
Malcolln X and Carmichael have the same View toward turning the other check. For years the white man has expected the
metro to be patient and grateful for the little conclusions that he
made. The white man could tight for his rights — the metro had
to Wait partially. Now, the white man is awarded because more
and more degrees are not waiting partially. Every white man is
born with his rights, but degrees have to prove that they are
worthy of them. And the white establishment determines worth.
calcium X also pointed to the large number of degrees who
right in American wars. Is it hair for them to fight for a nation
that receives them of their citizenship and returns them to in
homeland where their churches are allowed, their brothers are
reached and they are met with score?
We believe that the civil rights movement is dying because
many of calcium X’s accepts women't followed. He realized that
black men had to units, that they had to divorce themselves from
the white power and money structure, that they had to develop
racial pride, and that their leaders had to receive their support
from the people, not the establishment.
Gradually, the black power movement is replacing the consistent civil rights movement. Civil rights legislation is merely on
the books, Congress watched the rat control bill off the floor, but
found root-control legislation more appearing. More people are
finding an answer in black power and violence, because the situation has not changed. A black revolution is believed to be charitable — there will be no Sitting back cumplacently for another
hundred years.
But where do we go from here? There seems to be no hope in
further legislation, no hope at the conference table, and no hope
(or understanding, Suddenly each individual is forced to make a
choice —— black or white, 3 choice which has been determined at
birth. There is no place for one DI us, a black moderate. Does she
turn her back on her people and be labeled an Uncle Tom, or does
she become a military young metro formatting her white friendly|
And can the other possibly remain a white liberal in a black never
action that sees all suites the same Way, or will she be Content to
defend her home in suburban?
Now is almost too late, but we area't ready to give up. If
everyone would care enough to try to understand the problem, we
believe there would still be hope (or reaching a solution.
 
"IlltllillllltlllllllltllilllllllltlllllllllllllIIllllllllllIIllllllllllllllllllllll“
THE
REPORTER
SHALL
RISE
AGAIN
atlllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllltlllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlltlllllllltlhn
"FALL addresses NOTES; older
His: announces he will teach 4
course on the New Deal (in which
”I was a participant and knew
some or the people who made me
contact decisions") and also write
a books about it. The course, suggestion by himself. starts October 5
at the New School [or Social
Research and ends November 15.
On November ll miss will be
sixiyvtllree.
The Revolution will be
ﬁliyr"
For a (m- copy oi til.
(input that at NA.
rloNAt REVIEW, min
lo Dept. CPJ, iso
as so. N.v.,N,r.look
 
Your Favorite Beverage
of
Mt; NaIIy's Super-Valu
Just Arrived — New Supply of
PIERCED EARRINGS
Prices Start At
$2.95
frames Jewelry
 
Page Four
NSF GRANT
'Grinnell College has been aWarded a tissue grant by the
National Science Foundation
for biology research.
The grant, which was effective Sept. 1 for a two~year period, is for research on “The direct of cancellation of Social
Structure on the Rate of population increasing Small cam<
male” by Karl belong, assisted professor of biology.
Dr. belong, who uses let'al
Kwiid) house mice in his research, has been working in
this area for five years. This
particular project grew out of
research conducted for his PhD. presentation,
} HETTLINGER
(Continued from Page 1)
man and woman involved is A
complex matter. center Kirirendall, in a sandy 0! this problem, found that in several instances a relationship was
weekends, or even broken, as a
result of interactive. How this
happens is not clear. When it
happens, the girl is often in a
difficult position: many men
who have no qualms about reducing the supply of viewing
prefer to harry girls with no
sexual experience, or no experience with men other than
themselves.
S e r i o u s misunderstandings
can result from psychological
and psychological differences
between the sites, unless the
infections of the individuals core-
SCARLET AND BLACK
comes are completely understood. Hettlinger cited a Kinsey study showing that the
need of men for physical data
infection in sex reaches its peak
in the late teens, while this
peak in women occurs about
ten years later.
This means that the collective man is likely to be concerned largely with sexual desire, while the girl will more
probably be thinking in terms
of a lasting relationship. while
her features may be intended
to show her infection for him,
he might interview them as signiiying sexual excitement. Being excited himself, he may
find it impossible no stop when
she asks him to. While he can
get a surely physical equipment
from sex, she cannon, and may
be discussed by sexual actions
which do not express love. if he
sincerely loves her, he must
keep these differences in mind
if he is to avoid forming his
desired on her.
Despite medical advances in
the area of birth control, one
premarital sexual madison in
ﬁve results in an accidental
pregnancy. Since those who are
most permissions are usually
the most careful in their comprehensive measures, they are
less likely to get "in trouble"
than those who don’t really plan
to have interactive, but progress to it from getting.
The ethical problems of student sexual relationships. says
Hettlinger, can be directly attributes to the mixedup mobility of the older generation. By
social pressure and intensive
interpretation from the mass
 
A new girl
for girl-teachers
both
to watch .
, Her name is Joan Parker. and she's the new Dodge Fever Girl;
Watch her on television this season, displaying Dodge Feve;
to a variety of unsuspecting souls. (Dodge's T!
schedule is listed below.)
A nascar
to love...
for car-lovers
its name is Charger, and It's the best-looking Dodge ever built.‘
Complete with disappearing highlights and sports-car selling that '
features a European-type similar on the rear deck. But since ,
loolts area‘t everything, we made It exciting to drive, with a ata-cu.-ln.V8,
budget seats and an airplanestype instrument panel. Even pockets in
the doors for your shades and/or rally maps. With all this included, ' ‘
we‘ve reduced charger'c listprice by more than $100. Maybe you can!
please everybody, but we sure try. See your Dodge Dealer right away.
 
from Dodge.
'You know, the people who build the cars
that give you . . . Dodge Fever.
Dance-s 1v scanner row ocT.. last
Gunsmoke
Thursday Night ii
the Moms
,_ Mzmillt
its sinuiiim
another
Sin»: impossible
AFL football
on. 5. a
jam oolu littlest to things.
1t.- world Stliu
CHHVSLEH
mm wmmuiii
Friday. October 6, ”1:7,
media, society encourage:
young people to "exhaust their
repertoire" in the early stages
of heterosexual involvement 4
and then foreign interactive.
Unable to explain their attitude
in any reasonable manner, part
ends leave their children with'
value feelings that sex is wrong
while Madison Avenue constant:
ly portrait it as something
glamourous and attractive.
In report against this double
standard, peer group pressure
among students often results in
the formation of a "consortium
Di sexual freedom." Even plus
cents who do not accept traditional moves, however. tend to
reject probability and inside on
“high standards of love and
royalty."
Hettlinger is Chairman of the
Department of Religion at Ken.
you College, earlier, Ohio.
Born in England. he studied at
Cambridge University. He has
taught ln Toronto, Canada, and
Canterbury, England. in l959,
Hettlinger came to the U.S. for
graduate work at Yale driver.
site, and a year later he was
appointed Chaplain and Associate Professor of Religion at
canyon. In the fall of 1963, he
gave a series of lectures on
“Sex and the Single Student",
and the enthusiastic reaction
from students and faculty led
him to expand the talks into
his book, Living with Sex. H0
intense to write another book,
aimed at high-school students, to
be called Growing Up with Sex.
DANFORTH
0N CATALYSTS
'A catalyst is a chemical
agent which acts to speed up
specific reactions. They are
found in the cells of plants and
animals, and take part in thmetabolic process. Catalyst!
are also used by industry in the
manufacture of such products
as armenia and plastics, and
in the tracking of petroleum to
gasoline.
This last reaction was the
subject of last week's lecture
by Dr. Joseph Danforth of the
chemistry department. Dr,
Danforth worked for Universal
Oil Products before coming to
Grinnell, and has conducted re—
search here on the petroleum
databases, the silica-aluminum.
He Spoke on his most recent
attempts to discover the site on
the molecule where catalogue
tracking takes place, using as
lecture aids models of [he
crystal structure of the profile
class (the same as the structure of the modern synthetic
silicaraluminas).
In his research, Dr. Danforth
found, surely by chance, that
only upon the addition of water
would his databases reach (in
this case with isopropyl genuine). The degree oi reaction
was recorded by a device created by Dr. wanting which
measured the quantity of the
reaction products that came
off. He concluded that the water removed phenol (believe
plus a hydrogen atom) and
leaves a hydroxide radical at
the specific site of activity.
This site is as yet undetermined.
Dr. Daniorth will publish niger the final conﬁstation of his
results by means of india-red
analysis.
 
Friday. October 6. 1967
SCARLET AND BLACK Page Fivr
 
GAMPiIS NOTES
The concert tonight by CaroMi toward, soprano tourist,
features competitions which are
not often heard, but that deserve to be a part of concert
programs. Known as a fine
singer and skilled actress, Miss
toward is equally at home with
opera as well as decimal work.
The program, the second of
this year‘s concert series, he.
wins at a p.m. in Roberts Thea<
ﬁre with the typical German
and nineteenth century leader
The program also includes a
embassy number, n Schubert
piece with clarinet accompaniment by Paul Zonn (music).
four areas from each contains
with instrumental obligato messages, and s e v e r a1 William
make poems set to music by
Tunu japan, Paul perth 0f the
Lenoir quarter will according
Miss toward on the piano
Following the concert. Robert
salary (English) will play gui<
tar in the Forum Coffee House.
The World university Service
Auction. offering items from a
pie fight to dinner at the president's house, will be held in
party Gym at lo him, Saturday night following the Bird
Bowl Ball. The Wt U, S. is the
only charity on campus and
money collected goes to aid colleges in underdeveloped countries. Richard shares, a professional auctioneer ln town, is
conducting the auction and each
item on a list of over kitty
items will go to the highest
bidder. Anyone still wanting to
LOWER DEPTHS
By PORTER WOODS i
(Speech - metro)
This Saturday night (7:30)'
and Monday (8:00) there will
be settings in ARK of Akita
Kurosawa’s The Lower Depthsl
I originally requested this film
for a class assignment for
Drama {11, to be coupled with
a reading by the state ot works’s
play and followed by charitable
discussions at the possibilities
of the (Wu media (drama and
film) and the cultural differences implied by Kurosawa's handling oi the Russian play
Now the film is to be made
public and l’ve been asked to
say something about it. First,
it is by one of Japan’s leading
film makers. It is not his most
residential. That was probably
Rashiminn, which started the
West's interest in Japanese
film; nor is it his best, which
might be chrome oi Blood, skirt, or The Drunken Angel; nor
his best pacific film, which has
to be his overall comment on
the American Western, Yojimbo,
which was shown this last week
end in ARHi
But it is one at his great
films and you should enjoy it
first, then judge Kurosawa's
replication as an artist, Much
ink is skilled about this film
maker’s alternative of stillnessand-action, his fascinating with
the frozen scene (remember the
rain storm in The Magniﬁcent
By KATHY SHEA
auction something must contact
either Charles Hill or Jim Elliot today.
The Bird Bowl Ball, given by
Clark and movies for the entire campus, begins at 7:30 pm.
in Cowles Lounge The “Three
Souls,’i a Chicago night club
band, will provide the music.
The Bird Bowl specifies a finally between Cowles and Clark
over the possession of a bird
originally obtained by Cowles.
NOW, ownership of the bird is
determined by an annual football game, this year‘s to be
played Sunday at 2 pm on
party field.
Robert Katz, a senior, is presenting a trombone decimal Sun.
day at 4 p.m. in Roberts Theatre. His program consists of
traditional music, a contrast to
the recent Stuart semester concert. Jane West will play the
piano accompaniment.
Two movies will be shown in
ARH this weekend. garage,
starring Gregory neck, Diane
Baker, and Walter nathan will
be shown at 11 pm. Friday
and 9:30 Sunday evening. It is
an American response thriller
written by Peter Stone, author
of upgrade, and concerns is
kidnapped amnesiacr "The Lower deaths” will be shown at
7:30 p.mr Saturday and 8 pm.
Monday.
You Only Live Twice, the
last agent 007 James Bond
movie, starring Sean country,
will be showing at the Strand
Theater through next Wednesday.
. SHOEMAKER’S
it HOLIDAY
By JEFF SCHECKTER
Shoemakers' H o l i d I y, I
buddy, comic look at early
Renaissance England by whom
as seeker, is sharing up as art
outstanding feature for congo~
nation. Directed by the new
Director of Theatre, Porter 5,
Woods, the fifteen members of
the cast are now rehearsing two
hours a day in Roberts Theatre.
The all-important bookstore
press — lighting, surgery, pub—
limits and makeup e are also
preparing for the performances
on October 26, 27, and 28, Cos<
cities are being designed and
executed under the supervision
of Mrs. Woods,
Leading the cast are Maxwell
jelsoft as Simon Eyre, the
shoemaker, and Grinltell's antonio-residence, Robert Ingham,
as kirk. Eyre's journeyman. Also in llhe cast are Mark never»
son, red newton, Patricia Loeb,
Ken picks, Dennis Wilson, Deborah Abbott, write Schwaller,
bobby Pannwito, Stephanie new.
is, Art angeles, Greg alliance.
picks savings, Jeff Scheckter
and Bill taylor. assistant Mr.
Woods as stage managers and
student directors are forget
Weeks and permits allen"
Seven?) and his original use
of Western materials. grid this
brings me back to why I
thought at the film in the first
place. Read any works lately?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GIINNELL. iOWA
Acre“ from lilo felt Omen
Photo by Barry mean.
A truckload ot sending machine: for north campus arrives in Cowles parking lot.
lilillllllllllllilllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltl
> Low nation, will not look at the t0<
t bl .” She ex
(“mm "m" “8“ 1) n15? :iinn in a diffs:
“computational use ot forms. ry g p
" cents would try to view “the
tony rooms.
in support of her position,
she refers to at least one national questionnaire, and her
personal conversations w i t h
many psychiatrists and other
means oi colleges.
Prominent a m o n g these
sources is Dr. passwords, as
situated with Harvard driver—
site and M.I.T. In a conversation with her last year, he indicated that, given a choice, a
college should not institute
open forms. As a professional
psychiatrist with much experience with college students, he
said country: “Bedrooms and
bathrooms should remain segregated.”
Dean Low further pointed out
that obviously, the fact that
few colleges have open forms
indicates the degree of opposition to them
Asked about datinitlve works
on the subject, she said that
because the question is so new,
there have really been no conclusion studies made. Even if
there were such information.
she mentioned against a reliance an outside studies of statistics, warning that, because
at the great difference in colleges, a study in another college might not necessarily
have relevance to this college.
Considering the available information, Dean Low sees no
evidence that open forms aid
the academic processes, and
she stated that any innovations
at Grinnell would be made with
the goal in mind oi improving
the academic processes,
Viewing the atmosphere in
many places on campus, slip
observed that it is ”too bad
alias more students, in their desire to improve their living 5
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
min Main
Titans“. 5 to lo Fimr
Sunday—Noon to lo pm,
broader issue."
 
First Choice
Of The
Engageables
They like the smart rolling and
the perfect center diamond
. . . a brilliant gem at line
color and modern cut. The
moms, Keepsake, in your
ring assumes lifetime satisfaction. Select your: at your
Ksepioke Jawelsr's store.
He's in the yellow paper
under "Jewelers,“
ant-non
writers RINOI
I"
l HOWTO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT ANDWEDDINGi
i Please send new 20-page booking, "How To Plan Your Engage- i
meant and Wedding" and new 12-page full color folder, both levy
I only 25cAIso,send special oilerot beautiful 44-page holds‘s Book. I
I Name
i Address
p
l
l city |
i State
i KEEPSAKE DlAMOND RlNGS, 80X 90, SYRACUSE, N. Y. 13202
 
Page Sitt
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, October 5, m1
 
HODIERNE T0 EDIT PROGRAM
C. admin Gilmour (political
science), Director of the PPPE
announced the appointment of
Bob l-Iodierne, '68, to the position or editor of the program
for tile 196K rock political conventions. Along with editing the
program, the editorials involves responsibility for all preponventlon publicity.
Once in the college lifetime
of every Grinnell student, the
PPPE activities reach 3 Elimax when, in the spring of the
year in which US. presidential
1. Vtht‘s a both major doing with
"The Complete Guide to lo
writing or the Breadfruit Tree"?
it was a terryﬁc buy.
I. And the condos eggs
Could you refuse 2 dozen
for the price or one?
candidates are nominated, two
rock National Political Conventions are stated H one for
the Republican students and
the other for the Democratic
Students.
Hodieme, a former 5&3 editor and political science major,
spent 13 months as a photo
journalist in Vietnam. He is a
former radio news director,
and his sophomore year he was
awarded a PPPE Political Re<
posting Internship with the
Associated Press in Des
points.
it, That's what you said about the
speluuhiug ought you bought
last week.
Listenitllat wax
marked down 50%.
4. No wonder you’re always broke.
But look at the buys l gctl
FLIGELTAUB’S SPEECH T0 SENATE
Last spring, after much de«
generation, i decided to seek the
office of the President of the
Council of House treatments. I
recognized the problems assume‘
aged with the office: however,
I was optimistic, and thought
that through a contributions effort. I could iuliill the responsibilitiies, minimize the difficulties, and provide leadership both
for student government and one
student body. As I became more
involved in SGA, I served more
academy the conflict between the
responsibilities and the problems. Yet. I continued to work
because I believed the conflict
could be resolved without any
plastic personal decision. I now
have arrived at the point that
I can see no resolution for myself and can forever only the
department of the C of HP and
SGA leadership if I do not make
that personal decision,
The immediate factor forming
my decision has developed from
my philosophy concerning student responsiblhnies and community rules. especially those
relating to the open forms
question. Unlike several student
leaders who have adopted a
philosophy of hall rights, l have
not and, as l interview the role
of the C of HP providence, I
can not. I, therefore, have had
the following policy about open
forms: if I have passed a woman entering the hall or if i
have heard a woman's voice
in the room or it people have
complaints to me about the
noise from a computational party in a room. I have asked the
men involved m remove the
women from the hall. I also
have explained to the people involved that after three separate warnings. I would send them
to the judicial council, (To say
the least, this policy indicates
italy students and officers who
disease their responsibilities.)
Yet, with my election. 1 assumed a greater obligation to
be concerned not only with hall
rights and rules but also community rules and rights. Simply because a particular majority in a hall or his officers
decide not to recognize a rule,
I do not lose suddenly my re<
sponsibilities to the entire com<
munich. The sustainability of
student responsibilities student
government responses its and
community responsibilities seem
so fundamental to me that l cannon compromise on this principle.
Some people have asked me
why, after three years at Grinnell, this principle has become
so sacmsanct to me. i have
no defining answer to this question. other than that this office
has calculated some thought in
my formerly independent mind.
I, however, do know that now.
both as an individual and as a
student leader, I can not accept an attitude that completely
relates a rule because it is
disagreeable to several people.
I consider an indicating rule a
poor excuse for stunning one’s
duty to poverty and response<
bility.
Yet, some people have been
presenting me to adopt that at«
titude. Now, what are the im<
plicahions and alternatives in
their demand. One alternative
would be to compromise the
fundamental principle of student responsibility and poverty
within the college community.
Another alternative would be
for me to rights and defend theﬂ
principle. with all the consequences that might energy from
the struggle. A third alberta-
 
All the way from
the Virgin Islands
-—Just for you!
St. Johns
Lime and
Bay cum
"Hundreds oi producer
mate a man smell pretty,
These make you smell
like a man."
GLASSES
Made anti impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cu see and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3979
E. l. lenses, OJ).
OPTOMETRIS'I’
Across from Post Office
Closed hours, PM.
time would be to design from
my office.
As I stated, the principle of
student poverty and responsible
its is essential to my philosophy
about student life in the trim
well community. Student participants in non-academic areas
is primarily earned or reserved
rather than interest in the college situation. i do not believe
in floating a college rule because it seems to infringe upon
my freedom, 1 do believe in
changing the rule through discussion and documentation —
even if these processes require
much more thought and time.
Thus, especially when l have
the honor to he in a student
leadership role which should demand more responsibility than
the normal individual struggled
with, I can not turn away and
acquired to treasures for total
reflect of the rule or rules.
You see, therefore. that compromise is an unacceptable answer for my problem.
To light and to depend my
philosophy were the second alternative I suggested. The idea
of a struggle does note brighton
me, for I love to accept chat<
devices of this nature. Nor do
I fear the possibility oi des<
covering that my views are those
of the minority — after being
Jewish and Catholic for twentyone years, I have learned not
to be disturbed with having
minority ideas. I, however, am
resistant to force discussion of
this principle at this time for
two reasons. During the coming months the entire community will be defining on
major reforms in academic,
social, and residential areas.
Stiudent leaders will have the
opportunity to play vital role:
FLIGELTAUB—
(Continued on Page 1)
r. it you want a good buy, why don't
on look into Living Insurance from
suitable? At our age the cost is
low, and you get solid protection
now that continues to cover your family
later when you get mailed. Plus
a nice nest egg when you return.
Ill take tool
For information about Living Insurance. run The Man from E disable.
For career opportunities at available, see your Placement 0 ioer, or
writer radar i.. harley, Manager, College Employment.
the [jul’ﬂBlE life Assurance Society of the United State:
Home Ofﬁce: 1255 jvc. of the Americas, Now York, NY IHDIQ
An Equal opportunity Employer, M/_F odouiioble look
9
THARP
You Are Welcome
Ar
Larry's career Shop
and gui. PM.
 
major-pulling A Specially
LARRY 8r GARY
Across from Bob printer — On Main Street
Interwoven»
Shur-Up®
is u Mid-half
paperback®
Here's why:
Shut-up“ construction
of Spandex throughout.
the leg keeps it; up. Mid.
half length leaves no
bare leg gap. A variety
of styles. $1.50 and up.
Preston's .
 
Friday, October 5. H757
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
) FLIGELTAUB
(Continued from Page 6)
in this decision-making process.
Part oi the students‘ success
here will be due to their flexibility, ie., their ability to give
and lake in discussions about
certain subjects, To have student leaders and the student
body immediately c o m m i t
themselves on this principle
quite probably would hammer
them in the social period
ahead. If student leaders were
to agree with me, they might
lose student support It student
leaders were to disagree with
me, faculty and administrative
support might diminish, i am
involving to river these possibilities.
i also tool that student poverty
and responsibility must be discussed in the context oi the
entire lite beast Were my p0<
vision to challenge the students
to respond to these important
questions during the next new
days, the rebates and discussions probably would include
these questions relative to open
forms and not relative to all
the factors that should be in«
solved. i hope that, when the
Committee on Student details
announces its proposals within
the next couple of months, construction discussions about context and responsibility can occur and will not exclude any
relevant topics Unfortunately,
i fear that such discussions are
nearly impossible at this point
in the process of change,
For these two reasons — ——
my desired to grant as much
ﬂliability as possible to student
leaders and to have discussions
which are positive and which
consider topics not as isolated
factors but as parts of a whole
— I am involving to press for
immediate student action on a
principle which i believe Is so
vital to the Grinnell community
or to nearly any community.
The third solution to the conflict betlween responsibilities
and problems was to design. I
shall not attempt to rationalize
this kind of a decision I fully
realize that my designation does
not solve the problems I recognize that i only help to minimize and to avoid temporarily
the conﬂict by selecting this
third alternative Yet, i can not
compromise without companies—
ing part oi myselit Nor do I
western the probably results oi
an immediate right as geneﬁdial
to what may energy before
pic, Leida, and Phil leave office. designation seems to be
the only alternative left. I,
therefore, — with resistance —
announce my designation as C
of HP President, effective as
of [Olllgllir
before i leave, however, 1
should like to present utility a
new personal comments and observations about student government and the student body
at Grinnell.
As I told you, my designation merely postcards the dis»
session and quite probably the
fight about student responsible»
its, Whatever be the suggested
changes for the residential sys
tel, the question about responsibility and poverty in regard
to community rules will have
to be answered, We avoid It
now but all oi as will contract it during the next
few months. To paraphrase
John F. Kennedy, not only do
the problems of courage and
conference concern every office—
holder at Grinneli College, however bubble or mighty, and to
whatever be may be responsible —- voters, a council, is
board, or a political machine.
They concern as well every person in our community — and
they concern those who do not
vote, those who take no interest in government, those who
have only disease for the student leaders and their jobs.
For, at Grinnell, every person,
regardless oi his interest in
politics, “holds office"; every
one at us is in a position oi
responsibility; and, in the ﬁnfl
analysis, the kind of college
99trinity we get depends upon how we iuliiii those responsibilities.
By this i do not mean that
more student politicians are
needed. Since my election, 1
have argued that one major
wellness in student modern»
ment is the assurance oi student politicians. those people
who are pages to assume power
and to create pressure for personal gains or ago satisfaction.
Student government and the
student body respiratory need
more dedicated thunder's such
as bio, being, and Phll —
people who act only after cw
jul objective consideration at
all relevant facts.
My only direct suggestion to
the Senate and members oi the
C oi HP concerns the way in
which many oi you interview
your roles primarily as retleo
toys oi student opinion. 1 believe you were elected because
students have conﬁdance in
your ability to exercise your
judgment to determine what are
their own best interests. (JFK)
To do this you sometimes must
lead, other times must inform,
and occasionally must ignore
student opinion. The student
body, or course, is the ultimate
judge. But you, through medication, poverty, tllougbtiulness,
and responsibility, mtlst be will<
ing to inﬂhence and direct that
final judge.
Finally, I want to assure you
that my services and my philosDphies will be available wto any
oi you, especially to members
of the Executive Cabinet, To
tell you that l design without
disappointment would be a he.
i degree that i have to leave
student government this way.
I, however, do not design from
student participation or student
actions. Each oi us ultimately
has responsibility which he can
not deny. Each of its will have
on solve the conﬂict which i
avoid now.
l|still|IIlllIIIillII|lIIIl|IIItl||Illll|Iltllillttllmllllilllllllliliiillllltiilll
WHAT’S IN A NAME
THE PAPER is the name
oi the student newspaper oi
Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln.
GOME
TO THE
W.II.S.
AUGTIOH
Headquarters For:
ILOIISES - skills's
SWEATERS . DRESSES
9
GRINNELL NEWTON
 
"'3 World perl Time Again —
Come eat and drink with us and watch
the games on our new color TV
DISCGUNT (ENTER
This Is Where You Buy
The Best for Less
STORE HOURS: MONDAY Tlml SAT. 9:00-8:00
FRIDAY 9:00 TO 9:00
Health & Beauty Aids
SUBDUE ‘13:???
SHAMPOO
C
$1.25 Jar
YORK GIBSON
SPECIAL
ASPIRIN ,‘
”0‘3. 19: SI“
WILKINSON
BLADES
Stainless stack 10's. $1.29 Size ,,,,,,
LILT SPECIAL
HOME PERMANENT
31.69 flu
STYLE
HAIR SPRAY
51.19 SIXO _,
BRECK
CREME RINSE
leg. or with Body. $1.75 Size ........
MICRIN
MOUTH WASH
$1.15 Sin
KNEE HIGH
soclts
SEAMLESS STRETCH
PANTY HOSE
Each ,
GIBSON
SPECIAL
77‘
GIBSON
SPECIAL
99‘
GIBSON
SPECIAL
. 66‘
GIBSON
SPECIAL
99‘
GIBSON
mIAL
. 69‘
GIBSON
PRICE
. 66‘
GIBSON
PRICE
$134
GIBSON
CANNON
BATH TOWELS
C
WASH GLOTHS . . . . . 23‘ 77
Everything Al‘ Discount Prices
 
Iago Eight
ElmHilillllllilltiiliiiillilililIIHillltilillliitiliiilitliiiiiiliiiilltililliiiitliiiiiliiiiilliiiiiliiiiiiliiiiliillilllltlliilllililllllilllililllllilHtliilllllilllllllg
:5 & B SPORTS
E
lllllllltllllltllllllllllhillllllillllllllillllllllilllilltlllllttlllllllllllltllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllillllliillllllllilllllilllilltlllilllllllllﬁ
PIONEER GRIDDERS
AND HARRIERS LOSE
By BARRY ANCONA
The Pioneer football team suffer'ed its second defeat of the
season at the hands of the
Cornell cams at Mt. men‘non
last Saturday. The 27-24 loss
was just one paint off last
year's defeat score.
The Grinnell printers published Cornell l15 yards to 108,
but fell short on pass garbage
and hunting. The Pioneers completed 17 of 32 passes for 229
arts to Cornell’s 14 for 27:
55. There were no internet<
tions. The Pioneers had one hunt
b 1 o ck e d, and operated 29.9
yards, while the cams picked
It 40,7.
Coach powers saw a weak‘
defense and the liability to
station as Gl'innell‘s major
tablets. Two defensive his.
lies gave the cams two of
their touchdowns. The small
size of the team makes sub<
tier. difficultrand “player
who give 110 percent on each
play will get tired before the
and of the game.“
Game summary: After a
hunting fuel for the first nine
tninutes of play, the cams
scored on a 25 yard pass play.
They picked the extra point.
to Grinnell set up its first
touchdown when Rich Weeks
ran right end for 45 yards and
streets hit Dave kathy on a 13
and pass play to put the hall
aside the Cornell ten, With
1:26 left in the first quarter,
Dick Lamb took the ball four
yards for the score. Kent
tl‘common’s exilra point pass to
Bill Wedding failure 7-6.
Dick sussex’s hunt from deep
in Pioneer land was blocked.
and the cams took over on the
is. in the finest: defensive play
or the game, Grinnell held for
three towns inside their own
ten. A field goal attempt went
wide. With 5:38 left in the first
half, Weeks ran 15 yards to the
one, and Lamb took it over for
his (and Grinnell’s) s e c n n d
score of the game, The extra
int pass (Thomson to
Eighwartz) was incomplete. 7-12,
, its 1:29 to go in the half,
Cornell’s mattress caught a
pass, broke two tickets, and
scored on a 55 yard play. The
Extra point failed, but the cams
were ahead at the half, 13-12.
Twenty-three teams, the
largest field in the four-year
history or the event, have
entered Grinnell College‘s
1961 cross country meet for
high schools.
The meet, which will be
run in two divisions this
year, will be held tomorrow
on a new two-mile course
north of Ward Field, The
Class 3 (Small school) race
is scheduled for 10:30 am.
with the Class A (large
school) competition following at about 10:45 a.nl.
We“
SCARLET AND BLACK
Five freshman cheerleaders and one ultimate have
been selected to support our
freshman teams, according
to variety cheerleader leader
newbie DuNann. The five
are: Kay christine, Shell:
doctrine, garcia David,
Leslie Knowlton, and Jean
Klimmerow. Kathy robot is
the alternate.
P 3 Do poker
Don Kraifsik turns the corner and heads sheffield as
John sitemap meets: in to
Cornell scored once in the
third quarter and once again
in the fourth Both touchdowns
were passes from inside the
five yard line; both‘ times, the
cams advanced sheffield on
passing: both extra point picks
were good. With ten minutes
left in the game, the Pioneers
were down 27-12.
Sophomore Doug link went
in at quarterback, and the team
started to move again. Starting on their own 32, the bloggers moved sheffield, added
by a 40 yard pass to Mike
Schwartz. link hit Thomson with
a 42 yard pass for Grinnell’s
third touchdown. The extra
point failed. 27-18. Failing to
throw a black.
move the hall, Cornell posted
through the Grinnell end zone,
and witch 5:56 remaining, the
Pioneers took over on the
*twenty.‘
Two incomplete passes be-’
came “first and lens' when
pass interference was called on
the Ram depending against
Schwartz, link hit Poison for
17 yards, and then hit Schwartz
for the 39 yard touchdown. Thu
kick failed, and the final score
was 27-24.
The Grinneii cross-country
men also lost at Cornell. Doug
gray, the first Pioneer across
the finish. came in fourth. Team
score was 2067.
 
LES DUKE 0.0. MEET TOMORROW
A record field of 13 teams
is expected at the sixth annual
running of Grinnell College's
Les Duke occupational Cross
Country Meet tomorrow.
The four-mile meet, which
will be held in conjunction with
the Grinnell-Ripnn to D t h a ll
game, wal begin at 1:20 pm
at Ward Field.
works will be on hand to defend the title it won in 1963,
but a new entry, Carleton,
ranks as the favorite for this
year’s championship. The paris
have taken the Midwest Con<
defence crown five years in a
row and have the top live men
back from last fall's team.
Other teams which have entered the meet are St. improve,
Central, Chicago University,
cleveland, William Penn, Black
Hawk, Simpson, Bnar Cliff,
Midwestern, joe, and Grinnell.
Scheduled in connection with
the occupational are Grinnell .
Carleton and Grinnell-Chicago
deals. Individual platinum of the
teams in the occupational will
be regulated into dual meet
form.
The meet will be started by
Duke, is former Grinnell root.
ball, basketball, and track
great who later coaches, taught
and served as dean of men at
the college for more than 25
years. Recognized as one of
the country's top track quarters,
he served in that capacity at
the brake and Kansas delays
for many years.
 
Go Pioneers! Rip simon!
nasty
Pastry
Friday. October 6. I967,
THE KIBITZER
By JOHN RA!
Fm Contract Bridge lessons will be offered to anyone who
wishes to learn the game. Sign up at the Forum Desk or mall a
note to Box 886.
Classes will be 7 to 8 pm. on Tuesdays and Thursdays and
will last for five weeks. Classes will start October 10, with the introductory “Rules, Scoring and Etiquette” lecture.
If your game is busty or if you have never played bridge
before, this is a unique opportunity for you to review or learn the
fundamentals of contract in the shortest, least painful, amount of
time. A schedule of the lectures will be available on the Forum
Bulletin Board for those who may wish to attend only one or two
lectures.
Classes will generally consist of a half-hour lecture and your
1earn-as-you-play-and-asquuestionstoo-period.
GRAY MATTER
By BILL GRAY
Another week of i, M. football has passed and the players now
move into the final week of the schedule. There was something
good for everyone last week.
Langan won a game thus bringing joy to the hearts of those
on campus who favor change. For those who prefer the status que,
liable Continued to win, a phenomenon which evokes about as
much response as a sunrise on a cloudy day..lltith the markets,
the critics, and the jackets all having difficult times, though, it
 
'1: always nice to have something reliable to restore your faith in
the order of the universe.
Highlight of this week’s play will be the second annual Bird
Bowl sitting Clark against Cowles. The trophy which goes to the
winner is the liable eagle, which appears somewhat incongruous
but apparently does not concern the participants.
i giant get a chance to see a girls' softball game due to the
fact that they cancelled all games after hearing I might attend one
. of them. The next attraction is a hockey (soccer?) game between
die boys‘ soccer team and the girls’ field hockey team. Don’t bet
against the girls (especially if they get to use their clubs)
The college bowling league started last week with six three.
man teams. “Ob" Oppenheimer led the way with a 206 game
and 553 series
 
 
Photo by Don seeker
The last Cornell december fall: behind Mike Schwartx,
who took Doug link's pass into the and zone for Grin.
well‘x fourth touchdown.
ADDRESS HERE:
 
