SCARLET & BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
one. again, the oldest college newspaper west of the Mississippi
 
VJ. Lxxv
GrinnaII, Iowa, Friday, December I, I967
No. it
 
COLLEGE TRUSTEES UP TUITION S20 . TOTAL FEES SSTOO
illlillillilillllilllllillllilllllllililllmllllllllllilllllllllllllllIIlllllIliillIIlliIIIlliIIIlil|IIilllIIIillllllilllliiillllillllilllillilllIIIllllllllllllllllllilllllillllllllllIIIillllllllilllilllllilllllilllllllllllllllllllllllluilllllllllllllllllllillllllillllllllliiillliiillllllllllllllllllllllllllIIIlllIIIlllillllliillllllillillllllllllllilllllllllllllllillli
SENATE DEBATES
CONSTITUTION CHANGES
glilllllllllmlllllllllliiilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllli "-
NEWS
BRIEFS
ﬁllllllillllllliillllllilllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilﬁ
INTERIM TOPICS
ANNOUNCED
The American Indian, an historical approach to Vietnam,
Black Power and metro History, Theories of Evolution, and
Eastern Mysu‘cism are the major topics selected for the Jan-
,uaiy 11716 Interim period.
Literature seminars on J. D.
cylinder, William Faulkner, german jesse, “heat" posts, Nicholas Kazantzakis, and a combined seminar on Ralph madison
and Richard Wright will also be
included in the program.
A series of discussions deal<
Ing with differences in sexual
experience of men and women,
birth control, etc, will be presented. “The War Game," a
documentary-like film of emotional nuclear holocaust, and
several student movies will be
shown. Workshops in drama,
computer programming and
language laboratories will be
open.
Mr. Z i m m a r (psychology)
will host a discussion 01 inter-
crucial psychology at rats.
n a e
| I.V.S. REP. HERE
DECEMBER 7-8
John R, laser, a representative of International Voluntary
Services. Inc, (IVS), Will visit
the campus on December 7 and
8 to discuss overseas opportunities.
IVS, a private, nonprofit organization, has been working
on a ”people-topeople” level in
developing countries since 1953.
Over zoo volunteers are now
working in agriculture, common i t y development, education
and youth activities in South
east Asia with new teams developing in the Middle East.
TODAY AT 4 P.M.
Electoral politics
Draft resistance
Civil libraries
panel discussion with!
SDS
DRU
PAX
ACLU
South Lounge
PPPE, sponsor
SHOPPING
DAYS TO
CHRISTMAS
JAMES HITS
CITY HOUSING
By SUE T. MILLER
Q: “What do you think of
public housing In Chicago?”
A: “I would drop a bomb
on 35th through 47th Streets
and start over again."
In talking of the brings of
the Chicago housing project,
Director of the Waterloo Human
Rights Commission, Ronald
James addressed a group Wednesday In South Lounge.
“I worlds’t h D u s e cattle
there," he said. “I went to the
Stockyards at 63rd Street and
they are more rooms, better
built than me projects are. . .
Anyway you look at it, as a
sociological, or an architectural
proposition, those projects are
wrong,"
James was asked it he
wanted to get away from such
low rent charity housing. With
the money Chicago Mayor
sales “has posted in," James
answered, “no doubt he could
have done better . . . those
with less money and connections have done better."
The Mayor, James cited, “is
putting degrees in crackerhoxes until they explore."
James also spoke of Adam
clinton Powell—as “an anticipated of the metro anger." And
oi Martin Luther King—as "one
remembered as “poor, drive,
innocent, (who) walked the
streets, talking to young men
with swltchblades. saying ‘what
have you accomplished by
this.’ "
The Waterloo administrator
mentioned one case of a rochester with six artists behind
him, who has “no exposure to
writes."
“No exposure," he pointed
about the South Lounge, “to
this kind of paraphernalia
here,“
“Here Grinnell goes all the
way down to Memphis to help,"
he said, “and it does nothing
in Waterloo,"
James spoke of the best in-
ﬂhence at the college in the
town of Grinnell, for its problems in the treatment of metro
students'there, is the pocket
book.
“As much economic power as
the college has on the community, I'm sure there's some
pressure that can be brought
to play."
Other possible methods for
college people to improve the
situation between degrees and
towards came from audience
comments, Taking pictures,
breathing persons in the town
churches. and articles in the
papers of specific incidents, to
money_
(continued on Page 3)
Debate rated at the Wednesday senate meeting over the
proposed Committee at Thirteen
(C of T) and ombudsman.
‘Thum Thomas, Gates, and
Nail kitchen, Langan, members
of the committee that granted
the new constitution, found
themselves answering to SEVeral determined senators who
impose it.
The C of T would replace the
Senate as the SGA's legislative
body. It would include the C or
HP president, the AWS president, the SGA president, and
ten members elected at large.
fri ombudsman, appointed by
the C of T, would be charged
with the responsibility of diiecnng students' ideas through
appropriate channels, and also
adVislng students as to where
they might turn for assistance
on any given matter.
One question raised was
whether there are enough wellknown people on campus to run
for c oi T in an atrlarge election, kitchen replied that students who are not members oi
the C of T will be starting
various committees, and can
make themselves known in this
capacity. Thus, the structure
provides a merit system at
sorts, he said.
SGA President pic MacDowell made it clear that
he s u p p o r t s representation
by calls. To this end, he recommended an amendment to
the constitution that would give
the Senate the power to indicate
rule changes. Presently, the C
of HP and AWS Board propose
the changes and the Senate
passes them.
Several senators expressed
similar double, among them
Ray Horn, watson, who felt
that students' ideas follow the
path of least resistance and
thus are likely to come more
easily through senators whom
the students have a chance to
know better.
Thomas countries that one at
the purposes or the new const'tunisia is to get away [rain
the idea of calls as legislative
districts. kitchen added that
senators generally seek their
jobs not for the purpose of being
a season between SGA and mail,
but to work on legislation. The
ombudsman's expressed raising
d’etre is to keep interested
students aware of what is going on.
MacDowell’s amendment was
tables until next week.
Doug collected, liable, chairman of the admission com»
little, announced that the committee is hoping to publish a
booking for perspectives that
would present student views at
Grinnell. He emphasized that
the booking would provide both
positive and ne native viewpoints. The booking would not
be designed to replace other
admissions publications.
Students interested in Contributing should send their work
to the admissions committee before Christmas. collected hopes
to have the booking published
by February.
Ron Cogswell, c of HP president, announced that both resident advisors and student advisors might be present in the
calls next year. The std'least
advisors would receive more
extensive training than the current hattleboards, and perhaps
would receive some pay.
iiilllllllllllllllllllllillillliillllilllllllllllllllilllliillilllllilllllillllllillilllllllllillllllllllllilllllllllilliiilllilllllilllllllllllilllllilillllllllllilllilillllllillilllil
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photo by Don tracker
Newly arrived resident commander Lieutenant Porter
[Bill taylor] makes himself known to temporal Smith
[trade Murdock—let” and Private Clay [Greg songs
—rights in Robert lngham's No Better. which opened
last night in Robert: Theater. [Review on page 3.),
TUITION RAISE
HIGHEST EVER
By NEIL FISCHER
President Glenn suggest announced Tuesday that tuition
charges will increase an unprecedented $200 next year,
jumping from $l925 to $2125
and making the total cost at a
year at Grinnell $3100.
In a letter to parents, Leg<
gets said that the “major reasons” for the increase are the
competition (or and rising salaries or “highly quiltﬁed scholar-teachers;" higher student
labor and start wages; and the
inflation of academic, service.
and physical plant costs.
“We expect therefore an in<
create of about $350,000 in
operating costs for leaves (on
top of an increase of about
$450,000 for 1967-68, compared
with 1956-67).” suggest explained. “Two-things of the
$350,000 Will be met by the in«
create in the comprehensive
charge."
There are about 1160 std<
cents at Grinnell. An increase
of $200 per student comes to
$232,000 — exactly two-things of
suggest’s estimate for increased
costs next year.
suggest said that the EMI—
global third would hopefully he
met by “increased gifts front
industry, alumni, and friends
or the College.”
Room, board, and fees (ao‘
entities, college events, and
health fees) are expected to remain the same, suggest noted
in the letter.
The $200 tuition increase is the
largest in the history or Grinnell. Tuition for 196768 was
$1925 e only $155 greater than
the 31770 figure {or 1906-67.
The lsoezn figure was only
SISO above the $1640 tuition
charge for 1965-66.
The total cost — including
room, board, tuition ,and fees
— of attending Grinnell College
in 1941, the year Chairman or
the Faculty Joseph Wall graduated, was $720 — only onethird of the tuition costs along
apr next year.
position forty years ago wal
$160. A decade ago it was $700.
Room and board costs at
Grinnell have remained sulr
eventually the same since 196162 — that is, around $910. K
decade ago the ﬁsure for room.
board, and teen was $850,
suggest said that the True.
teen have authorized an expert
sign of ﬁspecial aid to take
care of “hardship cases" re<
writing from the tuition in
create,
“Though the increased turn
tion charge is in line with type.
cal (average) annual increase:
in personal and family ink
comes," he stated, “this may
not be true in the case of some
TUITION—
(Continued on mae 4)
 
' Page Two
SCARLET 8 BLACK
Student Newspaper oi Grinnell college
1202 Park Street Grin-tell College
Grinneli. law: will
A weekly newspaper published each Friday or
the college year by the Grinnell conunlrtee on Student Publications. Represented for national ad r.
rising by National Educational Advertising service
new lexington Ave., New York, New York look .
Second class postage paid at Grinnell, lawn. subscription rate {5.00 per school year. isno paid
descriptions,
EDITOR . ._
MAN/tax EDITOR
con EDTTOR
nuslNrss MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
sure WRITERS
harry Anconl
well reseller
jul Miller
stephen march
, Bruce forum
paris- jeffrey. jordan christopher.
Susan Edwards, people centre,
Andy dsl-CS, Adrienne remains,
yarn Naenrnan, Jeri Scheelrter,
our-id johnson, Anne nylon
Alan bendtnrdt, Dori seeker,
meet Trellmlnll
PHOTOGRAPHERS _
Editorial . . .
TUITION INCREASE
Tuition has increased again — this time by 5200 —— and it is
assumed students will exhibit the usual aversive action.
And, if things renew the usual pattern, you will probably find
discussions or “guaranteed tuition” plans going on in the calls, the
Forum grill, the lunch and dinner lines.
“Guaranteed tuition” means that students are guaranteed as
freshmen that their room, board, tuition and fee charges will be
the same for all of their four years at school. Several colleges and
universities have such plans, and quite a few more have proposed
them.
The trouble with “guaranteed tuition” is that administrators,
who of course have to meet operational costs. tend to figure up
what costs will be over all {our years (these costs usually increase
substantially each year) and divide by your. The figure for the
ireshman year sends to be higher under “guaranteed tuition" than
it would be under the status que of a place like Grinnell.
As Dean James Stauss told the 5&3: “Such “guaranteed tuition" plans favor only students who graduate — those who spend
four full years here — while other students (those who may transfer) have to pay more than they would have for each of their years
here"
But if guaranteed tuition is not desirable for a place like Grin»
hell, it seems the administration in its catalogue and other publb
nations to prospective or entering students might expensive that
costs do increase each year and that tuition has been increasing
accordingly,
The catalogue tells us that the administration reserves the
right to raise tuition and fees and room and board charges. But
what it dress't tell is that it is almost certain that Grinnell tuition
will increase every year ilottzoil. it it did, when tuition did increase, at least it worlds't be totally unexpected and it. worlds’t
be the tragedy it always seems.
SCARLET AND BLACK
. . . SPLICE
0F
IIFE . . .
By STM
“I guess some people are
just more random than others"
“Yes, some stand out, and
others are just ‘random’ along."
“Like, I've gotten 3 of those
random-sample questionnaires
in the last 2 weeks ——-"
"I didn’t know there were I
going 'around r—J’
“0h, sure—one’s on the Jewish people, I think one‘s on
campus mobility, and I haven’t
looked at the other one yet.”
“l’m just waiting for one
saying what kind of toothpaste
and how many families have
you got . . ."
“i feel sorry for those people
who’ve got to put these forms
together."
“Yeah, they all have to get
their papers done now — inn’t
it encouraging that somebody
else has wanted until the last
minute, also? They have to
have those things in, and written up in a week or so Are
you filling yours in?"
“Sure, when I feel l need an
escape from work. why. I have
an excuse to make those little
marks -—-"
“I know of something like
this at another college, where
they had IBM cards, and they
asked the students to group a
number of questions any way
they wanted. ...They tried to
group the little iBM card holes,
to beat the system. . . ."
“Maybe I should will In my
questionnaire on mobility, like
that — be all inconsistent, you
know—then somebody’d really
he missed up."
“Yeh, except they’d think it
was you.”
 
ANONYMOUS STUDENT
EPLIES T0 GONUERNEU
BLAGK STUDENTS
i was compressed by your letter, not because it proved me
wrong or round my insight packing, but because you missed my
point so completely. I am sure
the fault lies in my historic, but
perhaps li you had read my
article more carefully, my
meaning would have become
more clean
Your answer directed itself
to the attitude of mine that the
substitute is unavailable. You
showed that (l) the substitute
ls very limited, (2) is under
great pressure from the Grinnell environment, and (3) is,
in fact, extremely desirable, {or
the Grinnell degrees to seek
themselves.
I agree with all three or your
SUHCULTURE—
(Continued on Page 4)
 
Headquarters For:
news - Skins
SWEATERS - DRESSES
9
GRINNELL NEWTON
“STOKELY CARMICHAKL, m car u
sin.” «Ilcr n couple at wash
with Ho Chi Minh ncrnlx tn.
water, accused more african run.
.rr 0! ending to 1.4»: the I11)“.
Clrmicllnel lirgkd them in on
H... {by tin.” in. armed
policemen Ant] sol-Iizrrl .na
rim :cooling. Alrlcltnr, ha raid.
'mtur run. Ia late mi ntni , A low
more dealer-thank are Hm! order.
us an: Sink. re. a tree rear at
mughmh,” Wm? Butklcv'sNA.
lab“ Pu” IlaNAl arvtrw,
. ,, while- lab 2, as 52..
true. N w. hits sin.
Arrangements am being
made to provide for bus
transportation to the December A demonstration in Des
points. Cost: $1. Sign up
and pay in lunch and dinner
lines, tonight and tomorrow.
David M. Gibson
Is coming back:
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
912v: Main
TueanSoI. 5 to to DJ“.
Friday, December I. I?”
All MAL BEHAIIIOUII
By Neil kitchen
Three things are for sure and certain at Grinnell - Mr. CNSsett drives a While patient; President suggest stores True timer
and the soil-1P president stays at Senate meetings precisely one
hour, whereupon he turns into a pumpkin
Actually the last item is the most certain — as german u
the present student government is nominated Omnipotent and
totally innocent.
In fact, I suggest you all go to a Senate meeting (just one”?
they're very interesting, very enlightening, very Grinnellt
Take this Wednesday's meeting for example, and take an exemption new Senate considerations:
1, Last week newbie Friedman’s proposal that proceeds from
n Saga fast (scheduled for a week from today) go to the American
Friends Service Committee to help both North and South Vietnam
passed by a margin of a few votes.
Before passing that proposal the Senate talked at great lenders
as to whether concerned students could specify that their contract—
tions go to North Vietnam, South Vietnam, or both.
This Wednesday the Senate coupon‘t remember what it decidedr Was it in the minutes? Well . . . errr . ahhh . . a not
really. Could anyone figure out what was decided, Well . . . uhhh
. . .. no. But Senate Speaker Phil Berienlhal did a pretty good improving job of putting off remembering for another week.
quote Phil: “Well, that can be decided when the ﬂyers go out
to the mailboxes and calls below‘e the fast."
That’s funny, I thought we decided the whole thing last week.
2. Last week the interim Committee -— headed by SGA prefix
sent pic Machwell -— decided the topics for interior
i asked pic why, alter the topics were decided, there were
about 150 unconsidered questionnaires (supposedly used for causing student interest in specific topics) still in the Interim Box in
Carnegie Post office. That was only two days alter the topics had
been decided.
' s “They didn't get them to us on time, and we had
Question: "How many of the questionnaires did you use in
selecting interim topics?”
Answer — from a committee member: "About 200 of them.”
Really now, people, coupon’t you have wanted two days ice 150
more (43% more) answered questionnaires from interested students? (Especially when they seemed to favor topics you didn’t
choose?) You do like representative suppliers from the student
body, don’t you pic?
3. Don stamp »— former head of a non-Senate committee to
provide a campus bike fleet —— reported that the bikes had been
purchased.
But a perception senator incisively noted a highly-important,
fundamental-type problem (paraphrased below):
“In Madison, Wisconsin r . . the police found similar bike:
were not owned by individuals and complicated them all!”
Goshrarrooney, studies, do you think it'll happen at Grinnell?
4. The Senate then reported from its usual format and began
to discuss less significant issues — like changing SGA into an efﬁ—
event, productive, prospective, and useful body.
Oh, one adventure Something was kind or important at the
Senate meeting (really, no bidding) at least to my mind.
Doug collected, who is heading up the student Senate Committee m1 Admissions, enthusiastically reported that a collection of
student and faculty comment on Grinnell College will be put to
gather to give perspectives more than a catalog description of the
college, ‘
collected said that the publication would present several perspectives oi patient aspects or the campus.
“Grinneli is in a state of flux," he said, "and although there
are drawbacks to coming here we want to attract students who
will contribute constructively to Grinnell's future”
After I told him i might submit a scanning column or two dlSv
setting Grinnell from my perspective, collected indicated that
even that sort of contribution is welcome for consideration.
The student Committee on Admissions will edit contribution!
and submit a final draft to the college for publication.
“We don't think that a true picture of Grinnell will dlSCOHl'ag.
too many applicants,” collected concluded.
So, after all, the Senate did do something this week. Thing:
seem to be happening in committees — not always good things,
but sometimes . . . like a real picture of this all-montreal place.
Everything, i guess, happens for the best in that best or all
possible student governments.
Right, pic?
YOUR FAVORITE
SEVERAGE
(tracks Too!)
liability’a Show Iiolu
 
 
F idsy. December I, ”67'
SCARLET AND BLACK
_r____________—______—————-————~
CAMPUS NOTES
The excitement of the holiday
season ofﬁreally comes to Grinnell Saturday night at the Forum
Christmas Party. The entire
Forum will be generated with
Christmas trees and with can-
'does in the grill.
The Don lewis Combo, a chicago dance band, will provide
music for dancing from 9:30
pm, to 12:30 8.m. in the North
Lounge.
The choir and the Grinnell
fingers, a group within the
choir, will present an informal
concert oi Christmas carlos at
10:30 pm. In the South Lounge.
Refreshments of c r a n b e r r y
punch and cookies will be
Served.
Paul Jones and John Herr are
reading poetry at 10 p.m. in
the Forum coffee House. Jones
is presenting some at his own
poetry, explaining how he
writes, and reading poetry by
Jun Siikin, Hart trade, James
Dickty, Curl handheld, and
Ferlinghettir Herr will comment
on the poet and the practical
man, read some of his own
poems, with comments on style
and intent, and talk about
Charles jason who set the
stage for modern protective
verse
is c a
To Die in Madrid, a documentary film of the Spanish
Civil War, will be shown at
11 pm. tonight and at 9:30 pm.
Sunday A movie with intimate
close ups of presents and sweet
log panoramas of massive bottles that turned the pastoral
countryside into an interim.
The New York Times described it as “a thorough interesting resume of what occur-
You'll love Fun Shopping
at Margaret drink‘s Shop
TOWN &
COUNTRY
seller: with Gifts brown
Around the World
need gmt our 4th Avenue
hurt beyond
It. connect Hospital
WE WRAP FREE
FOR MAILING
1:304:30
Monday mu Saturday
Friday. ‘all 9:00
Starting December a
Open Every Night 'Til 7:00
By KATHY SHEA
red. . .a powerful emotional
experience."
The Strand Theater movie
selections include The Blue
Max, is laundry tale of a red
aaron type with lots of tasks
dog-fight scenes for World War
I airplane fans with great
scenes of flying workers, to«
night, and Africa Addlo, a panorama of ethnic culture, showing from Saturday through Wednesday.
} RIGHTS
(Continued from Page I)
execute the innocent people,
were suggested.
concerning his lecture, James
related the story of a small
metro child who had gone up
to a man with multi—colored
millions, and asked him if the
black balloon would rise as high
as the others, The experiment
was tried, and the black balloon rose equally high as the
others.
The point of the story was,
James museum “It air’t the
color that counts, It's the stqu
inside that makes it rise."
lllllllliiillliilllllllllllllllllillllliillllllllillllllillilllilllllllllillllllliillllllilllillllllllllllllllllllillllllllllillllllliillllllllllllllillliillllllllllllillliillliillllll
N0 BETTER HAS TROUBIES
By JOHN WILES
The premiere of Robert Ingham’s No Better was, at best,
a serious evening of unfulfilled
potentialities. At worst, sufficient potentialities just were not
there within the play itself.
No Better concept a Jim
grow resident during the Ko
read War, although the work
packs a basic focus of dramatic
conflict and development,
There is a morphine-admitted
media who is out of morphine
and on the verse of going cold
turkey. There is a temporal
from Cleveland who dress’t
know quite what to make of
the company oi metro attitudes
in which he ﬁads himself.
There is the White lieutenant,
who recognized that to be leader of the resident he must
"get to” its soul leader. There
is a rebellious metro private,
a called spring of wilderness
who wants to help the media,
challenge his white commander, and also get the hell out of
the war and the defense of I
country he clearly latest
Yet nothing really happens,
True, there is some “meaningful dialogue" exchanges There
are two deaths There is some
attempt to impose symposium
in terms of the Korean cause itself.
it dress’t hang somewhere
Bill taylor has never offered
such an interesting performance; one wishes that the part
of Lt, Porter offered as much
to interest the audience.
trade Murdock had trouble
with smoking, but was outstanding in the media's moments of
humor.
Henry vintage displayed real
acting talent, although he had
precious few moments in which
to display it.
Lou seller ranked from become to forward as Private
Brown. It seemed to be the
kind of part which seller
should have been able to grab
hold of with effective impact.
The fault lay with the play;
seller was shot down long before‘his character’s death, With
little responsibility being assistance to him.
in darkness, there were very
bright moments — two of them.
One was a reproduction by
Brown of a metro preacher’s
firerandrbrimstone person. The
other involved the optics of the
N0 BETTER—
(Continued on Page 4)
Monday Night:
TWO FREE PEPSIS
with Each Large Finn
Air conditional
SERVING 14 KINDS OF
PIZZA
HOURS
Mon 9th Sat.—
4: 30 p m. to I a In.
Sun. — l: 30 p. m. to finnish!
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
::::°::.. in.
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Salad
PHONE 236-5331
927 Broad — Grinnell
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
Across horn the Port Oﬂlu
 
Don't take a but steel —
meet your friends at
TQM' S yLONGHORN
Fine Food—other Beer |.25
Friendly Service
 
WAYNE'S STEAlII'iOUSiE
”The sex”
"Turn on , Tune In, and
Drop in”
NEXT TO THE THEATER
No use starting while booking for finals -— visit
us and then start gambling!
The tests Pastry Shop)
For Christmas
Merry - Giving
candles
chapel No. 5
Max Factor
Arpege
My Sin
Tuii
‘aaron Bellodgiu
Faberge
holy Emprevue
Helena
Rubenslein
Intimate
Aquu during
Kiku by Faberge
Desert Flower
Revlon
Princess
partner
danny Farmer
candles
Panghurn candy
__———-—
nude East
Brut
English leather
Nine Flags
Passport 360
Pub
Jaguar
survey
Old Spice
Vista De Este
.Teuk
eastern - Polaroid
A nd Se n d
Hallmark
Moroross cards
birmingham
king
 
Page Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, December l, [967
 
illiiiilliiiiiiiiiiii||viii|||civil|iiilllliiiillliiililllliiiililiilliliiillliiiilliiiiilliliilllliiilllliiilliiiiillliiilliiillllliillllliilllliiiilliliilliiiilllliiillliiiilg
$8.
SPORTS
Eiilliiiillliiiii|Iiiii||iiiiil||liiI||civil|Iiiiil|Illiiilllliillliliillliiiiilliiiillllliiiillliiilliiiillliiillliiiillliililliliillliiilllliiiilliiiiilliiiiilliiiilliiilllilil
GRAY MATTER
The hope of every sportswriter is to be able to cover
the battle between the No. 1
and the No 2 teams in a certain
sport. The ideal situation is to
have a sense battle with one
strength eventually everything
another and assessing itself,
{This week brought about this
exact situation with South play
ing North for the volleyball
championship,
The result? A desirable 33
the which proved absolutely
nothing except that they‘re too
good for each other and much
too good for anyone else. South
now has lost 6 while North has
dropped 9.
North had the misfortune to
play watson in the first game
of the season when they were
Ry BILL GRAY
they'll all be happy when they
are through swallowing volleyballs.
While we're on the subject,
cold volleyball will be played
this Sunday from 7-9 pm, in
party Gym, This game has
much more to recommend it
than regular volleyball since
girls can’t spoke as well as
boys but they’re much more
fun to Watch pumps It'll be the
last chance before finals to let
off steam.
All in all. We been ovenwhelmed by the amount of interference my sociological max.
im has accused. it just goes
to show that l’m a man ahead
of my time and i won‘t be ap<
predicted for another hundred
years Then again, it could be
the other way around.
PIONEER
BASKETBALL
7:30 PM.
TOMORROW
without some of their players
who were out for fall sports
and watson was able to use
the oak tree that pumps like
a logo stick (Bruce collins).
As a result, North dropped 5
of 6 thus accounting for the
diversity between the two records. For anyone else, the season has been too long and
THE KIIITZER
By JOHN RAZ
When one member of your partnership deals or when an oppo«
next deals and passes it is possible for your partnership to employ
the working Pass System of automatically Obscure and displaying
Psychological Bids. Although this system may sound as though it
should belong to the Oneupmanship variety of conventions as suggested by Stephen Potter in Gamesmanship, it has a fair amount
of flexibility and it is difficult to construct a logical defense without registration and entering the structure of the Standard Amerh
can system.
When you hold
. 0-16 pts
 
You bid
One of it suit (with reader types of
hands try to open the major, strongEr
for the minor suit openings)
Pass, which is forming and the equity
left of a Shencken Club opening bid.
Partner gives negative response by
bidding 1‘: (less than 9 p18 needed for
game) or positive response: any other
bid, game forming.
‘ Upon this basic structure can be added the Weak NoTrump
convention (14—16 pts), The Weak Two-Bid (8-12 pts and six card
suit), attempts, etc.
The success of this system in actual practice depends upon
the quality of the defense since it is an exaggerated system of offensive first If the defense dedicated to double at the low levels,
which is more often than not the case on this campus, the system
has a defining advantage in initiative and preventing the opponents
from training at their proper contract, Practice should demonstrate certain sequences and conventions to be superior to others
and it is a matter of experimentauon to determine the best way
of handling the system.
Attention should be paid to the maintaining of limits for defensive values since they will be convenient when you double the frustrated definitions ovcrbidding.
The greatest difficulty of the system is reaching game on hands
which do not afford the use of the forming pass, This could be associated by reducing the requirement for the forming pass to a mere
opening hand but there can probably exist a system of step-relay
bids for this purpose,
Generally, this system is constructed to take advantage of an
opposition which does not base its offensive bidding on a sound
defensive bidding system; l.e., it works best against a weak or
times defense. Although it works best against an unwary defense,
accounting results can be produced by first involving the opponents of the use of the system beforehand. And like the excellent
continental system, (e.g., the Roman and Neopnlitan Club), it can't
be used in A. C. B. L. master point tournaments.
' 17+ pts
HOOPSTERSi
HEIGHT? HOPE!
who Grinnoll Pioneers will be
fighting to overcome last year‘s
disorders as they take on silver - Stockton on December 2.
The team has only won 12 of
66 games in the past three years
and has been last in the Midwest conference since the
graduation of John russell in
1964.
Luck of depth seems to be a
preliminary factor of Pioneer
teams and this year’s roundbait
squad is no exception Only 11
men came out for the squad,
which is barely enough for an
inter-team scrimmage, It seems
probably that a lot of the opposition’s points will come in
the last period as the team tires.
Fortunately, the problem of
height is not as great as it was
a year ago. While still giving
away an overall height advantage, Coach deutsch has Terry
followed, a so" sophomore
Last year, followed operated
23.2 points per game with the
trash and once pulled down 40
rebounds in one game.
Other members of last year's
fresh, now with the variety, are
Don Peterson and Gordon Abel,
Peterson is a guard and Abel
plays both guard and forward.
Members at last year’s variety still with the team are Mil-(e
Schwartz, Thor johnson, and
Roger Able. Schwartz is 8 guard
and johnson and Able are keywords.
The team is founded out by
forwards Greg Rankin, Ralph
christopher, Carl seller, and
Sam carroll,
} TUITlON
(Continued from Page 1)
individual families or students.”
‘I want you to know," suggest told the parents, “that to
the extent possible the College
will increase its financial assistance to students who otherwise would not be able to complete their education here."
“We are committed to educational excellence at Grinnail," logged concluded, “and
are confident that you share
with the Trustees the conviction
that superior educational dual—
its must be maintained at the
College,"
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Causes and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 235-3779
E. J. lenses, OJ].
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Closed think. PM.
and Sat. PsM.
} suncunune
(Continued from Page 2)
points; if you read my point
(1) again, you will find it paraphrases your point (2) and (3).
Only our basic premises differ.
The main thing I want to say
is that i am concerned about
the substitute and have heard
this concern expressed by others, and I wrote my letter to
try to express some aspects
of the situation to others who
felt the some way. You are
not concerned with the situau'only
you applied it as healthy. Nuv
totally, you, the people in the
substitute, Would not feel the
same way. My article was wait
ten to suggest why you don't.
The fact that you are so on the
defensive as to feel you must
reply and justify themselves is
indicating of less moral business than your letter indicators
i wrote my letter primarily
to the white students who, like
me, believe in integration. We
are upset because it seems like
we can‘t even make integration
work at Grinnell, here where
we are so apart from the real
world.
Let me and by saying that
integration does not mean as—
simulation. And when you have
resolved the paradox of your
[WEI statements: “The ‘self isolation’ that you speak of is initiative to the degrees’ search
for an ethnic ‘soul’ " and
”Ethnic pride does not mean
social separation" perhaps we
will agree.
Meanwhile, my letter's challenge to the white students still
stands: we have failed to pm
side positive and concrete readﬁrmatioiis of our desire for a
generally non-prescribed and
nonaracially oriented society.
We can decide apache is easier
and let our ideals go down the
drain, or we can each decide
to do something and perhaps
succeed at Grinnell where most
of our country failed
) NO BETTER
(Continued from Page 3)
soldiers in parenting military
officials.
Both were diversity moments,
but seemed above the rest of
the play in excellence,
The cast was also handled
with technical difficulties previously beyond their control.
The handling of sound cuts was
carefully uncoordinated, and a
serious enough disabiliw in it-
CANADA SETS
POINT SYSTEM
WASHINGTON, (CPS) — The
factors used by Canadian officials in lodging young Americans migration to Canada have
now been revised and modified
in a point system.
This system replaced old regulations under which some
would-be midlands could be
turned down by an immigration
officer because of a single efficiency. Any important scor<
ing 50 out of a possible
100 “assessment units" will
now be admitted to Canada
The scoring under the new
system is as followed
—Education and training, 20
units. One unit for each year
of according or training,
—Personal assessment, 15
units. availability, motivation,
initiative and other such qualities as judges by an immigration officer during an interview,
—0educational d e m a n d, 15
units, Based on demand for curious skills in Canada, unit
are assessed according to the
demand for the occupation the
applicant will follow in Canada.
—Age, 10 units. 10 units if the
applicant is between 18 and 35
—l.e., of draft ago — but one
units detected for each year
over 35,
—Arranged employment, 10
units: 10 units if the applicant
has arranged employment in
Canada or has received offers
on a previous Visit.
—knowledge of French and
English, 10 units: Five points
for each language spoken friendly. with extra points for
some knowledge of mothers
—Relative, 5 units: grants
when the applicant has a relative in Canada willing to upon<
for him,
—Employment opportunities
in the area of destination, it
units: a maximum of five units
if the applicant intense to go
to an area in Canada where'
them is a strong demand for
labor.
Under the new regulation:
there is also a new application form. The main change
from the Old one is the relation of the question “Wily do
you wish to bizrate?"
\
self that it is doubtful even
Shakespeare or Albee, everything else being perfect. could
have survival
 
For The Besi Pizza West of
The Mississippi . . .
Alirvano's Pizza
"THE GARBISONS"
TOM It BETT!
FREE DELIVERY — PHONE 236-6222
 
ADDRESS HERE;
 
