THE GRINNELL REPORTER
 
Vol. 74
Grinnell College. erinnell, lewa SOIIZ. Friday, April 29, m7
No. 21
 
Folkdcrnce concert tonight—
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FRESHMAN FOLK DANCER AI Wallerstedt leads one of six lines or
banners during a dress rehearsal of the creation "Trescenica." Forming Al’s line are, from I. to r., Jane made. rat Bridgham, carb ouhl.
Susan managers. and sue Shimp. The first or two periorrnaneea er the
.thirty annual Folk Dance program will be given tonight at 7 pin. in Rb-
best. Theatre lrae story on page 6).
photo by Susan xaescr
 
Campus radio station
to operate next fall
by Mary calcium
Pending financing and administrative approval, the Grinnell radio station will set up its equipment this spring
and begin broadcasting in the tall, according to Babak Arntajaitl, manager of
the embryonic station.
Arnlajani will have a functioning state
of over 50 people by the ettd of next
week. SGA will subscribe the radio station. Armajani said a college general—
for has pleased to match a fund drive
if additional money is needed. After the
Work on the proposed college radio
station will be delayed for several
weeks until a FCC broadcasting license ls received from the district
office in Minneapolis.
initial installation costs, Armajani estimates the minimal yearly cost for say<
areas, maintenance and growth at
$1000.
The station will be registered with the
_FCC as an educational FM station. Armajani explained that FM provides
higher quality sound, “so that we can
broadcast classical music without feeling guilty about it," and is less expensive and complicated to operate.
Since the idea of the radio Station
began two years ago with Armajani and
contact with other college stations, organizations and services providing programs, record companies, and the FCC.
The radio project was "adopted” by
a senate committee folder the Kent ad
registration. Present SGA president
llc MacDowell appointed Armajani station manager. Armajani appointed Cloud
personnel manager.
Armajani sees the radio station a laboratory for students at the social
sciences. The Station will provide opportunities for large numbers oi people
in journalism through news broadcast-
[big and editing. It will other opportullities in speech, business administration,
personnel work, and creative programming. The Station will subscribe to the
UPI teletype Service and handle nationAl and international as well as campus
See RADIO STATION on Page 5
Senate rebates Initiative
Fund. evolution of Riot
By Andy Isaacs
Senate controversy centered this week
around the initiative fund, the actions
of the college paper and “Spring Riot".
The resolution favorite the english<
ment of “Spring Riot" was designed
to spare discussion among the students.
Senators detected a motion to establish
a committee on the root, preventing to
discuss the matter as a body. Hoping
students would be more likely to ex<
press ideas to their individual senators
if a defining motion were made, the
Senate brought the motion to the floor
for discussion and tables it until next
week to again student reaction.
Senators generally seemed to agree
that “Spring Riot” had little to recommend itself. Ray Horn and service
TePaske expressed the belief that few
people really enjoy the root, while Mike
Pill suggested that setting aside one
Special day for letting loose tender to
create social pressure to confirm to
See SENATE on Page 5
5 Convicte ; excel I
FCSA, Dect ns to review
Interim Court’s action
By Richard SchneirOV
Tuesday night the Interim Court convicted seniors James Stuart. Ken
Adelntan, James Drasdo, and seniors
Barry members and Dale losses oi
disorderly conduct during “Spring Riot.”
The court recommended that James
Stuart be expected from the college.
They also recommended social expansion
for Drasdo, and sherman, and that they
not be allowed to participate in grad.
nation exercises. Social expansion means
that the students involved would have
to leave the college campus by water<
day, April 29, and take their Senior
Comprehensive exams off campus.
It was recommended that passed be
given social expansion and conduct
promotion for next semester and that
members also he put on conduct promotion.
The Faculty Committee on Student
Affairs, with the means sitting in as
advisors, will shortly consider the recommendations of the court and appeal:
by the time dependence.
The case involved charges by David
wilson and Adrienne commons that the
five Cowles Hall members expressed
them with water millions and eggs
during ”Spring Riot.” The specific de
fails of the case were released to the
college community in a letter printed
in the Reporter last week signed by
both wilson and Miss Lemn‘long.
in lodging the case members at the
court relief not only on evidence ob—
gained during “Spring Riot” but also
on past actions.
Witnesses certified to a “sick society"
in Cowles Hall. Rick Sprott, former
president of Cowles certified that a
“wilson hate campaign has been going
on intermittently for the last three years
and that nearly everybody in Cowles
has been involved in it at one time
or another.” He laid the blame on a
small group or approximately ten people
with James Stuart as the main influence.
Sprott went on to say, “This cannon be handled a: one incident. It can
only be looked at as a larger problem.
There has been at complete lack of
respect for people in the Cowles community. . . it has gone beyond the
pointer fun."
He described how some students three
Water millions at visitors and at delivery boys from nirvana’s Pizza, how
paper clips were used to jam doorsn
how students anonymously headphones
girls on South Campus to make dates
for other hall members; how doors were
turned down and reached in as “thanks”
and how certain members at the hall
were held up to ridicule.
He also told of the harassment of
girls who Came to the hall. “I'VE had
several girls who came into my room
in tears because of this.u
Spmtt related how he tried to control
the situation through times, personal
conferences, consultation with resident
advisors, from other calls, Kenneth
christianity, faculty advisor to bowlés,
and finally Dean 3. Eugene Thompson.
Dr. christianity (biology) Spoke at
the hearing backing up previous testimony. He described Cowles Hall as
having a "maria”-like atmosphere —‘ot
vendetta - where people are afraid
to testing, The hall system in Cowles
has been totally unable to deal with
the problem."
A petition signed by 33 members at
Cowles Hall focusing the live defendant!
was also submitted as evidence. oil<
non said that earlier he had been will
line to settle for a public biology but
that many of the petition winners had
asked for a public hiring of the case,
In R statement to the court. wilson
asked for penalties of conduct pro<
See PENALTIES on Page I
ilillllllllllllillllllIlllllllllllllllllllllIIllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllu
Art prizes awarded
Seven students were awarded prizes
in Grinnell‘s 1967 Inez merely and
cleaner Memorial art competition.
Sharing the merely Prize for paint<
ing were: Thomas Y. J, oak, india
Beach and Nancy McCannort.
The cleaner Memorial Prizes for
creative arts were given to: party
horizon, Elizabeth Craig, and David
Gibson for jewelry, and Connie Simon
for drawings, structures and prints,
Thor johnson, Linda which, Robert.
Smith, and Carl sense received renewable mention for their works.
ilIIllllllllllIIlllllllllIIllllllllllllllllilillilllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllillIIllllIIllllllllllllllllm
 
THE TOWN war
caught by surprise
last Monday when
a rather improving "parade” or
channels students
wound its way
through the downtown streets under police escort.
The parade had no
name nor stated
purpose other
than "just fun".
According to reliable sources. the
event was organ.
fred by Jim Arietl
anal Dave Gibson;
 
 
 
 
Photo by Susan Keen:
 
The Gilrmell REPORTER
 
Page Two
..
Editorials . . .
Does the penaltysolve the problem?
The Interim Court’s recommendation of expansion for James
“The grow”) Stewart and ”social expansion” for James (“Flush”)
radio, Ken sherman and Barry members is, we think, much too
severe and does little to remedy the opportunity social situation in
Cowles and some of the other men’s calls.
. A better penalty would have been that recommended by Dave
million ﬂ giving all the calendars “conduct promotion.” We hope
the Faculty Committee on Student Affairs will interface and enable
James Stewart to finish up his last three weeks and graduate from
Gl‘innell.
The problem raised by this case and by “Spring Riot" are
much deeper than Cowles “Zoo” and “The grow;" making ex-
naples of and removing some of the most specialty symptoms won‘t
solve them.
Doing our solo -
College newspaper states deal with a difficult group of readers.
If you work for a college paper, old journalistic “pros” will tell
you, “If you are not making them mad, you’re not doing your job."
Sometimes anger is the least of the reader’s statement against you;
more likely, the outside world concerned of you alternative as
children playing games or dangerous village clothing dark needs.
We take our role quite seriously though i a fact housing to some
» and have a defining idea of what we are trying to do. We
"cover” the news at Grinnell College, yes. But we believe that real
news at Grinnell reserves a great deal more than mere cataloguing
of facts. The usual calendar of events belongs on a calendar or but<
latin board, in mail boxes or, in the future perhaps, broadcast over
a college radio station. A college leadership and students writing
for the paper demand something weather anyway. Why take time,
space (always at a premium) and effort away from significant and
interesting topics.
At The Reporter, we consider one of our main functions to be
the story-behind-the-story. For this reason we kept asking questions
until we exposed the fire hazard of the locks on the women’s forms,
until we had analyzed other college’s tuition plans alongside Grinnell’s own and until we had evaluated the future of the theatre
department here.
In a close community such as ours a leadership is apt to be
very sensitive about what we print. But list the readily defensive
reader forget, the good "singing” reporter will have access to information not available to the public’at-large and, therefore, a
greater basis for evaluating and intervention such information.
Good "news analysis" is not taking “journalistic license” but rather places issues in meaningful perspective. Isolated “facts" are
often displaying when read out of their context. The better news
papers of today 7 i.e. The New York Times, The Washington Post
and The Christian Science Monitor — all make extensive use of
analysis and interpretation of news.
The student press must also raise relevant issues and assume
a “watching" france toward other segments of the college community. The paper is one of the few voices of student opinion in
a college like Grinnell where students have only very limited
power. One way The Reporter attempts to raise assumes is by making
space available for student, faculty and, hopefully, administration
views on various significant topics contracting the college. We
normally print all serious letters to the editor. Our coverage, editorials, and “letters to the editor” concerning “Spring Riot” have
especially helped to bring certain aspects of campus life out in
the open so they can be meaningfully discussed. Social rules, academic regulations and curriculum; the basic questions of what are
we doing with our education here, and why, are of great concern
to us. No, we don‘t think Grinnell is perfect as it stands now, but
we are trying to help it improve by stimulating discussion and
controversy.
But we don’t think campus issues should totally console
student interest either; bringing news and opinions from other
computer and student concerns is specially important in an isolated community like Grinnell College. The student newspaper has
unique resources and unique access to exploration of “the college
scene” and national issues of student concern. Whenever possible
We believe we must try to relate directly to Grinnell the crucial
issues contracting the U.S. and the world today.
 
The Grinnell Reporter
(formerly the charles & black)
Grinnell College
Grinnell, lawn SMIZ
A weekly newspaper published each Friday of
the college Year by me Grinnell Committee on Studull publication. Represented In: national addressing by National Advenlslng Service, inc, College
Publishers Representative, is Ensi sum Street, New
York 22, NY, second class postage paid in orlnncll,
Iowa, Subscription rule 35m per school year. line
bald subscriptions.
BPS
Memhu of on.
sollngim
In“ 5min
:unok ,
business manner:
EDITORIAL STAFF
__ Krystyna Ncumun
_ susan will
Harold jason, Phyllis Murray,
rnui Nmnnui, Rlcnm Schnelrov
,amy Annpna
rd Spcihmin
sroR'rs sniroR
Cory EDITOR
.henry Wilhelm
~ IE ‘r EI-HW
. A A \
Elliiiﬁiﬂ
Across:
1. Heroic 2pm. charter
tcnzed by long
lines: allen rebel» .Ptlzn (won) or,
ilvc and ln had Russian piece
taste. .nghust mount
. —down tax Huge (upon, or
. uninhibildd [relay sons)
. Center or lenvnlnp , wnni no SAGA
. B u u on . posters Worker ever gets
(soon) . Steven (5p)
. A. A. diane char— . leone Ind affected
um, slightly nllsV firewall, usualipcllcd ly said in pmupn of
. Whii is tell numdc we
the ivory tower . Another blood type
. A committee dedi- . hats
water! in our well~ . An amiciiun [tulbeing liniiinli) unit), usually plus
.blood type . Nepnhasicm nation
. One lock.) (lnltlala)
.ropula. Republican .7. an angel of the
(initials) Lord'
.A comment deal» .— Peter
ended Io nobody's panel] _
wellrhelng (initials) .— Lee
. Ml. Bucks' reported
pmllumcnlannn
Greek lcucr
Frldoy. Apr" 28, P767
. Pronoun
. Unit pi energy
, Nearviastem any
(two words)
.— cmwd
. What most people
are in Norm Lounge
at any kevin lime
. Occasions pi- must
vbulletin
Down:
LA French Man for
All Seasons
3. Spnmsh cheers
,l-‘pnnu home of
frame
. Article
. Let h Be —
, Phil *5
.Inltiall. whose
meaning i have yet
1:” figure out
. ymes sun -in me. Baby . .
(2 words)
.Angry, guiuul
. Peﬂneo
. description
.an - member or
Common Marker.
. Satisfactory
. my in holy
. or pi providing to
the who pi bonus
. magic _
. e-i and q'.
. The young revenue
countries
. Ami yd (Ruin-m
. Academic apple in
Iowa's eye
. consumpuon
. Min _
. Pregnancy test
. Border do.)
. Bears am.)
.Home or
mm.)
. When it's _
. lpsunci. oi mm
. Where —-s n:
surgeon
 
sellers . . .
To the Editor:
In the light of widespread student
dissatisfaction with last week's Cirill‘
null Reporter, we, as members of the
council of [house treatments, would
like to indicate some shortcomings of
the issue, and to suggest possible ave
nuts for improvement.
In its posts'pn as an official college
publication The Reporter should recognize and assume a responsibilty for accurate presentation of facts within the
context of a virtually investigated —
and indispensable — press freedom,
Since The Reporter has the power to
influence attitudes and action of memo
here of the college community, its staff
should recognize an obligation to use
this power constructively in promoting
rational discussion oi college issues.
Sensationalism, as evidenced by the
coverage of this year’s “Spring Riot
Night," is hardly conducted to nation-
.l discussion. Such extensive editorial»
using within news articles themselves
contributed in no way to “objective”
reporting and only happens productive
debate by clothing the issues and encouraging overly emotional reactions
and arguments.
Overemphasis on the lack of selfrrestraint and individual responsibility in
this incident certificates the images<
sign 7 and, we feel, ii is an erroneous
and 7 that our student body is unable
to template its affairs and conduct. We
suggest that in many such cases of reporting there is involved a discretion
of the magnitude of the situation which
encourages managing and incorrect expressions of actual situations.
We feel that there is defining merit
in the philosophy that a school news
paper might lead, earlier than merely
reﬂact, student opinion. At the same
nme, we feel that editorial commentary
should be expressed in a refined and
appropriate manner, and that the first
responsibility of any leader of opinion
is to present all sides and facts of any
issue with effectively and taste.
A second area of possible actual
improvement concerns the actual con<
tent at The Reporter. We recognize and
appreciate the value of dealing with
such topics oi student interest as the
Vietnam war, protest activities, and the
character and problems of other college
computer. However, it is our opinion
that in allocation space and emphasis
to the coverage oi these external issue:
and events, The Reporter has sometimes failed to maintain an adequate
and balanced coverage of local affairs
and areas of more directly Grinnell
oriented student concern.
Although these aforementioned subjects may be of worthwhile interest
and thus rate inclusion in The Reporter,
we think that Grinnell news and collegerrelated feature stories deserve
more attention and depth than have
been recorded them in recent issues or
The Reporter, Possible stories about the
radio station, the soccer team, and an
announcement by Dean centers were
reflected in the last issue; moreover,
student opinion might well have been
unlimited on significant matters at hand:
e. , Spring Riot Night, extensions of
op n forms privileges, the reactions to
elimination of women’s hours, etc.
We do not favor any form of newspaper membership and we realize that n
great deal of lime and genuine effort is
put into each issue of The Reporter.
We have found regrettable, however, a
lack at certain everything judgment
necessary lo the best determination of
story priorities and to the general reporting of event and issues. We would
very much like to see these suggestions
considered and realized in the form of
a more respected Grinnell Reporter.
Paul nice hill thank
Bill Fligeltaub Harry Ruth
Mel Thompson Tom Russell
Steve McDowell Ron Cogswell
Jolm files Roy Walker
Rich Weeks
Ed. Note:
The New York Peace March and nth»
er non-Grinnell activities were given
134 column inchs in the last issue as
compared to 380 inches of "Grinnell
news". Since this was a special 12 page
edition, it contained almost 100 inches
more "Grinnell news" than the total
See LETTERS on Page 4
 
Friday, April 25, I?“
The Grinnell REPORTER
 
Press insert's beat in Des points
By Jonathan Shows
Covering the tower State Capitol as
a reporting insert for United Press
International (UPI) was strictly an
"Alice in Wonderland" experience. It
was entertaining. threatening, and even
interesting at times.
The day starts when you try to get
past the little old man in the parking
lot. He's determined to park you off
somewhere with the “general public,"
whatever that is. And you just about
have to run the old dear over to speak
into the convenient spots reserved for
newsmen.
Then you wind your way up to the
press gallery. There the reporters, hungover but enthusiastic, are easily trying to star up some news. After all,
you've got to have something before that
10 a.m. deadline. If all else fails, you
can ask some nut about daylight savings time. ”ﬂhere': always a little old
lady around who will inside that it's
a Communist plot, or it's going to burn
her lawn.
You’ve got to muscle down to the
Governor's news conference shortly
thereafter, It‘s a cat and mouse game
that no one should miss. The Governor
tries his best to keep the reporters in
the dark. of course, sometimes he'll
speak “oil-ﬂtelecom'd" and toys out
some tidbit that has been common
knowledge for a month. And the re
posters? Well, they try to get a juice
(hopefully profile) violation—the subject dress’t matter much.
After that there’s the interview with
the chief of the Pottawattamie County
compliance Union; a cup of coffee:
a call from the downtown bureau ask<
log what the hell you've been doing
all morning; another cup of coffee; and
then you decide you'd better do a story
or your vast following will fall to see
your name in print in tomorrow’s papers.
So you glance at-a translator, who
then dishes badly over, various to
divorce anything which may get his
name in print. You present to he easily
taking notes as he specs forth every
thing he knows about anything. This
usually takes a few minutes. when he
finally runs out of breath, you ask
him to, please, call someone a dirty
name, enlarge the Pill, nr predict something about the war in Vietnam. A
bored smile will usually cause him
such arbitration that he’ll say something controversial. Even if it's just
another comment about what s.o.b.'s
journalists are.
All too soon you’ve got to race back
to Grinnell. Just enough time to grab
a links-burner on the way out of
town. But you have a moment to respect. And usually I think about what
a strange breed of cat is iowa now
moment, and how beautifully appropriate is its press coverage,
Page Three
iran/r assault case continues;
Des points poll e comment
iii John diane
Both the Iowa Civil libraries Union
and the Des points ChieictrPolice
commented during the past week on
the alleged assault of Lawrence Frank,
in Grinnell freshman.
Frank claims he was struck in the
lace during the Des points peace
march, April 15. He also claims two
policemen ignored him when he pressed
charges and that an affiliate political operated the a a s a i l a n t away
to somewhere besides the police station.
The governing board of the ICU],
according to former member, Grimeil
professor C. admin Gilmour (political
science), is examining evidence in the
case, The governing board will decide
shortly whether to support Frank In
legally pursuant the case.
Glimour also said he had been recovered to draft a statement which. if
approved by the Hill}, would be sent
to the folk County attorney and Des
points Chielol-Poiico protecting the reaction of two policemen and the nations of an affiliate political in the
alleged assault.
Des points police chief year V. Douglas replied this week to the charges
made by Frank in last week's Reporter.
 
LeMoyne students protest
Memphis police mortality
protecting what they turned increased police mortality, zoo LeMoyne C014
love students and 5 Grinneil exchange
students matched on the Memphis City
Hall earlier this month.
The April 3 march resulted from
the discussed of charges against two
city policemen who had reportedly rentals 21 year old LeMoyne student ClintDtl cameroon during an earlier incident.
cameroon was lighting a cigarette
when a police officer walked toward
him. According to cameroon. the political expected his cigarette to be
lighter also. When the student blow the
match out, the political~with the aid
of another officer—took him to a squad
car where they allegedly beat him.
One of the officers involved claimed
that cameroon made a motion as if
m strike him but missed. The day
later the march, April 4, charges of
disorderly conduct and resulting arrest
against the Lemoyne student were discuss-ed.
“We feel that it is incorrect upon
the City Commission to take imperial‘
motion towards the edition of an independent citizens' review board," come
center Dr. cisco Smith, Vice-Chairman
of the Memphis NAACP. ”The commit<
llun must provide lawAabiding citizens
of this community with the protection
they need from our police department."
“A police department investigation
complaints against itself," added Smith,
"is like a big brother investigation his
little brother. They come out clean
every time.”
} Penalties
(Continued from Page 1)
nation {or the five accused. “I don’t
think separation from the community
is an adequate answer to this problem."
Charles formerly, a Cowles Hall
member, stated, “expansion is a creek
and cowardly punishment because it
eliminates a person from society. in
this respect it is anonymous to capital
punishment.” ,
Four of the accused brought witnesses
Weekend Social Events
By Kathy Shea
Folk singing (other
Foiksinging principal priest, Father
Ian Mitchell, will be at Grinnell this
weekend to promote his rennaissanoo
in biological church music.
As a freelance priest and composer
of the “American Folk Song Mass",
Father Mitchell has taken his musical
dictionary work to cathedrals, night
clubs, and concert calls throughout this
country and the Far East in search
of concerts, He will appear at Ex Loco
parental tonight, the South Lounge at
9:45 p.m. tomorrow, and service Chap
31 Sunday at 11 p.m.
Year's son
Michael seats, son of poet W. B.
seats, professional music crisis and a
senator in the Irish Parliament, will
speak on “Music in the Work of WB.
seats" at 4 p.m. today,
His wife, trained seats, will M34
company herself on the Irish hard in
a concert of Irish dollars at 8 p.m.
tonight. Both events are in the youﬂl
Lounge of the Forum.
Forum Coffee House
Comedy and nature take the stage
tonight in the in p.m. coffee house
drama series. Anne Williams, Wayne
Stengel and Ken picks will perform
in Murray Schisgal's who artists and
Mark again's 1601.
ali Loco parental
Friday—
on P.M. — Foiksinger, Father ion
Mitchell ,
to court to testing for them. Ken Adei<
man, however, pleased guilty, and
stated, “I think all who participated
in it were assumed. It was a job
scene."
Later, at the end of the trial, the
other four dependence changed their
press to guilty and authorized.
members said, “I Wasn’t aware until now how seriously the other members of the hall took all this.”
Stuart said he was sorry and added
"I just want to brush up my three
weeks and graduate."
Saturday— ,.
10:30 PM. ~ Dru McConaughy and
Ann Kirschner
Sunday — ,
Open 10 A.M. — 5 P.M.
Tuesday— .
10:38 PM. — Poetry reading by
George M, Young
Piano decimal
Jean To waste presents her senior
piano decimal this Sunday at 8 p.m.
in Roberts Theatre.
Miss Te waste will play four numbers: Chopin‘s doctrine in B Major,
0p. 32, No. l: each's Third French suites‘
Brahms’ Intermezzo, Op. his, No. 63
and holland's Piano donate.
In reply to the charges of police
reaction, Douglas commented, “We ques<
signed merchant Buntz as to his actions
and he stated under the circumstances
he was confused as to who or why
you wanted anyone arrested." At the
time he spoke to the policemen his
mouth was bleeding.
To charges made by Frank that an
affiliate political, Russell having,
extended his authority, Douglas said,
“According to Mr. having it appeared
to him that the boy being pursuit was
about to be assembled by one or for‘
applicants.”
Douglas concluded, ”I am generally
sorry that you (Frank) experienced such
an incident in our city, but i am sure
you realize during concentrations at
this type emotions and pensions of
participants run extremely high. The
police department feels successful when
no serious injuries are indicated on any.
one."
YR'S name Jones president
Ed Jones was elected President M
Grinnell College Young Republican Club
for the school year 196771968 at the
club’s Annual Meeting Sunday, April 10.
Other newly elected club officers include: Mike Pill, Vice-President; garcia Still, Secretary; Richard Pierpont,
Treasurer; and Stan Wezelman, Canon
paint Manager.
Purse" gets NSF grant
Grinnell has been awarded an $8,300
research grant by the National science
Foundation, President Glenn Legget!
has announced,
The grant, for a two-year period box
winning June 1, 1961, is for research on
“Rings of Real Functions" by kyle E.
russell.
FOR SALE
SNlPI SAILIOAI: glass covered
non... keyword, Beautiful mahogany
dock: union fails. In excellent condo»
lion with so lh, board to ml.
minimum weight. $500.00. Trailer
available if desired. Frank Bl Amhrara, Nevada. iowa 5020i.
There in u motors company humor
running about that .YD's Restaurant
ll closing. Do you believe everything
heard in her room? wx» is not clan
iugl com to. {or youroou.
JD's Restaurant LIVES al 912% Main
 
Page Four
) Letters
(Continued from Page 2)
news content or a typical 8 pages, This
weeks issue is totally principal news.
We think previous 5&3'5 have very
much underground both what went on
during the Riot and the significance of
the Riot. tSec April 29, 1966 issue)
We do not consider our coverage oi
Spring Riot to be any more educational
than the Riot itself.
To the Editor: ‘
I was announced to ﬁnd not A word In
the college paper oi April 15 about the
distinguished lectures of the evident
For
year-round
Service see . . .
coiiulws
The earliest
salaries
In Town!
The Grinnoll REPORTER
__—__._—_______—_.—————.—~——
Dr. Ninian Smart, who presented the
annual Gntw lectures two weeks ago.
Again this week I searched the paper
in main for such a review. it the college
thinks enough oi a scholar to pay him
to cross the ocean to present his ideas,
should the called editors oi a school
paper ignore such an event? Or could
it he they didn't feel equal to the task?
I suggest that the editorial staff
take A look Within at their own deficiencies, rather than give the impression
of dissatisfaction with beautifully all
elements of Grinnell Illa: which impression I tear they are giving to
friends and alumni of Gr'innell: "managing its image," in current variance.
Remember Mother
With a Gift
of Music
Aﬂpartially em erpped
w. Alto erp for Mailing
lEEPER MUSIC CO.
nl non It.
We Have 72 Pairs of
PIERCED EARRINGS
Special s2.95 pr.
PIERCED EARRING BOX
Will Hold Your Entire Collection
Only $3.00
KRAMER JEWELRY
4th I: brand
Air Candltloned
SERVING H KINDS OF
PIZZA
HOURS:
Mon. tluu Sat. — 4 p.mr to l ”a.
Sun, — 4 pin. to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
WEDNESDAYS ONLY
saying team I pan. to 9 pm.
Spaghettl
$1 25
Salad
Garlic Bread
Cattle
EVERY MONDAY
2 Free Pepsi:
With Each Large Piuu
THINKING OF A PIZZA PARTY'I?
— CALL US FOR A BID —
PAGLIAI'S PIZZA
927 Brud—Grlnnell
Phone 136-5331
As a Grinnell alumni, mother oi
three alumnae, a class agent, and men)»
her oi the Alumni Council, 1 tool 1
have the right to speak up when my
removed Alma water is being suspected
to iii-considered and profile abuse. You
young people don’t realize how corporate you are to be here, with incl
freedom to sport oil dramatically. often
about initial issue. And now a defense
oi tour-letter words! Does good taste
have no meaning for you? Take a lesson from responsible adult journalism!
Another thing. it seems possible that
no change should be institutes, unless
it is an improvement, Why was the
tradition-rich charles and Black dis.
garden for the colorless and undistinguished Grinnell iicportcr, especially
since the newly-named sheet has failed
sexually to report Grinnell news? other
all, the Harvard thomson seems to feel
no' commission to change!
Yours for more responsible journalism,
Elsie ii. Hansen
Cleveland head resident
To the editors
Now 'you’ve printed two naughty
words. The Board oi Publications didn’t
wash your typewriters out with soap
and the Post office hash’t removed your
mailing privileges. i am, however,
deeply disappointed that you’ve been
satinﬁed with only two. Such an advancement certainly should have derived a larger editorial rather than the
mere inch or two it received.
1 can’t help but wonder how you managed to contain themselves in 12 page.
considering the relevance and newsworthiness oi the topics. I’ve cancelled
my subscription to the llcgistcr because i easily prefer the sensitive,
penetration, and comprehensive reporting oi national affairs found in the he
porter. Since my favorite section oi any
newspaper has always been the editor.
ill page, you can well understand my
disenchantment with the rochester which
contains only one editorial page, My
growing activity for the Reporter can
be viewed as a reaction against the
traditional separation between objective newSareporting and editorial opinion or news analysis. The Reporter is
unique in that you have achieved a
synthesis which emphasizes the latter
much to my gr ' 'nation.
I especially enjoy the dogs on the administration. but innuendoes and your
one extending really don‘t satisfy my
list for administration blood. Don‘t let
retailers willow in mediociity; the
FSM demands first rate blasphemy,
Might i suggest, for the sake ot novel.
ty, that the masthead b~ replaced by a
Dean's rebuttal corner. receiving that.
such space conversion would prove suit.
able combined, such a column might
tend to observe administration policy
to an even greater extent.
Unquestionably. last week’s outstanding feature was the deliciously explicit
letter from Miss commons and Mr.
wilson. For those oi us unable to at.
tend, they meticulously, it not serious»
ly, described the sense and traveling
events ,which participated 'tuesday’a
court case. since i've never been a
strong believed in due process nor
in its accompanying infrastructure,
democracy, i naturally ignore the fact
that these details were printed‘before
the case was heard, 1 really needs't
add that this might have influenced the
Court, but let’s overcome that triviaiity
and concentrate on the iundaincntal issues such as the validity of educational
cow.
In addition to finishing amenities and
prejudices, I‘m also very sympathetic
to the philosophy oi culture journalism,
but only for us elite. How drive oi Mr.
M to think his views valid and his
cr ski construction. And how post»
timely closer ot you to put him in his
decrease place. after all, you and I
know that his position implies a desire
to maintain intellectual and social iiei.
dom — student serious to the leudai
means. The new time some unenlightened, piowar, precipitation, and districts individual criticizes the supported
industry, I want to see a really gaming
wound produced by your patent verbal
budgets. Enough oi those slide and cut-
friday. April 29. I?”
king replies; let's have some real edition.
I must say, though, that Mr. East»
man’s essay on education stopped the
general minor oi an otherwise ideal i
sue. Articles oi this nature serve reply to clarity issues. 1 hope that they or
more dangerous with the remainder o
the content.
Please intensity your current poll.
ones; journalists are a time a dozen.
julie Hughes
To the Editor:
After reading this week's Reporter,
I became thoroughly discussed with
the way certain things were handled by
this rug! I am referring to Spring Riot
and Professor pages's letter.
As the good professor noted, your
paper has been leading toward worldly
and national news rather than what’going on around campus, Instead of
waiting space reporting on the New
York peace demonstration and you
could have given equal space to So
Francisco, it might have been nice i
someone wrote an objective story about
the root and Spring Day. By not doing
this, you gave an affair representation
of the happening; by showing iu-t
a new pictures and allowing coverage
in your letter page of one opportunity
incident, you showed but one side of it
dualafaced incident.
I now return to Professor yahoo,
You judge his letter as a non-construction outburst," yet, in my opinion,
he did not just fly that the Reporter
is becoming a house paper for its intended purpose, but told you why he
left so. and what he felt your content
should be. i wish to remind you that it
we want to know about peace concentrations, and other offrcanlpus goingson we can read the Register or listen to
To . or radio news broadcasts.
ltiy final statement brings together
both of the above-menﬁones prices. I
feel that as long as you are going in
make nonconstructive criticism oi the
root. you should be the t ones to noclue anybody else’s cl'i cism of your
paper or anything else as being none
construction, This is the old case or
the pot calling the settle black. I \wrote
this letter because I sort of like your
paper, you know; it inn't all bad, just
most of it!
her S. Piermout
hope you accept my continue-
To the Editor:
Really, Mr, pages, Wasn’t it in your
Intro to Political Science class last
year that I learned about weltanschauring? i wish to comment the state or
the Reporter for raising college your—
valium above the level of a high heel
tablets whose lead story is a straight
news article on a required, allaichaol
assembly.
Ann I. Klisclutu'
Interim Court ruled
Tuesday that the ﬁve Cowlcs men
charged with disorderly conduct»
“Spring Riot" night must Write purple letters of biology in addition to
the other penalties ordered (See
story on page 1), The court intended
that these letters be printed in Th:
reporter. , .
Ed. Note:
To david wilson and
Adrienne commons
l hereby publicly apologize to David
wilson and Adrienne commons for any
harm i may have inﬂrated upon them
the night oi spring Riot, i also apply<
ice to David for further harm which
have caused him the past three ,x-can-s.
‘ James Stuart
See LETTERS on Page E
1961 SUMMER JOB CATALOG
set yniir one" this sum." with .
ms'are.s.coupons n. ircallaat index.
bag.Iixh om ID,I70il opening)
. his THIS SUMMER tar men .ad
Women students. send $2.00 today for
Amen AIM. at college students, in
North L-angle, Chicago, Illinois satin.
WAYNE’S STEAKHOUSE
"the sex"
restaurant —coastal| lounge
speaks
Nut to the Theater
 
20. I967
The Grinnell REPORTER
 
to“
PARADE INSTIGATOR DAVE GIBSON map: the benefit of hi: efforts
{during but Monday's walk mono the campus and through Hi- town.
Photo by sarah closer
 
} Senate
(Continued hon. Page 1)
the group. Mary calcium repeated the
view she had expressed in a Reporter
editorial: that the problem lies not in
the “Riot” itself, but in the social
setup or the campus »
Roger counter, SGA treasurer, moved
on behalf of the ﬁdance committee that
one of the statements of purpose {or
the initiative fund now indicating the
promotion or interaction among calls,
be broadband to encourage “uniqueness and creativity." counter noted
that several calls have been denied
initiative lyric support for extremely
original ideas simply because their
projects were sponsored by only one
hall. His motion carried,
The original purpose or the initiative
fund, as stated at the meeting, was
to encourage calls to plan events together or with the faculty and other
college groups. It could also be granted
to activities which involved no one
specific hall. Until now. the sponsoring
or an event by a single hall was a
significant factor in determining whether
the request received an initiative grant.
Turning to a discussion of The Crime“
Reporter, the principal issues were
whether the senate has any business
with the Reporter at all, whether the
Reporter should give extensive coverage tn bitchmpus events, and if so.
whether reporters Should be reimbursed
out ol the paper’s funds lot this type
ol coverage.
John Herr announced that Gates Hall
is unanimously opposed to Henry Wilhelm's trip to New York to cover the
civilization Against the War in diet‘
nam. (Wilhelm is no longer I Grinnell
student.) His complaint was echoed by
Bill Fisher, who questioned the Reporter's oil-campus coverage and expressed dissatisiaction with the coverage
ol on campus events.
Editor Krys german explained that
the paper has previously printed stories by other nonvstudents about offcampus news (eg. Vietnam reports)
and that it is difficult to ﬁnd students
who will leave school for. several days
because oi the academic hampshire that
result.
Knenirer said that the Reporter should
be understood as an independent journal, not as the voice or all the students. He left it was not the senate’r
job to consider regulation the paper.
pic MacDowell, SGA president, had
suggested at the beginning or the meeting that students dissatisfied with the
Reporter seek jobs on its staff and
try to improve it from within.
Announcements made at the meeting:
Machwell announced that he banks
the decision of the Interim Court on
the case brought by David wilson and
Adrienne commons.
Ken Clark has been appointed Gadabouts chairman, Naiwa Adra, chairman or the foreign students board.
The Grinnell Weekend for next fall
Will correspond with Homecoming and
Parents’ Weekend A large number of
distinguished speakers will be present
and many events will be scheduled at
the same-time, which means students
will only be able to attend a few of
themxseverai senators decided the idea
as a public relations fundraising gimmick, simply designated express visitors with Grinnell’s atmosphere, ‘
THE VARSITY
For paperbacks, magazines. greeting cards.
smoking supplies. tobacco, candy, pop, records, beer, newspapers
and assisted other
cookies.
} Radio Station
(Continued team Page 1)
news. Sports events will be tapes and
broadcast.
Armajani said, “We received 40 applications for seven positions on the
executive board, as well as many for
other small positions." Interviews for the
remaining time positions of audio purchasing agent. program director, news
editor, chief engineer, and business
manager are in progress.
There will be a seven—man executive
board. A training program will be set
up for small members, since most positions require practice rather than in—
date talent, according to Armajani.
A sheet will be distributed next week
collecting more applications for small
positions as news reporters, engineers,
and disc jackets and followed by extensive additions, ’
The station will broadcast for both
campus and town listening. Armaianl
anticipated live broadcasting 12 hours I
day, probably supplemental with tapes.
The FCC calculated there will he no
advertising.
' Armajani sees the radio station as the
Page Five
final solution to the much-discussedcampus communications problem. A:
Well as all kinds of music, the radio
station Will broadcast tapes discussions
on a broad spectrum. Lectures given
on campus will be tapes and broadcast at later times.
The radio station will editorialize on
the news, providing more controversy
on campus Referring to the Grinnell
Reporter, Armajani said, “No doubt
we'll take issue with each other. and
that Will be healthy for both of us."
Editor designs
ent Edilnr Krystyna Moment of The
Grinnell Reporter (effective Fall,
1967), applications are now being considered for that positions Letters of
lppllutiml should be addressed to
Dr. Benjamin 1“. Graham (biology).
chairman of the Publications Committee. For further information contact Mlss Neumnn (Ext. 349).
We make
delicious
cookies
Hansen's DANISH MAID makers
TYPEWRITER
STORAGE
at
*
Again iii. year we will is. ml. to .cecpi typewriters tar tr.storage. May w. mgoari you im your iypowriierr rarcondilionod
am the summer Ia they're all ready is go next iaii for a school
your at hard Huge? Our ierviu ir guaranteed. Your pairenag. is
always appreciated.
GRINNELL order SUPPLY V
(ADVERTISER IN 5&5 IN EVERY ISSUE SINCE 1953)
Across from the Post Office
Whom: the much him
your eye like a bias:
plus pro.
that's Ahwano's.
Lid?
on well . . . w. tried anchor.
“AHIV”
nirvana's Pizza
pro. gallery
236-6221
 
Page Silt
The Grinnoii REPORTER
Folkdanners to present concert
By John When
The Grinneli Foikdancers will meter
their third annual spring program tonight at 7 p.m. and Saturday night at
a pm. in Roberts Theatre, The company at 71 banners will present a diverse program or international cancer
representative or at least 14 different
countries,
Mood, style, and costume will vary
from the quiet grace of “At Va'and" _
I slow Israeli circle dance performed
by women — to the exclusive energy
of “Mazur” — the Polish ﬁname number: operated, collecting music will set
the mood of such likely cancer as
"trader austin" and “Shuddlehux” —
of Teutonic origin. On the other hand,
markedly more restricted precision will
characterize the lighter bibliography or
the Scottish wesley numbers.
Among the special highlights or this
ear's program will be the Castilonean
ending dance “Espunyolet,” the Phil<
alpine “Tinlkllng” cancer over,
around, and between moving bamboo
polls — and the “Highland using,"
which will be accompanied by a guest
bagpiper from the University of Iowa,
The woman “Fool’s big” is an historical English morris dance, originally
performed in conjunction with ancient
mortality reservations in “morris aids
England."
Scottish kills, musician Iederhosen,
Groutian head stories, Spanish castle
news, and Peruvian tasks are among
the many distinction costumes and
properties which will be used to enhance
both the variety and the individuality
of the cancer — as Well as of the did-
MENNEN
SPRAY DEODORANT
l 01. Size
31.00 Value 58¢
MISS BRECK
HAIR SPRAY
m main. 57¢1
BUFFERIN
100‘s
$l.39 Value 88¢
PECAN ROLL
ty Center
$1.00 Value ?$¢
recent nationalities they represent. In
addition, special productions on the
theatre oyclorama will be employed
throughout the program to achieve
varied background lighting effects.
The tour dance program has been
directed and choreographed by Mrs.
Pirrko speaker, sponsor and instructor
of the Glinnell Folk banners, Special
additional bibliography was done by
ireile player and Jan Thomas, both
senior members of the group.
The rolkdancers meet and dance
recreationally each Sunday afternoon
throughout the school years According
to John Uhlemann, president and senior
member, absolutely no special skill I!
required (or participation — ”Just I
desire to have fun."
D Letters
(Continued lmm Page i)
To David wilson and
Adrienne commons
l apologize to David wilson and Adrienne commons for my action in the
Spring Riot disturbance which they
suffered. 1 also apologize for any burden that i may have imposed on them
during the past three years.
Ban-y Nemlllen
Dear Adrienne sections and David
wilson,
I am sincerely regrettui or recent
happenings by a group of students,
myself among them. This group, tea
gather as a group, lost its individual
intellectual conference to make decisions, and thus processed in a die
grateful manner. You two will certainly get over the events before we do,
for we have ourselves always present.
Ken Adeimnn
NOXZEMA
completion follow
slot Value 62¢
shell Concentrate
Shampoo
“.00 Value 53¢
SCHICK BLADES
infection 7‘s
62 .
Friday, April 25. m1
 
I—
Ed. fatal
The following lo a statement by the
interim Court explaining their deck»
sign in the case involving David wilson, Adrienne commons, and ﬁve
Cowiea null members.
The Student Interim Court, in
representing the relating penalties, found it impossible to consider
this case and the actions on “Spring
Riot Night" b the ﬁve male students
as an isolate incident. We found it
necessary to consider this incident in
the context or recipient behavior over
a number or years. The court examined not only specific testimony dealing with this case, but also basic
found material.
It was recommended that two std—
cents receive conduct promotion which
carries a titten notification ot snelsi
irmponsi city to college and student
add factors and to parents or the
ind saudi, It is intended to be a time
or positive registration of the individual and his relation to the community. to this case the conduct or the
individuals will be reviewed by the
court in the middle of next semester.
it was recommended that three
students (one at whom will also re
 
Interim hours statement
olive conduct promotion) receive so»
oral expansion which carries a console by the student court concerning the individual's artificial beho—
viorr It is intended to be a social punishment hopefully with little academ<
lo reproduction. The students in this
case will arrange to take finals and
comprehensive examinations n w a y
from the community.
expansion was recommended for
one student because of the gravity or
this incident and because of recipient
artificial behavior in complete nppo<
action to the goals and standards toward which the college strikes
The court feels that the community
of Grinnell cannon moderate anti-social
behavior or a destruction and delicious nature, When an individual increases upon the rights and freedom
of others through physical and psychological mortality, he should be securely measured. The court sincerely
hopes that as a result or its recommendation, a period or critical email<
union will issue not only for the students involved, but also for the community as a whole.
Kathy jackson
Mike Dejole
Russ Allen
Diane movieﬂice
Sandy ﬂbaseline
 
To the Grinnell College community,
I, Dale losses, do wish to mike pulling biology for the events at ”Spring
Riot Night." At that time, I did engage
In acts against David wilson and Adrienne commons which have been shown
to constitute disorderly conduct. I am
aware that I have caused them personal
affiliation. I sincerely degree those
acts, and now promise the Gl‘innell
College community as a whole that they
will not Ieoceul'.
Dale passed
To whom It may concern,
I publicly wish to apologize to both
David wilson and Adrienne commons
for any role I played ’ their harassment "Spring Riot Night." I would
also like to apologize to the men of
ownﬁ Hall who have had In) ensure
thoughtless actions on my part during
the past three years. Having reevaluated my attitude toward others, I hope
to improve myself and to become I
more Worthwhile member of the com«
munich.
Jim Ill-node
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
GrinneII, Iowa
PEPSODEN‘I'
TOOTHPASTE
Family Silo hills Hair lfllill
.5... 59¢i
STORE
HOURSl
9 am. to 9 pm. Friday
7 mm. to 8 pm. Mom. Tues.
Wed.I Thu Sin.
COLGATE 100
MOUTH WASH
13¢ Vdul 42¢
Lustre frame since baseline Hair sonic
29¢
Curiiy Cotton Balls
69¢ Value 37¢
SHARI CIRCUS PEANUTS
49: Value 34¢
Ladies' and
Men's
17¢ Value 52‘
LANOLIN PLlﬂ
illiii SPRAY
59¢
GRUEN WATCHES
l1 Jewel
$1488
 
Friday, April 18, I967
The crime" REPORTER
bag. Sovln
 
LAST SUNDAY'S SOCCER
with brake went on as
CLUB meet
scheduled u...
(mounted by the break spring snowboard
meet’ 6-0.
that immediately covered Grihnell with
two inches at snow. Grinnell won the
Photo by Kryl Neumun
 
low-score weeks extends losses
By Barry Ancona
There are more Grinnell men
out {or the Soccer Club than
for any official variety and
freshman sport. The win-loss
record of the student-organized,
studentcoached group would be
the envy of any Grinnell team.
What, and who, is behind the
success of the Soccer Club? The
answer would seem to have
some bearing on the diploma of
our ofﬁdial teams, and on the
role of intercollegiate athletics
at Grinnell. Next week’s Reporter will include a feature on the
Soccer Club, and a discussion
of the value of intercollegiate
athletics.
Now lot the intercollegiate
sports report: The track team
lost, 117-28, to State College of
laws Tuesday. Rich Weeks was
the only winner with a 165’9"
javelin toys. He also took third
in dishes. Thor johnson placed
second in the high jump and
440 handles, and pic Machws
all took seconds in the 380 and
mile. The Pioneer squad at the
brake delays this weekend will
be the smallest in years enter-
those WHO um WORKED harvest
and most productivity lot the dl'function 01 human misery and know
that the preconditionsare 1) political
unbill'iy, and 2) economic freedom,
will be dis-ppoinlod not re rim
loan. exclusively described by file
Pope in in. new encytnenl, but by
the suggested menu, industry
and well-delivering, which il followed would luv. rh. contrary
.clear to that
retired by this
intent. and holy
la. n in. root si lit-
(lines-I have ol m,
rIDNAL IEVle, wtii.
Imus“ - SKIII’S
SWEATERS - DRESSES
9
GRINNELL NEWTON
ing only three events. johnson,
MacDoWell, Steve paintball and
Bob Watt will nm in the Iowa
College 880 and mile delays.
Watt, paintball, MacDowell, and
Doug gray will enter the college
division distance wesley relay.
The track team hosts plymouth
variety and freshmen at 3:30
pm. Tuesday.
The golf team lost to Carleton
Monday. Its record now is 04.
They will go to the brake Invitaticnal this weekend. Iowa
State will play here Tuesday at
3 p.m. in 23 years of competition with the men of Ames, the
Pioneer team has won twice and
tied once.
The tennis team is H. They
Posi on: open
on textbooks
Applications are now
being accepted for positions on two potential
college textbooks,
A proposed “cycling"
book is to be restricted
to formal pictures and is
to sell for a proposed $2
in the spring. A proposed
“Grinncll Book” would
feature more creative
photography and writing,
It is intended to sell for
$5 and appear in the fall.
It is hoped that editors
and business managers,
and possible other staff
members, would apply
its a team. Applications
should be addressed to
Dr. Benjamin F. Graham
[biology], chairman of the
Publications Committee.
For further information
contact milan norton.
 
will play Knox today at 3 pm.
The baseball team is L7, alter
losing both valves of a doubleheader with plymouth Tuesday.
The team will play Camel] at
Mt. Vernon Tuesday. Cornell
College is being considered for
the “contributingrto‘theewin-confirm” award for losing to the
Pioneers last week. The award
was given this winter to the
joe basketball team.
Graduation speaker
Senator G e o r g e McGovern,
four-term United States translator and South Dakota’s first
Democrat in the Senate since
1936. will address the 1967 announcement exercises Friday,
May 26.
McGovern, 44, a former pro
lesson of history and governments at Dakota Wesleyan University, served in the House of
Representatives previous to his
election to the Senate in 1962
Curtis E. Bradford, makes
Ames Professor of English Literature, will Conduct nascar
lawrence services the Thursday
prior to announcement.
Thanks for fast
Last week's fast to ﬁdance
the transportation oi japanese
refugees to schools in the United
States drew support from 969
Grinnellians. J o h n DeMabipr
wishes to extend has thanks to
those who listed.
E J. JENSEN. OJ).
OPI’OMETRIST
Eyes Examined
Contact Lenses
rural: (mm Post choice
New Sunday Hours—8 am 'oil 8 pm
Soccer Club defects brake 6-0
Despite a late spring snowfall, the soccer club detected
brake Sunday 8-0 on a click
and unpredictable Grinnell playing field,
Several minutes into the ﬁrss
quarter, Grinnell made what
was to be the winning goal by
Giuseppe designing. A high
school foreign exchange student
from Ecuador, designing gave
the Pioneers a 1-0 lead with another goal oil the took or a
brake delenseman.
Ed brazilian’s goal midway
through the second quarter gave
Grinnell a dealtime lead of H,
and designing added his third
goal in the third quarter for a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44] lead.
In the final quarter, relax
Lungu dropped in the fifth goal.
A penalty kick by beth Kporze
in the closing minutes gave the
rinncll club its winning score.
replies Bill Batschelet and
Rich McGinn were relatively intended with most brake shots
coming brown long distances,
The Grinnell Soccer Club has
selected brake twice, including
a homecoming match here last
(all, 3—1. brake won its ﬁrss
match against the Pioneers
early last call. The Soccer Club
travels to Des points Sunday
for a return match against the
brake squad.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
London Fog’s particle
is machinery young.
City and suburban fashion know-how in a liar»
l'only double-arrested sense . . . removable back
belt, inserted kick great, box sleeve-tabs, noticed
demo-shall collar and self started—through pockets send an urban air. variable register® Cloth
(65 % Dacron® polyester, 35% " cotton) and
other London Fog® executives . . . Third Barrier
Construction and Bachelor Buttons® that stay
seen on. In a selection of sizes and colors. $45.00
OYNTER'S
4th Avenue sessions
 
Page Eight
The Grinneii REPORTER
Friday, April 25, m1
 
wr as
blind) by
Professor Milan Samerdzliu
 
Senior men comment
on new draft threat
By Sue calvin
A random sampling of senior men
indicated that the Change in draft policy, which makes graduate school no
longer a basis for determine, has created
some serious student concern about the
future without appreciated entering any
immediate plans.
Said one senior who wishes to remain anonymous, “1 may find myself
a political refused in another country
because of my moral and political car
sections to the war." A number of other:
who have also been accepted at graduate school may be forced to choose
the same resource.
Sam Lucas is going ahead with hi:
plans for graduate school, but commented, “I may be sorry in a year."
Said Steve channel‘, “I still plan to
enter graduate school but have also
t'name an application to the Naval ala
rivers Candidate School."
Bond Faulwell plans to enlist in the
army However, he said that “this is
not totally a result of the change in
the draft policy, but the change did
make me think to get my obligation
but of the way rather than having law
school interpreted."
‘A‘rt Arnold's response modified the
reactions of most of the individuals
interpreted: “I am not immediately af<
tested by the change, I am going to
continue with my lifetime plans of
graduate school. However, I will think
u lot more about the draft and the
various programs I could enter, and
which ones I would definitely consider
if it becomes necessary.”
Schlesinger gives polyphonic
lecture on Vietnam Monday
The Voices of Arthur Schlesinger,
Pierre cylinder, and Duncan money will
be phones to the Forum next week
for three political lectures.
Schlesinger, noted victorian and educated and a special assistant for President Kennedy, will discuss the evolve-
’62 gm! uses computer
to help hunt, kill long
A Grinnell graduate’s IBM 1401 computer received a large share of the
credit for regarding the Vietcong’s 1966
houston offensive.
Lieutenant David explain, Chief of
Programming and Analysis at the
Army‘s Combined intelligence Center in
Saigon, uses a computer to sort and
corporate intelligence data at split<
second speed. explain, who graduated
in 1962 and returned as an instructor
of mathematics in 1964, supervisor the
Automatic Data processing branch
(ADP).
“With ADP," explain wrote in I
letter to Professor E. R. collins (math<
critics), “specially generated information gathered from captured Vietcong
reconnaissance personnel and aerial
photographs of broader—down grass can
lead to the delivering of columnists."
“Our knowledge of the enemy is fantastic and growing rapidly," said the
former math major, “and ADP is the
first intelligence unit in the history
of welfare to disseminate theatre army
critical intelligence as far crown as
the situation level in the field."
“Our job is to be able to retrieve
knowledge quickly in an intelligence
fashion. We can get radio requests in
the late afternoon and have the inter
nation in tile field user’s hands by
0700 the next morning.”
E
merit of the United State’s Commitment
in Vietnam, Monday at 7:30 pm
cylinder, presidential press secretary
during the Kennedy Administration and
a former newspaper and magazine reporter, will deliver Tuesday’s 7 pm,
lecture on “The President and the
Pressr" ‘
Thursday. money, assistant professor
of economics at MIT, will he on line
at 8 pm. to present the simon Society's
plan for a negative income tax.
The first two sessions are being sponsored by the Young Democrats and
the third by the Young Republicans
Club. Question and answer periods will
follow each talk and Joseph Wall (his
tony) and Robert coleman (economics)
will be on hand to comment on money‘s
remarks.
Visitor on campus
Yugoslav on Economics
By Dan Bucks
Emphasizing a automatic and empirical approach to economic problems,
files Samardzija, Professor of Economics at the University of Belgrade, travel
the development of the legislation
economy for Grinneiiians during his visit
here. April 25 and 26.
Professor camel‘dzija’s 24-hour visit to
the campus included two lectures, a
class appearance, and several informal
conversations With faculty and students
Maintaining a vigorous verbal pace
throughout his visit, Professor hazards
zlja described how Yugoslavia has
achieved a 7.1% rate of growth of national product through the construction
of an economy that represents a combination of planning techniques and man
he: relations. Through the legislation
formula that "state ownership does not
require state management,” enterprises
remain “normally-owned" but are homes
illgiy managed by “worker’s councils"
elected by the laborers in an enterprise.
The system of specialized production
units managed by “worker's councils"
is integrated through market organizations, State intervention primarily takes
the form of control over the “endpoints"
of the production process: the supply
of raw material inputs and the demand
for the final output. usually, the intermediate stages of production are left
to the control of the market.
The state also maintains control over
approximately 30% at new investment
funds. This investment is changelog into
basic transportation and communications
systems or into industry located in underdeveloped regions of Yugoslavia.
Samardzija described the two major
stages in the evolution of the post-war
legislation economy as “certification”
and “de-modifications” “De-examination,"
which occurred in the late 40's and early
50's, was the process of publishing state
management of enterprises and the establishment of “worker selfamanage
ment." “Depoli nation,” which has occurred in the mid 60's, has convicted of
removing the Communist Party control
of the worker’s councils. Through these
processes, the political dynamic that
characterized a Soviet style system has
been published in favor of a more decentralized system of management.
In a markedly non-theoretical manner,
Samardzija frequently arrested that economic techniques must be adapted to the
historical and cultural conditions of a
country. Whether a technique was societies or capitalist in nature was of less
concern to him than whether or not the
technique improved the performance of
the economic system.
Samardzija, who is currently a visiting
professor at Western Michigan University, has consolidated his teaching intent
ests on introductory courses. For legislation students he has designed course
materials that combine theories of planning and of market systems to explain
the unique legislation experience. This
“best of both worlds" approach to economic thinking has been expanded in
Samardzija's book, The Economic Sys<
let of Yugoslavia.
 
SGA Open forms Committee presents
questions for discussion by students, faculty
Ed. Note: The following is a state
ment by the senate committee on open
forms.
The SGA Open forms Committee is
currently involved in attempts to find
rationale either for or against an expansion of legal open limitations. The
committee realized that certain funds<
mental questions must be answered be
more any positive recommendation can
be submitted for student and adminisr
archive action,
1. If there is presently little danger
of upprehenslon for anytime or evening
IV's, why should we bother with trying to extend legal opens? What in
dining with structured hypocrisyr. ,
2. For example, is our present rules
structure the best method of providing
a measure of assistance and support
for students struggling with unresolved
sexual issues?
3. It increased open forms lead to
at least some increase in sexual interactive, “emotional trauma, and pregnancy," how could you, as a college
administrator, justify extending opens?
4. Could a local option system of
open forms (each hall defining on
its opens program within prescribed
limits) fail to protect the rights of the
individuals Voting in the minority? .
5. Could such a local option system
lead to more effective in-hall efforts
ment—as with the present quiet hours
and disorderly conduct rules where
the hall sets the standard of tunisia
ment when one person’s actions are
annoying to others? .
it. with a significantly expanded system of legal opens, what types of
penalties would be appropriate for
those violation the rulesf.
7. How can an extensionsof opens be
presented relatively to parents and
financial supporters?,
8r What type of general rule structure can promote most effectively student responsibility and majority in social, as well as academic congress.
The members of the Opens Committee
feel that the question of extending open
forms provides a logical focal point:
for the discussion of many current student concerns. The discussion must of
necessity touch on the questions of privacy. student majority and responsibility, the student’s role as a member of
a hall and of the college community,
the “formal date” emphasis of the
present social structure, rule enforcement, and the general aims of a residential liberal arts college
This committee is attempting to organize and synthesize student, faculty,
and administration opinions on these
questions into a meaningful statement
regarding the open form policy. ob—
receiving and openmindedness are primary considerations in our discussions,
and if our studies recommend it, we will
suggest that opens not be extended.
As the committee hopes to have a
recommendation ready early in September, they hope that the above questions
will he discussed in house meetings and
in informal student-facultyrand admin<
isolation groups and that the opinions
presented will be forbidden to members of this committee. The question
of open forms should be the serious
concern of all members of the college
community,
The above questions will be discussed
Monday at hall meetings and Wednesday at senate. All students are tried
to participate in the discussion and at<
tend the senate meeting.
ADDRESS HERE
9251102) HGUUWD
example: Oilqnd
 
