us.
newbie Abbott trained . . .
Yhuio By Krys Noumun
A Review of 'after the Full"
By Nicholas Meyer
Ed. Note: Nicholas Meyer, movie reviewer
for the snue university or Iowa's body
roman find piuywrichr, is one or the raw undergraduate students in the advanced play.
prairie seminar. Meyer formerly reviewed
thculcr productions but changed to movies decrease his round it “dliiicnit to review plays
where your friends are involved.” Know.
ing this is align the case at Grlimt-H low. ins
set'a still “outside" to find someone to deal
with “Alter the rail." Here he is.
“If we are all innocent, where does all this
evil come from?" Quentin asks in the Grinnell
College production of Arthur Miller’s “After the
Fall." Where indeed? For three hours the audience is questioned, prepared at, rated at,
threatened, tested, carried and pummeled as
Mrr Miller tries to answer his own question. The
production is a failure, but more than half the
failure is Miller’s for having written a terrible
self-conscious, embarrassingly introspective play.
The first question is does one want to he the
target of a marathon catalogue (punctuated with
flashrbaci-ts and tidrbit remembrances) ni Quentin’s life? Is he all that fascinating as a character, as he inarticuiateiy groups with every Con<
suitable question containing to life, liberty and
the pursuit oi happiness? is the theatre a pulpit?
Must a man out himself open in full View of the
World and still his islands out? Will it necessarily be increasing theatre it he does? To be sure.
he will occasionally hit a target relative to each
individual audience member if he goes on long
enough (and he does) but will that justify or ensure the success of the whole? it won't and it
dress't. And this is the mammoth problem the
cast and director of the Grinnell production (or
any production) are controlled with.
All in all, they do surprisingly well, considering the handicap imposed by the overwritten
script. But even so, the final result is a kind oi
cocktail party label hanging by someone who has
had too much to drink and eventually begins to
more his capture listings, The cast is steven,
as are most college productions. Ken picks is n
tolerance Quentin once he hits his strike, but he
falls into regulations patterns of movements
(particularly a feature of throwing out his hand:
See PLAY on page a
 
 
 
_ Two New Organizations
B |_ A (K To Replace FGSAr Courts
morrison:
 
Vol. LXXIV
Students andorra Apartments
By Suzanne member
The following are the results of Monday’s top poll selling students whether or not they would like to live in orieampus apartmerits:
TOTAL REPLIES — 291 out oi an) questionnaires distributed — 35% return.
Total “ch"
Total “No"
- 74% (217 yes)
— 26% (74 no)
Total “Yes” by sex
Female - 101 (47% of informative replies)
Male — 116 (53% of informative replies)
Total “No" by sex
Female
Male
Comments on
questionnaire — 24% oi total reply
— 33 (44% of negative reply)
— 41 (56% at negative reply)
Grinnell, iowa. Friday, February 24,
I967 No. 20
Selective Service
Moiy Eliminate
2-5 Classification
By Susan Fogg
Student draft determines may
be eliminated in a reform of
the Selective Service Act due
to go into effect by June 20.
An article in the Feb, 10 issue
of Higher Education and National Affairs states:
The National Advisory Commission on Selective service,
appointed by president Johnson last July 2, is completing
the final draft of its report
and is expected to submit its
recommendations to the Pres-
See ours on page 4
By Theo require
At its meeting Wednesday
night, the Senate discussed the
suggestions or a court-appointed
committee concerning the revision oi the present judicial
system. The proposed changes
would involve the disposition oi
the Faculty Committee on Student Affairs and the student
courts, There would be instead
a judicial council consisting of
three students and three faculty
members and a faculty — student ~ administration commit»
tee on policy evaluation and
recommendation would be installed.
According to Linda real,
chief magistrate oi the Women’s
Court, the proposed judicial
council would have jurisdiction
over all cases involving an attraction or college regulations.
Secondary functions would be
those of a court oi appeals for
cases tried within the house
councils, and reviewing board
for hall regulations
The Senate was informed that
these are only suggestions to be
worked upon in the following
weeks The final proposal must
he passed in nearly identical
term by both the Senate and
the faculty, as it involves n
change in both the student
constitution and the faculty organization. it appears that this
will not be so easily done.
Already, the basic problem
seems to be confusion, or at
least doubt, concerning the
council’s primary jurisdiction
over initiated regulations. According to Miss real it is now
undertake as to whether the
council would serve in an ad
visory or decision-making capacity.
Joseph Wall, {equity chairman, different somewhat in his
interpretation, believes that a
recommendation would be sent
to the president only in cases
involving punishment. in the
event of an acquittal, the case
would be discussed.
The other major proposal of
Sec COURT on page 4
 
Breakdown oi opinion by classes:
Freshman (14 replies) Junior
07% yes (20F, 30M)
33% no (14F, 10M)
Sophomore (92 replies)
31% yea (23F, 29M)
‘“ ”9““) ” ow if I Were President . . .”
”70M (2510M) ’ r -- u .
Senior (61 replies)
70% yes (34F, 28M) 34% yes (15F, 25M)
30% hi) (13F, 15M) 16% no ( 41“, 6M)
While this poll shows a significant positive response to the idea
nikon‘frcampus apartment living. it must he 'mentioned that people
who reply to such a questionnaire may be those who favor the
proposition in question. On the other hand, the overwhelmingly aiilrmatwe response to this questionnaire and
the fact that the alternative response increases with each proceeding class are trends
which cannon be ignored in any determination
of students' attitudes toward the environment
in which they live, or in which they would
like to live.
The ﬁgames show, whether they are wholly representative of
campus opinion or not, that at least 217 students would choose to
live in on campus apartments it they were readily available, This
is a disable percentage in a student body at 1,150 and indicates not only dissatisfaction with the present residence system,
but a positive response to an alternative system which is possible.
An sara: reporter who questioned realtors in town found they
would be willing to rent apartments to both male and female student and that apartments and rooms in private homes not handled
by real estate agencies are equally available, with cents operating
$90 per month for or rooms,
See APARTMENTS on page B
 
 
News
Analysis
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photo by Krys Neumau
President Steve Kent teams rather in.
differ-M to it all. For articles and an
analysis of this election re. plgu o . 1.
PRESIDENT-ELECT Rick Machwell direurr-r his position during part Monday'l
debate with Craig plain at relating SGA
 
SCARLET AND ILACK
 
On the New Court System -
A revision of the integrated judicial structure at Grinnell is
initiative. Both the American Civil libraries Union (1) and the
MUP (2) expensive student freedoms and rights over disciplinary
proceedings of college or university administrators. The judicial
study group at Grinnell has been attempting to bring this college
out of the dark ages of directories and secret procedure and into
the era of due process. Their proposal indicates they have generally followed the important guidelines of the AAUP and ACLU.
Careful reading of their proposal, however, raises several
questions, two oi cingular importance. in section 1 under “6. Review" the proposal contains a “packed on" statement giving the
president of the college the right to overcome the court not only
when he is appeared to by a student but also whenever he decided
to do so. President suggest has stated that he might actually every
rule a court decision and impose a more statement punishment.
This power is beyond the AAUP guidelines and jeopardizes everything the Community Court stands for,
recently, the section on a separate policy-making body — al—
though good in concept —- is fabulous and proudly organized as
stated What are its functions? We can only hypothesize that the
poll es set forth will have a great hearing on student life and will
determine the practices of the Community Court. if this is so why
is the committee nominated (a to a) by Administration and faculty?
It is plain to see that on matters where there is a fundamental difference of viewpoint, such as the separation of students from the
college for limitations violations, the administration-faculty win
continually overcome the student opinion. The result may easily be
worse than what we have now. Why not an equal voice on the
policy-making body for those most affected by its actions?
L Academic Freedom and Civil libraries of Students in Colleges and
universities, November, 1961 (ACLU pamphlet)
2. Bulletin. American Association of University processors, december,
loss
Those Locks on the Loggia—
The logic behind bureaucratic rationale has to do with something like "the stable maintenance of an institution," we suppose.
It is a peculiar kind of logic; slightly irrelevant to human considerations.
Thus a college, building directories as a place in which std—
cents may “live,” finally views don'ns as a place in which students
are controlled. Proceeding from the promise of this twisted logic,
the college locks up its women students (in order to separate them
from the men at night) and, consequently, americans them within
a fire trap.
As if this is not enough, fire skills have been used as a further
means of periodically checking on the actual highway presence of
women students in the form. Women students safely locked up
(away from the men on campus), the institution census to concern
itself with the welfare oi the men; like skills are not planned for
them.
The SKrB questioned the safety of the locked forms at Grin»
well — whereas no allowance is made for free and unobstructed
stress so necessary during the panic state which often accompanied
n fire, A letter to the State Fire partial elected a response within a week stating the iowa Code “panic bar” requirement. it takes
out a week to find out if buildings are up to par, but Grinllell’s
director of the Physical Plant, Evan H. garden, (8&6) prefers a
policy of “wait and let them respect us."
The “encountered response” of bureaucratic minds to criticism
about Grinnell's inadequacies —— in this case, faulty fire safety predictions~is, as usual, one of defensive reaction. garden maintains
that women students would be quite safe in the event of fire; they
may be locked in with the blade but they could universe the ioggia
a long way in either direction to escape or could jump through
ﬁrss ﬂfor windows. We tried to picture this blade scene — smoke-
!filed logged, hundreds of willing women (like a Sunday scroll?) —-—
but it located us.
garden further argued that, indeed, the truly irrelevant thinking on this issue is in the minds of those who talk of savings lives
(to. by leaving the logged uploaded) because the forms are, in
fact, ﬁbedroom. To this claim we would simply cite the example of
the recent conlllagration at “iireprooi McCormick Place conveerb
lion hall, Chicago. We would also cite the 1945 barnes Hall fire
which garden seems to ignore. ‘
The college will probably take its admitted three months to
raise fire predictions at Grinnell to standard, thus timing the night—
time involving oi the logged with the apartment of are “no hours
for women” proposal. Yet we cannon help but think that even bureaucratic minds might be affected by the possibility of disaster in
the interim. Although human considerations may sometimes be
generated to last place, college “image” considerations usually
are not.
 
GRINNELL course
Scar-let and Blue o........, t...
A weekly newspaper published Friday of the college year by unit.
neil Committee on Student Publications. irtprrscntcd for national never—
rising_by National Adverilsmg Service, inc., College Publishers genre»
sensitive, in East sort. Street, New York, 22, N.Y. Second class postage
paid lIK Grinncll, iowa. Subscription rule soon per rcnopl year. isoo paid
subscriptions.
EDITOR ..
queries MANAGER
ASSOCIATE rnrron .
Kryrrytur Neumﬂn
.. snub wto
during member
Friday, contrary M. l9”,
Faculty Comment
“On The Need for More Crazy keep e”
By George Young
(Russian)
in preparing this essay I have, naturally, engaged in considerable consultation and research.
1 have opened many books, I have heard many
opinions on every topic, both pro and con, both
unlimited and complicated, both at home, at work
and at play, and after teaching all the issues
carefully, after meditation long on the complexities, subtleties, and priorities involved, 1 have
arrived at the unavailable conclusion that we
need more crazy people at Grinnellr
True, we have John prospect, Mac 'Nelson,
Ezra Mendelsohn, Arieti, and others; but who
else do we have? We are, nearly to a man (or
woman) good, serious, responsible, contributions
students, monitors, teachers, housemothers, and
administrators, and this is fine, very fine, excellent if you will. But we need more crazy people.
For instance, with no finding words, when
was the last time a bull fight was held on the
central quad? When
did we last have a win-
king, or losing, glad-
derball team? When
did we last graduate an
outstanding poet, or
even give him credit
for writing poetry?
True, it could be ar-
' gued that students at
a liberal arts college
in a sheffield should
study, not fight bills.
should lose at lootMr‘ Young ball and basketball.
not bladderball, should criticism and categories poetry, not write it, And it could be argued
that instead of bullfights, bladderball games, and
posts what we really need are more committees,
committees on committees, more reports, more
proposals to foundations, more money, more
buildings, more metals, and all the other essex—
times of higher education, And my only answer
would be: yes, but we also need more crazy
people.
Our problem is that the kind of crazy people
we need more of either never come here in the
first place, or they come here and knife around
and leave, or they settle in and gradually quit
being crazy, or they keep thinking alld acting
crazy and finally we just have to send them off
to iowa City.
To say it differently, a great college can be
small, but regardless of size it should be large
enough to accommodate the exceptional. And
while we are a good college, yea, even a very
fine college. we will never become the college we
could he, never even become the college our
catalog says we are, unless, despite all we say
we have done and are doing, we do more, much
more, to accommodate, even encourage, the exceptional.
As it is, we are turning out any number of
phones scholar types, but no phones scholars;
any number of beatles types, but no real beats;
any number of people who write poetry, but no
posts; any number of good athletes, but no great
cocks.
Why? Every year, I understand, we admit
potential phones scholars, potential anarchists,
potential posts, and potential cocks — but what
happens to them?
if we had a potentially brilliant poet, we would
probably do our best to turn him into a good
new crisis, teach him to think dramatically instead
of by anatomy or worse. I don’t know what we
would do with a future Bill Russell, Churchill,
Einstein, or Malcom X. Try to make them more
like us, I suppose, and If that didn’t work, flunli
them out.
And I don’t know what we would do about
social regulations. if we had a female Wittgenstein would we let her live off campus? Or if we
had a Picasso worlds’t we have to chase the female models out of his room and tell him to go
paint squirting?
I am not suggesting that every rule-greater is
a future Picasso, nor am 1 suggesting that we
should fill our campus with posts, nor am I even
suggesting that we need fewer normal, same, responsible people. i just think that to give better
balance to our campus population we need a few
more unbalanced people. And, I think, one of the
reasons we don’t have a decent number of crazy
people, and one of the reasons we can’t keep
the few we do get is that we make it too difficult
to be crazy here; we have too many written and
unwritten rules against being crazy.
In one way or another, we rule out drunken<
news, wellness, over-specialization, application,
under-specialization, nudity, constitution, privacy,
obscenity, gluttony, bloggers, creativity, non-creativity, pettifoggery, and, alan, even motherhood.
Now as a student and teacher of language, 1
respect rules and regulations. I realize that with
out rules no one could live, work, or even write
a movement sentence. but one of the gardening
problems which every already overworked and
undertake modern language teacher must face
is that of the constant discrepancy between rules
and usage. When should the rule determine the
usage and when should the usage determine the
mlb? And no matter how many scholars work
at breakfast speed to turn out the latest and
most comprehensive grammars, the rules in
those grammars are always at least one step
behind the changes in the living language. Then,
even worse, once one has calculated the rules
which are not subject to change, he still has to
deal with the exceptions to those rules, and even
with the exceptions to the exceptions. And,
worst of all, it usually turns out that no matter
how good and important the rule, the exceptions
are even more important. For instance, in every
language I have studied, the very “to be" is molecular; and no matter how many or beautiful
the conjunction patterns, and no matter how es
central these patterns are to the rest of the language, the very “to be” will just not fit in. In
fact in Russian, the very "to be" was so molecular that the lesbians, thinking they ought to be
more ciVllized and ordered, posted the present
sense of “to be" right out of their language.
That, I suppose, is one way to handle the problem oi irregularities and exceptions; only now,
no Russian in the world. unless he transfers to
another language, can say to himself or to anyone else: “Look, here l am.” He has to say:
“Look, here I."
In conclusion, i won't draw any abilities or
propose any solutions. Hi just say that l elderly
look forward to the day when bulliights are held
on the central quad, when bladderhall scores are
recorded in the 5!er ('1’), and most of all I look
forward to the day when Grinnell can grant to
posts and all kinds of crazy people not only contrary degrees but even regular ones.
Nietzsche once had Zarathustra say: “I say
unto you: one must still have chaos in himself
to be able to give birth to a dancing star.” I
know that as a serious little college in a sheffield, we’re not in the dancing star business, but
still, maybe a little more chaos would be nice.
JllIIIlllllllllllllHillllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllillllllllillllllllllIIllllllllllillllllllllllilllllUIIHHimlilllllllllillllllllllllllHIIIHllllllllllmllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllll IillllllilUlllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllll
sellers . . .
depending the
P. E. Complex
To the Editor:
In the editorial stating the
case against the P. a. com.
alex Krys Neumon proposed
that the extravagant P. E, fa.
policies be significantly modified. She reflected to point
out how the modifications
could be made. We would like
to examine the supposedly extravagant P. a. complex in
depth.
Miss Ncuman mentioned dis»
pleasure at being left in the
dark concerning decisions about
the P. E. complex. it is difficult
to avoid lack of information because the P. E. department
knows what facilities are required in a complex of this
nature and only the architects
are qualified to design the
structure. The p. E, building
committee was by no means
meeting behind closed doors.
wanted of the student representatives on this committee
were presented to the Senate.
The P. E. staff told the ascii»
tests what facilities would be
needed and the architects designed the complex around
these specifications. The following are the )notifications
for the facilities which you see
as so expensive.
[nadequacies
(l) party gym is inadequato
See Lessons on page a
 
Friday, February 14, 1961
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page title.
 
On Automation —
WELCOME To THE BEGIN.
NING OF CYEERNATION
WEEKEND. AS YOU KNOW
WE WILL DISCUSS THE use
on Misust OF MACHINES
AND COMPUTERS,
THE DEANS WILL MAKE
SOME PREFAYORY S‘lATE.
MENTS ON THE GOALS OF
THE WEEKEND . . .
WILL SOMEONE P
THE DEANS.
Grinnelliuns Attend Vote Conference;
Efforts to lower Voting Age soil
By Janet l-lala
Two Grinnell students, Mike
Dejoie and Bruce Armstrong,
attended the Iowa Conference
on covering the Voting Age held
last Saturday at Camp Sunnyside in Des points, The conference, sponsored by the lows
Young Democrats, was attended
by high school and college students from throughout Town.
The purpose of the condition was the discussion of the
recent bill in the Iowa legislature to lower the voting age in
Iowa to fighters. Tuesday, after
the conference, the bill was detected. ,
The Grinnell students attending went as representatives of a
recently»formed Grinnell Committee for the Advancement of
Universal Suffrage at fighters
— CAUSE, The National Student Association, the Young Re
publicity, the Young Democrats, and the lawn Federation
of Teachers were represented
at the meeting.
State Senator John false (R),
who sponsored the bill, and
State Representative Dan Johnson (D) were discussion leaders
for the conference.
Loggia Looks Remain Locked
By Paul mailman
lf after-hours requirement of
Grinnell needs constitutes a
fire hazard through possible one
argument in the logged, the college can easily install “panic
push-bars” on the logged doors
for emergency exit, according
to Building a Grounds (3&6)
Superintendent Evan garden,
However, the college has
plans for a crashvbar door sys—
tel for next fall that Should
solve the problem," reported
AWS Board President Karen
Lauterbach.
garden assisted that the existing locked-logged arrangement is safe, since the night
watching and the housemothers have keys for the logged
doors.
in the unlikely event that the
doors should remain fucked
during a bad, earlyunoming
fire, said garden, the women
can universe the logged a long
way in either direction or they
can escape through first-floor
windows on the street side of
the Quad.
Loci-ring of die doors apply—
entry villages Section L2 of the
state firesatety regulations for
directories:
“aims shall be so arranged
and maintained as to provide
free and unobstructed stress
from all parts of every builds
log 01‘ structure at all times
when the building or ski—inc-
title is occupied. No loolcs or *
fastenings to prevent free escape from the inside of any
building shall be installed on
exit doors,"
In an Sail! interview Monday,
garden said that he was spyware ot this rule, emphasizing,
though. that tire prevention ii
a very strong 138:6 concern.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIItlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Carleton Student Leaders Visit
 
By Steve Kent
pictures above is the newly elected Carleton
Student Association President Eric hands, left,
discussing Carleton problems with Grinnell Stu<
sent Senate Speaker Bond Faulwell and a friend
from Carleton. hands and four friends from large<
ton Visited Grinnell February 910 to talk inner<
holly with SGA President Steve Kent and other
Grinnell student government officials concerning
campus issues of mutual concern. Carleton, like
Grinnell, is experiencing a period of stress and
uncertainty while a possible policy of room visa-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
nation is being worked out. At present Curletonis
and have two afterwards and one evening of opens
hours.
per week on each campus (men's and women's)
for a total of twenty-four hours a week. This is a
temporary policy subject to revision by 3 students
faculty-administration Open House Committee, A
major question yet to be resolved at Carleton is
determining an exact definition of what conduct
is or is not acceptable during open rooms. Other
issues currently under debate at Carleton include
allowing students over twenty-one to drink in
their rooms and the discrimination of women's
Photo by Krys Newton
Hillilllllllililltlllllllllilllllllllillllllllllllillllilliillllilllllllllllllllltllillllllllllllilltllllllilllllllllllltlllllillllllllllllilliiillillillilllllllllllllllllltllllllilllllilllllllllllillllllilllllilllllllllllllilltlllllllllllilllltililliillllllllllillillllllllllli
“They get tired of our camping
about fire hazards around
here," he noted
The tiresaiety code also defects the State Fire partial to
make regular inspections of cole
legs facilities. “The State Fire
marshall have never inspector
our buildings.” commented maiden. “Schools seem out of
sounds for them,
“It‘s the same at other
schools — they don't have inspections, We are inspector
twice a year by our insurance
companies." he added.
However. the February 2i
Des points Register reported
that State Fire partial oil<
our Johnson's staff has inspector all Iowa colleges and universities, except Grinnell and
the University of iowa. within
the last two years.
Johnson plans to respect
Grinnell lifetime this spring
Other aspects of the fire-safe
ty situation on South Campus
have periodically been customized. Last spring Miss Lauterbach found that many fire extinguislieis in the women’s
calls were incredible due to underpressiire. They have since
been exchanges.
She ask turned the fire estates that read into the courtyards between individual forms
“a force.” Most of them end
nine feet. above the ground —
too high for safe pumps. Several of the courtyards themselves are fire trips, she adds,
because they are planned with
available shrubbery,
garden explained that the fire
estates do not reach the ground
primarily to keep children
from playing on them.
He noted that semesterly iii-o
skills on South Campus. also desired by state law, have proven effective in starting the
women to emergency procedures. The calls, garden said,
can be cleared in about two
minutes
Miss Lauterbach said, how
ever, that five minutes is I
more reasonable estimate for
applying the logged.
The men's calls have long
isolated the fire drill require.
ment; there have been no skills
on North Campus for about ten
years. according to Head Resident Terry Moore. They probably have not been reinstituted
because no one would fall
them seriously, he calculated.
President Glenn suggest said
Thursday that he has asked
garden to meet with the State
Fire partial and that the college does not plan any action
until it receives state instruction.
President suggest added that
garden had assured him that
the directory buildings are fire<
proof and that the possibility
of fire spreading throughout the
Quad was .very unlikely.
garden also told suggest that
women students would not be
wrapped in the event the form
caught on fire because the head
residents would unlock the
doors with their keys. Mr. Leg.
gets informed, however, that ro«
france on a few keys to free
hundreds of students might
prove inadequate in a panic
situation,
Attenlpi to REACH Across Gulf;
College-Town Group Now reflect
ay nipples Murray
reflect now except for its
high school tutorial program.
REACH was potentially one of
Grinnell's most peaceful college
groups. The organization, however practice at present, rep
results an idealistic concern
which, though comment, is not
entirely dead among Grinnell
students.
Begun in the tall of 1965,
REACH was the outgrowth of
student participation during the
preceding summer in a Chicago
social action program of the
same name, The Chicago project, which had included classes,
workshops, and cultural ﬁeldtrips for high school students
of varying backgrounds, calculated several Grinnell students
into considering a comparable
program for the Grinnell community.
An early report of the printer REACH group described the
purposes of the organization as
“providing a basis for a coming.
together of different economic
groups" and as “providing a
new meeting ground which could
reach across old generations."
in the process of planning
specific action, the initial leaders. of whom Jeanne Cook, Jane
Parish and George Wittgraf
were most active. explorer existing town facilities and exist<
trip town needs. They found
found that. outside of the nov-
ie theatre, a few pizza houses,
and an Uncle Sam’s Club high
school night (which had limited
appeal and response), Grin<
well high school students had
little opportunity for construction
retreat‘on. -
As failures became more are
quest, REACl-l’s hopes of pro
moving a full-time, paid complexity recreation director, informal workshops and study
groups, and weekend activities
gradually dwindled The only
eligible result or any of the
effort was the addition of million high school tutorial to the
already-existing junior high pro
gray.
By last fall, attempts to re
live REACH did not succeed
beyond the tutorial coordination
effort. Asked why REACH had
failed, neither Jeanne Cook nor
Jane Parish were able to isolate a reason: the problem was
simply a combination of “insufficient organization,” “too
little free time." and "dlsap«
apartments leading to a general
1053 of enthusiasm."
Leaders Cook and Parish still
feel, however. that both the
students and faculty of the college have something to centre<
cute to the rest of the community—something more than
the tutorial programs and Uncle
Sam's Club. valuable though
these projects are, structurally
dead, REACH still exists as an
idea and an Ideal.
 
JD‘S RESTAURANT
situated—at 121V: Main.
Erlnnoll
) Draft
(Continued from Page 1)
event within about ten days,
it was learned this week.
It was also tested that the
commission’s major decor.
conditions are to Include the
following: (t) the eventual
ending of student iielornients;
(1) the training ot youngest
men first; and (a) that some
tom of random selection be
adopted to replace the current
draft process.
hunting “informed sources”,
the New York Times reported
Feb. 8, that there was “Virtual unanimlty" among com-
 
WHO CARES ABOUT
INTERNATIONAL STUDIES?
simon College Does!
Attend the simon College International
Studies Center in Hamburg, Germany.
32 semester hours academic credit granted
for a full year at the Center.
GONTAGT: Prof. James F. Hyde, lr.,
chairman
Department of German
simon college
simon, Wisconsin 54971
 
It's New!
New Location — 812 Commercial
New Equipment for Better Service
Even an Entirely New Building
SCARLET AND BLACK
mission members "that It was
affair to let determines for
graduate students become exceptions from service, as Is
now the case." it was also
learned that the decision to
recommend the eventual ending or student determines was
reached by a narrow margin
vote.
Meanwhile, in student polls
at 13 colleges and universities, the us. National student Association reported over
on per cent of students said
they do not teen that students
should be deferred just because they are students.
Other findings: more than
70 per cent said they are not
amount,
EIRTHDAY COMING?
One of limit Special times
in a person's file A time to
say you date...and tags
enough to send the very best
—a Hallmark card mm olll‘
SelECiltlIl.
Book ’n card
 
We would like to invite all of you to come see our
brand new premises.
We specialist
In
“Bachelor candles”
Especially
' Shirts
and
Wash Pants
while's Grinnell laundry
812 Commercial ,
satisfied with the present
Selective s a r v l o a System;
more than 70 percent would
meter to have to serve in the
Peace Corps, V I S T A , the
Teacher Corps, etc., as an
alternative to military
service; . . . .
President Johnson will pre
sent a bill to the Congress alter
considering the committee's
recommendations. A reform oi
the Selective Service System
must be underway by June 20,
or the draft boards will not be
allowed to register anyone new.
The article went on to say
that 90 percent of the students
pulled felt military construction
was sustainable
Dean s. Eugene Thompson
brought this problem to the
attention of the student senate
which has as yet taken no
action. Dean Thompson feels
that students should act now if
they want to preserve their
draft determine status the does
signed the effectiveness of alternative (arms at service, such
as the Peace corps, since such
programs are being cut back
rather than expanded
} Court
(Continued l-rom Page i)
the evening was the creation oi
a committee or policy evaluation and recommendation The
function of this body is still
undetermined, but its major task
win probably be to establish and
evaluate policy-guidelines. Robert quote, CofHP president,
commentary on the apparent
need for this, stated, “The
guidelines set up in the handbook are assure.”
The schedule for the Com?
election was also presented
Wednesday. relations will be
accepted until Saturday evening. Sunday through Wednesday the candidates will tour
North Campus, and the exec<
tion will be held Thursday
Also announced was the designation ot fri Henry-York
cleaner [run the Board of Pub<
locations. He is being replaced
by aaron Liberman (English).
friday. February 24, I961
WIIA Conference
The National conference of
the Athletic and Recreation
Federation of College Women
(National Association at the
WRA) will open March 19 in
Madison, his. This convention is or special importance
for it marks the fiftieth annie
version of the ARFCW.
Grinnell has in past yearalways sent generates to national, regional and state conventions, but a special invitation to become a delaware is i&
[died this year to all interested
students. The Grinnell WRA
hopes to send a large delegation because it feels that this
convention will be of significant value in exploring the
role of recreation for the total
college community.
This is of more than theoretir
cal interest, for Grinnell is
about to begin a new recreation program, indicated by the
planned physical education
complex.
The convention details a
saturday experienced trip to
the University of discussing
from March 29 through April
2. interested Students should
contact Beth Whitmol‘e or any
member of the WRA Board as
soon as possible.
[”17]!
En/‘oy “print-Free" FM
FMVTAELE RADIO
The GAY NOTE I models306.Trim,
generator style cabinet plus all the
length quality features. New, advanced length FM tuner; automatic
Bass Boost circuit: large 6” oval
speaker. Line Cord FM antenna,
Choice of 4 color combinations to
blend or harmonize with any mom
decor.
$29.95
LEEPER
Music Co.
It is not a "plus palace". It is
an establishment that feature: time
Italian online.
What'l a matter
with these people, anchor? Can
you imagine? " Fina Poldco"l7l
class.
I-AHRvn
nirvana's Pizza
sat-tm
pro. Delivery
 
Friday, February 14. “767
} Apartments
(Continued from Page 1)
Dean Thompson expressed
the administrative attitude toward off-campus apartment living to an 5&3 reporter in the
following manner:
I. The administration looks
with discover on off - campus apartment living.
, The character of Grinnell
would change basically it
students were allowed to
live off - campus.
An interpretation of “rest-
central college” as “morris
tnry residence” is arbitrary, but so is everything
else.
.territory life has educational advantages as follows:
a, opportunity to meet
many different kinds of
people
b. chance to learn to live
with others
0. providing oi new students in those already
involved in campus ac-
(miller,
Students expression comments
opposed to oiircampus apart<
merit living (2 students who
were against this suggestion
covered college — owned offcampus housing as an alberta
time) listed the following basic
reasons for their opinions:
1. Lack of contact with other
students
2. forms provide more con<
sentences (era. said service)
3. Apartments are less physically presentable than
forms
4, Parental disapproval
Rather than exploring the
usual editorial technique of
presenting my own opinions of
these attitudes, I am going to
allow the students who commented favorites an the idea
of out-campus apartment living
to speak for themselves; in
fact, it is the students who both
favor and impose the residence
system who are writing this
article,
The following are represents»
time quotes taken verbatim from
the 5&3 questionnaires; the
first group deals with the general topic or alt-campus living,
and the second represents more
specific concerns, principally
the need for independence,
A
CourtireySet
girls a,
stopped? %
Absolutely! i
SCARLET AND BLACK
privacy, quiet, olicampus social life including both students
and faculty members, and a
rather exclusive disease, in some
cases, or the directory system.
READ FOR YOURSELF:
Comment {mm a present apart-
ment smaller: (senior male)
“i am living on campus to
an apartment right now, and
I much prefer it to living in
the directory. i think that
when everything is added up,
like rent, telephone, electrical, furniture, etc, 1 end up
spending the same amount
of money i did on a form
room. However, the privacy,
quiet, and feeling of real independence make all campus
living much more desirable
and removable."
General comments:
"I belize that restriction 20
or 11 year old adults to dumb
(Dry life is affair and indicating. The school is being initially conservative and sims<
ly pig-headed in not admit
king that at least seniors and
seniors should have the op-
community. Social life dress't
have to be so limited and
controlled when the armenia-
station is dealing with students
of the culture usually found
at Grinnell." (freshman male)
"Students are young adults
whose present location has—
pens to be that or going to
college As young adults, they
should be permitted to choose
not only their location, but
also their place or residence."
(senior female)
“Up to a point form life can
be beneficial in that the in<
dlvidual can nationally decide,
through discussion with many
different people, on the type
of life he wants for himself.
But, after an individual has
decided how he Wants to live,
it is just as necessary for
him, in a learning situation
such as an academic community, to test his ideas and
to ﬁnd out whether they are
realistic {or him. If they are
not realistic, it’s better to ad
just now than later." (junior
female)
Page Fin i
iiillhillilhlihllihllllhhlllihuhiilllhillhllllihillhilliihlllhlllhlliiil
Chapel
There will he a dramatic
reading by two students, Wit»
liam,shall and aaron rangers
in the chapel service Sunday, eur
titled “The Flood” which is talk.
en from Come Sweet Death: A
quarter from Genesis written
by E. David easier, Dean or
the Chapel at Stanford University.
lllliilllliilillllllllilhililllllilllilillllIIlllIIllllIIillilllllilllllillhlllhlllil
Patronize Our
Advertisers
“WHAT a BUNCH or coupons humorIan, sell-righteous bigoix, rhssa Ideniagues,’ How they mail a. greene'ng
themselves on their their triumph
—devel'rl( rh. Dragon apartment l‘n
hi: allow not Just too bad I! 1,300
of their [allow Cl'li'len: on the carrier
Franklin or Roosevelt—on their way
Ital-nu from tight months' men
work depending the kind hi world
that permit: such ideolotuu to keep
c sail o it only
mini-n. — on.
"non: their
options."
for a (m copy a, iii.
(urllni hm. .r NA.
lloNAl REVIEW, mil.
In o.pt. cm, usd l.
as a. N. v. M. N. V.
Examining produce in an open-air marketplace in vision is one way to broader o_ne's knowledge of the ways of the Portuguese people These girls found exploring the markets of CIUBX around
the world a relating change from studies undertaken during a semester asset on sherman Colleges
ﬂrating campus—now called World Campus Aﬂout.
Alzada Knickerbocker of nashvilleﬂenncsseerin the plain dressireturncd from the study»
travel semester to complete her senior year in English at Radcliffe College. .
Ian shoppers or Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, a graduate ot the University of Tennessee, and a
former Peace Corps Volunteer, ﬁrss pursuit graduate studies in international Relations and re—
turned a second semester is a teaching assistant in Spanish on the world-Circling campus. _ .
Students live and attend regular classes aboard the es RYNDAM, owned by the ECL Shipping
Co. of Bremen for which the Holland-America Line acts as general passenger agent. support aclIVh
ties are arranged to supplement courses taught aboard ship.
As you read this, the spring semester dosage of discovery is carrying 45_o undergraduate and
graduate students through the Panama Canal to call at ports in Venezuela, oraadz Argentina, Nigeria,
Senegal, Morocco, Spain, Portugal, The Netherlands, Denmark and Great Britain, returning to New
York May 25.
Next fall World Campus Aﬂout—sherman College will [like another 500 students around the
world from New York to Los angeles and in the spring, a new student body will journey from
Los Angeles to ports on both west and east charts of South America, in western and northern
Europe and as far east as Leningrad before returning to New York.
For a catalog describing how you can include a semester aboard the RYNDAM in your educational plans, ﬁll in the information below and mail,
.5'4“. World Campus Afloai,nlrsotnr oi Admissions
sherman College
Orange. Culiltnnin “DH
get: prints a gardenvfull of
springvblooming blowjobs on fine cotton lawn. .
cuts a cross jacket and A-shape skirt, adds a shots
in listing milan. Jacket, $13.00, skirt. all.oo 3.15
shall, $6.00
Przselrl Status
Freshman
Sophomore
Nam (Last) (First)
Cmpun address Tel.
State___le.__ ’“m‘”
Senior
graduate
City
POYNTER'S
40h Avenue sessions
' Permanent address
, City
' Name of School
nd ’
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Six
) Play
(Continued from Page 1)
in wellness management) that
sends to expensive the redundantcy of the piece. His voice
has me same sentence. His
youth is an opportunity handicap to the role, demanding more
majority than he is capable of
suppliers. his mother is well.
played by trends Thomas and
Howard earned, as his father,
shows the ratings of a fine
I: h a r a C t e r actor. Richard
Schmiechen has trouble using
his body gracefully on stage,
but plays an intellectual parish
with a good intensity. Dale
Dreyfus is one of the few members of the cast who processes
the necessary saturday and he
does well in the role of another
friend of the would-be everyday. bobby Pannwitt does likely with the part of the allocated
first wife.
By far the treat and the star
of the evening is Debora Abbott
who plays Quentin‘s second
wife. Clearly based on Miller’s
own wife, Marilyn Monroe, Miss
Abbott brilliantly manager to
smoke the character of a
troubled, featured sex goddessst
insecure. afraid of everything
SCARLET AND BLACK
MAKE-UP ASSISTANT bobby Craig applied white shoe
polish to color Howard earned's hair, at part of the
process of aging him for the ml. of the mayor—old
Ind everyone and respiratory
trading an infection With which
no man will ever be able to
accurately supply her (much
less our gambling internal
hero). When she is on stage the
show comes alive and things begin to happen. Sometimes it
ls peculiarly traveling to to see
how successful she (and Miller)
is in developing and engineering
this unhappy Creature. Like
"Sons and Lovers” by D. H'
Lawrence, "After the Fall” is
clearly a self exercise for Miller, and in plays this kind of
financing is much more managing and obvious. It becomes discussing, not because it has its
own electrical punch, but because we are all too familiar
with Certain details of Mr. Miller's life When Eugene O’still
wrote about his family, he step-
father in After the Full.
united that the play not be pro<
dated until ten years after his
death Be that as it may, Deborah Abbott is a superior talent
and is on her way to being I
fine actress.
The production as a whole
suffered from some opening
night sloppiness (light cuts
missed and taken too early),
and some occasional slip-show
staying by director Meyer.
There is also a racing difficulty.
While some of this may be due
to the independence of the actors, Meyer's connection of the
highs and lows and the rates
at which scenes should go was
again awfully respective. Of
course he is working uphill
against it script that is built on
the left movie of reputation, but
Photo By Susan hansen
that won't stop an audience
from scratching behind the ears
after an hour and twenty minutes of first act (there are two).
When all is said and done
“After the Fall" ought to be
seen There is some very good
acting and even if you catch
only one teeth of Quentin's cambridge,’you will have food for
thought. Moved you will not be,
but you Will be designated off
and again by what translated
on the stage. It may be a failure, but it is not a total failure
nor is it an uninteresting one.
The Grinnell cast has titten off
a mighty big chuck of theatre.
Whether it is good theatre is
another story, but I am related
to say they have given the play
quite the production it reserves.
Convention Politics
By Dan Bucks
The longest and closest convention in SGA
history ended at 1:45 a.m,, Monday, with the
withdrawal speech of Ray Horn. The two vote
leaders, and only remaining candidates from an
original field of four, Craig plain and Rio Made
hotel], were thus nominated for the election on
thursday.
The one decision factor that gave plain and
MacDowell more votes than Horn was superior
ﬂfor organization All three of the candidates
came into the convention with wide, and apparently nearly equal, popular
support, The technical po<
optical skill of the plain and
MacDowell supporters one
naked them to pick up a few
extra independent votes in
the convention.
Early in the following, the plain organization
launched a vote drive that caught the other
groups somewhat by surprise. Instead of playing
I cartoons game and riding votes as did the
other groups, the plain workers revealed their
candidate’s vote strength on the third ballot by
shooting plain's total up to 69 votes from the 24
that he received on the previous ballot. By the
fifth ballot, a football effect had listed plain’s
ﬁnfl to E7.
The MacDowell supporters were able to respond to the plain initiative nightmare rapidly
 
News
Analysis
 
 
 
than were the Horn workers. They broke the We
role level on the sixth ballot, and on the seventh
ballot MacDowell's vote total actually extended
plain’s. Also, on the seventh ballot, the Horn supporters finally replied and managed to boost
Ray's total above 91).
Because the plain and MacDowell organized
tions were able to make their vote drives earlier
than the Horn organization, they could consultants their support earlier and at a slightly higher
level. Both plain and MacDowell had, in the later
balloon, effective support that could keep their
vote totals in the high 90‘s and above. The Horn
supporters, however, had their effective support
limited to the low 90’s.
A clear distribution of candidate support also
emerald in the later balloon. plain's support was
based on South Campus votes, while Machwell
and from both relief on North Campus for their
primary support. an the last four announced bold
lots, plain drew an average of 54% of his votes
from South Campus and 46% from North Campus.
Horn, on the same balloon, received just 43% of
his support from South Campus while 57% of his
votes were from the men’s calls.
MacDowell's support was even more overhalanced toward North Campus, with 59% of his
votes coming from there. plain’s strength on
South Campus was later reflected in the fact
that he carried the women’s calls by a slim margin in Tuesday's election, but lost to MacDowell
by a decision margin on North Campus.
Friday, February ﬂ. I957
lllllllllllllllllllilllllnllllllltllllllillllltlllll A student Opinion lillillllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllillill
A Motion to english
The SGA Convention
By Mary calcium
Ed Note: A motion to eliminate the SGA convention will
be presented to the Senate
next Wednesday night.
The benefits of the SGA code
mention are clear. The most
valuable one is that it involves
a large number of students in
student government, and thus
increases the probability of an
SGA which is in touch with the
students. The convention involves students who serve as
generates in the process of
nomination the SGA president.
As an all-campus activity (and
all-campus activities are rather
rare) it involves another substantial number of students as
disorders.
There is also some benefit in
the way in which a convention
involves students. Organized
groups of supporters, in order
to win obligations. must not
only support a candidate but
know why, and be prepared to
articulate their reasons. Prior
to the conventions, “machines"
are forced to deal with the information of the campaign, and
this is a very good thing.
When the convention is underway, the “machines” having
wound up with actual facts and
issues, however empirical, during the campaign go into a final
run which is not very informational, The convention itself is
the ideal arena for pressure
politics, imposed not only by
the “machines" on covering
generates, but also by vehe
merit hall obligations on presenting voters. Although a certain minimum of individual integrity would, in theory. render
such pressure interactive, the
pressure makes the lo-hour convention into a marathon insurance test. A dirty kind of politics. based on negative arguments and group pressure, goes
on in the convention which would
simply not be as useful in a
general primary election, where
each Vote is cheaper and given
only once and in secret.
Unique to the convention is a
low level of obscenity occasionally discussed as humor, and
much-rating finally between
calls and computer. Unique to
the convention is one of the
largest topless expenditures of
human time and energy I have
encountered on this Campus.
Over 3600 man hours went into
the 1967 Convention at party,
and the actual purpose served,
that of following the field to
two candidates, could have been
accomplished nearly and clearly (and, compatibility, instantaneously) by means of a pro.
mary election.
The elimination of jan candidates, nomination speeches, and
the instructor ballot has been
suggested as a compromise. it
is a valuable compromise inns.
much as it could preserve the
convention’s useful function of
stimulating B wellrorganized,
enthusiastic, informative cam.
paignr However, such a pricing
of the convention leaves its against british announced: the
fact that it offers a situation
where high pressure politics
are peculiarly useful. While
pricing the convention would
lesson the waste of time and
energy, and lower the obscenr
ltd level, (with, individually, n
corresponding dip in the excito<
ment and participation genes.
aged). it would not strike at the
heart of the problem, “political
animation."
“Political animation" is not
something ice can entirely eliminate, anymore than we can
raise participation to a full 100
per cent. But in planning Campaign and election procedures,
we must seriously bear in mind
that some activities are not!
conducted to animation than
others. i am not going to deny
that the convention achieved A
high water mark in participation. It is noteworthy that only
76 per cent of the campus voted
in this year’s final elections. 1
will deny that this participation
is either especially instruction
to the individual or strengthening to the student government
association.
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllltlllllllllilllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIIllllllltlllIIItlllIIlillllIIIillllltlllllllillllltm
MacDowell elected
By Pat Smith
pic MacDowell, SGA President-Elect, said Wednesday in
a statement for the 5&8, “The
success of next year's student
agreement will depend not
merely upon the enthusiasm of
the student leaders, but upon
the enthusiasm of the students
' as well.
“The year 1967-1968 will be
very important in setting new
procedures for - - the role of
student government, and
much t i m e
will be spent
working in
the context of
a new structure for the
Wllesc com— Munowell
munich in the proposed abolie
tion of Women’s hours, the new
court system. and the South
Campus resident program. Also,
the newly elected leaders will
need the support and the ideal
of the student body."
Craig plain, who ran a close
race for the sea providence
against MacDowell, expressed
his congratulations to MacDow—
all. and his desire to thank
all who helped him in his Campaign. He added that perhaps
he would apply for a position on
the new community court
Ray l-low was out of town,
and hence unavailable for some
ment at press time, and Trip
Kennedy said he would do what
he could to help MacDowell,
but could forever no political
plans for himself. ‘ ’
 
Friday story 14. I967
Confetti and Banners
Photo By Susan hansen
‘viii undertake Trumpet’
By David wilson
The recent SGA election
raises more questions than it
resolved. The student body has
failed to provide a clear mandate in regard to its long-term
aims and the means of their attachment. The new SGA leadership must be challenged to
corporate more clearly its direction and programs,
Two distinct approaches to
campus affairs were represented in this campaign. The first—
that of Ray Horn — sought
progress through registration
and accommodation. Legislation
of social life had to be shared
with the administration. According to this position, positive
academic co-operation could
more readily issue if efforts
for rule changes were compared
and moderator.
This outlook revealed many
defects: it relief heavily on
diplomacy and good will from
an administration which, despite police rentals, has been
often "neither nice nor rational.” Genuine differences of
value were ignored. The humidity
imposed by structural necesSity
-— the pressure for students,
faculty, and administrators to
follow group interest — was
not accurately faced. Still,
Ham‘s case offered some reference, and more a small
chance of success
Craig plain based campus
problems with much greater
depth and consistency Institu—
signal conflict and disrespect
for rules were to be counteracted by student determination
to alternatively template theme
serves. The attachment of more
privacy — an essential aspect
ot the matching process H was
tried as the primary social
goal. Student participation in
academic like could be expand»
ed through greater SGA fiscal
independence
While common positions on
matters of campus concern
were to be sought with the administration and faculty, vegetables of action would be followed, so that construction pro-
totals could not be detected -
through bureaucratic inertia.
Communications with the student body — a major issue for
all candidates — would have
been established on a regular
basis, through creation of a
“drive Council." Formation of
a community court — a guard
anime for consistent enforcement of necessary rules — was
given a high priority.
In addition, a realistic attitude
to concentrations, recognition
differences ot purpose and de
free, was repeatedly outlined.
plain offered all these initiatives
Within a cohesive philosophical
framework — a promising integration of vision and action,
The campaign of pic MacDowell seemed in some reflects
an opportunity contest. Having
contributed iiuittully to campus
life — Interim is the best example — MacDoweil made
some worthwhile suggestions for
social and academic progress:
e.g., the need for group recreational events and foundation
grants for sea. But he locked
a structure to unity his ideas, a
trameworlr of accompanying
goals. Statements on concentrations and on practical methods
of communication were often
value, shipping, and uncleveloped. In brief, MacDowell
presents a confusion image. His
broad perspectives are apparently “liberal,” but his program
for implementation seems inconsistent, conservative, and
sometimes drive. While an amalgam of views may attract a
wide electoral base, MacDowell
as President must offer direction and decision. The middle
course is not enough,
To make certain that SGA is
sustained in momentum and
purpose, plain and his supporters should form a “shadow
cabinet” — a group of con
corner students who could offer
specific legislation and provide
a philosophical basis to demand
needed institutional changes.
The new leadership must some
how be motivated from below.
Student government must take
a critical decision. Are we to
have consensus or commitment? -
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
Proposal for Guaranteed 7' asian
By Suzanne member
5&3 Associate Editor
ED. NOTE: This column is my planned
response to the “News Analysis” article, accounting a tuition increase. More than
straight reporting, “News Analysis" articles
are intended to serve one of two functions:
either to present internetﬂve reporting of on
event as a recover sees it; or to report facts
which are the necessary background for the
presentation of a particular news-based viewpoint. The previous article served the latter
function since it was my hope to announce
the tuition rise and the reasons for it in a
manner which would allow me to use that
{actual background in presenting the following editorial view.
President suggest's announcement of next
years 8160 cost increase, deferred as a response
to higher operating costs, raises an interesting
question: is an annual fee increase the only sold
icon available to the college to deal with rising
costs?
periodically Sound Alternative
1 submit that it is not the only solution available and that an alternative periodically sound
and philosophically more sustainable has been too
peremptoriiy discussed by the administration.
That alternative is a 4-year guaranteed cost plan,
now in operation at both Beloit and St. Olaf,
which insured entering students a uniform 4—year
fee. (Former editor John Wolf proposed such I
plan in the Nov. 5, 1965, 5&3.)
Legqen. Suits: Say "Unmiistie"
In an interview last week, both President suggest and Dean Stauss labelled the possibility of
installing a guaranteed cost plan at Grinnell "unrealistic” and “more trouble than it’s worth."
The administration argument against the guaranteed cost plan runs basically as follows:
1) The college’s operating costs are subject to inflation and are not guaranteed, so
the students should not expect guaranteed
costs either;
2) Unlike Grinnell, schools which have
guaranteed cost programs are church related. ensuring stable equipment;
3) New students would have to bear the
print of cost increases under such I plan
and average fees would be higher at Grinnell than at competing institutions without
the plan;
4) Therefore, a guaranteed cost plan would
ut Grinnell in r less desirable position
for competition for students, whose parents
would sitting comparative costs at their face
value;
5) Finally (added as an afterthought by
President suggest) the application of an entering student is not 1! funding legal contract
with the student guaranteeing particular
fees; in fact, an application is merely a one
year proposition concerning I student's Ititendunce It the college.
50 runs the administration position. It sounds
sustainable and realistic — at first, Even a supervision investigation of the argument, however,
reveals not only logical and virtual inadequacies,
but assumptions on the part of the administration
which contractor the college’s stated aims.
Strong Case for Cost Plan
There is a strong case to be made for the establishment of a guaranteed cost plan at Grinnell,
rather than for the unwelcome confirmation of
annual cost increase announcements. The case
for guaranteed costs can easily be argued on its
own series. However, since the administration
has chosen to register only objectives to the pro
local, it may be more significant to establish the
case for guaranteed costs by answering the arguments presented against it.
In discussing the economic and philosophical
certification of the guaranteed cost proposal, eco«
comics department members Robert H. I-livecam
and William dollar concerned in the opinion that
such a plan would be “periodically possible” at
Grinnell. dollar commented more specifically,
"it’s basically a question of whose is the ultimate financial responsibility for rising costs —
the college or the parents.”
dollar considered, “What the student is ‘btiy-
ing‘ at Grinnell is a 4-year college education. The
college is in a better position than the parents to
make an educated guess, to take the economic
risk of protecting cost increases which would dot
service the comprehensive 4-year fee.”
Yearly Raises Nor Responsible
Perhaps it is time to deal with the administran
tion’s objectives to guaranteed costs in their re:
specific order. First, the fact that the college’p
operating costs are subject to inflation and arc
not guaranteed does not mean that, therefore,
students’ fees must briefly reflect the said
trend. If this college were the normally respondent
and responsible institution it claims to be (so.
President suggest‘s February 8 speech to the Student Senate) and really wishes to produce grades
ages who reflected the “wellness” character “ink
recent” in the liberal arts, how could it selfishl!
refuse to accept the economic responsibility for
cost increases?
Schools Have More Stable Income
The administration argued that schools which
presently operate guaranteed cost programs are
church related and therefore have more predictions and stable endowments than does Grinnell,
A bit of research recovered the following interesting facts which reflect on this argument:
1) Grinnell, with an enrollment of 1150, has
on equipment, according to lounge Treasurer George Kaufmann, valued as or August
31, 1968 at $16,598,000 (market value; tools
value is $10,584,000), including enjoyed
scholarship funds of $623,000, according to
the present catalog.
2) lists neloit and st, Olaf have 4-year
guaranteed tuition plans, Both schools have
larger instruments than does Grinnell (be.
lost, 1350; so Olaf, 2,370). Although St.
out is church-related (American Lutheran
Church) its total equipment of $2,294,000
pages in comparison with our own and yet,
its comprehensive fee ($2200) is lower than
our annual fee. Beloit‘s comprehensive fee
of 33,000 is only 5100 per year more than our
own,
Thus, it is not correct to argue that church}
related schools are necessarily in a better economic position and better able to predict their
costs than is Grinnell. Moreover, if both Beloll
and St, Olaf, which are in relatively interior economic circumstances in comparison to Grinnell,
nevertheless assume the responsibility for cost
increases, there is no economic certification for
Grinnell’s negative position.
Guaranteed Fees a Selling Point
As for the third objective, two colleges with
smaller becomes than Grinnell (and larger student bodies) now operating on the guaranteed
cost plan are charging fees either lower or only
slightly higher than Grinnell’s $2900 charge for
1967—68. Moreover, guaranteed cost fees are higher than average annual fees only for the initial
two years of a student's attendance and, in the
end, given inflationary costs at Grinnell, probably
tue out to be a long-run saving for the student
and a more predictions income for the college.
The public relations effect of a guaranteed
cost plan has not proved unavailable at either
St. Olaf or Beloit, In fact, both colleges use Ch!
plan as a "selling point" in their catalogs. A
thoroughly explained and publicized guaranteed
cost program at Grinnell might well become an
attractive factor in competition for students.
since other colleges would not be able to offer
parents comparable economic security.
Application Not a Contract
President suggest’s final objective to a guaranteed cost program contains the most listening
implications of the argument. While it is true
that an application is not a binding legal con—
tract, it seems like hair-selecting to desperate this
point in the face of statements like the following
in the Bulletin (P. 22): “Grinnell is devoted exclusively to the liberal arts. It offers an inter
stated fourvyear program. i ."
An applicant to Grinnell is buying, not a year’s
directory residence, but a Grinnell education, an
education which normally takes four years to
complete. A college starting such on “integrated” program cannon in all conference flag.
ment its costs and illogicaliy refuse to consider
an “integrated" 4-year guaranteed fee program.
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February 24. liar
 
Stewart Describes AGM Programs
By Paul Nachlnan
Practical research experience
and contact with students from
other midwestern colleges are
important geneﬁts of the Associated Colleges of the Midwest’s
lACM) programs, according to
ACM President Blair Stewart.
Speaking in the South Lounge
February 8, Stewart detailed
the ACM's Argonne Laboratory,
Newberry Library and Chicago
Urban computers; its Central
Air conditional
SERVING I4 KINDS OF
PIZZA
HOURS
Mon. Ihvu cal. _
4 pan. to I turn
Sun. — 4 pm, to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
:33; $125
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Salad
PHONE 236-5331
927 Broad — Grinnell
DISCOUNT CENTER
Johnson Br Johnson
COTTON BUDS
44¢
CLEARASII. STICK
98: Value 57¢
American, huntington College
(Liberia) Graduate Studies, and
Wilderness Field Station programs.
Grinnell students may party<
create in these programs because the college is a member of ACM, which consists at
all colleges in the Midwest C01luggage Athletic conference.
The various ACM programs
acceptable for academic credit
at the member colleges are
“designed to take advantage of
some unusual resources that
Wouldn't be available to individual s C h D D l s , " Stewart
explained.
Open to junior and senior
biology. chemistry and physics
motors, the Argonne semester
includes six months OI seminar
studies and research at the
Atomic Energy Commission’s
Argonne National Laboratory
near Chicago. Participants receive 15 e rs of college credit
and are pa d for being research
Aerosol
$1.49 Value 83¢
MISS BRECK
HAIR SPRAY HOME PERMAHEH
”a Value 53¢
STAINLESS STEEL
grid Deodorant
 
assistance to Argonne scientists.
The Central American pm
gray currently others re
search opportunities in Costa
Rica for sociology and biology
motors. The students work In
the field gathering data regarding agricultural productivity.
“There is a great need for in<
formation that intelligent under—
graduates can collect," Stew
art commented.
Adventuresomo students defining to serve a developing
society should consider teaching at Liberia’s huntington College, the only African liberal
arts school south of the Sahara
suffering from a constant face
ulty showcase, huntington explore ACM graduates as graduate assistance. teaching freshman courses In their areas at
specialty.
ACM's Chicago Urban semester offers another opportunity
for practical teaching expert
once. Participants, who must be
first—several' seniors with education methods credits, encounter “education in a live
context,” Stewart noted.
Students who have had intro
factory courses in biology or
geology may scroll in the Wilderness Field Station program.
A summer program running
from June 19 to August 22, it
centers around the ACM facilities in the Minnesota border
lakes region. An introductory
field course in geology will also
be offered this summer at the
University of Montana. Open one
1y in current ireshmen, it has
no prerequisities.
The ACM also others the Newberry Library (Chicago) Seminar in the Humanities. which
provides extensive opportunities
{or independent research in hu<
families,
Stewart arrested that students
have to {it ACM studies into
their own academic programs.
He added, “They are not suit
statutory for any courses you
may have taken on campus."
The research experience and
the insights into career possibilities are what make the
ACM experience worthwhile.
} Letters
(Continued horn Page 2)
for the present enrollment for
several reasons. Due to lack
oi teaching stations, the number of e. E. classes have had
to be reduced this winter. With
the addition or three more
gym units, more courses could
be otfereli during morning
hours, enabling more students
to fit courses they want into
their schedules._
The long water
seriously happens activities
such as baseball, tennis, golf
and track. This problem would
be solved by adding three gyln
units. The “martin" surrneo
which will be used as ﬂboring
in these units results damage
by suites or rough abuse. in
view of this improvement indoor practices during the winter in all sports mentioned
would become a reality. The
three units would enable the
men's intramural programs to
be moved entirely to the afternoon. No longer would variety teams dominant all the facilities. Finally. the P, a.
complex will function is both
o men's and women's gym. To
See LETTERS on page to
in Iowa
HANSEN’S
DANISH
MAID
BAKERY
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
816 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
IPANA
STORE
HOURS:
TOOTHPASTE
2 For 7%
Value
2*" 37¢
LILT
Push-Button
$2.60 Value $144
9 am. to 7 p.m. Friday
9 am. In 3 [mm Mon.. Tues.-
Wed.. 'l'hurt.I Sat.
Score Hair Cream
Tube
$1.09 Value 63¢
T shell Concentrate
Family Size
SI .45 Value 84¢
CAMAY
Normally 3 Bars 35‘
in... 4 m. 35¢
religilliissur c,,;,,lg;,,,,, military hopkins
‘7‘7¢’~’"7" 1’ ,, . ' l ﬁﬁ.zt‘:z..-...-:
TIMEX WATCHES
As Low AI
4 $521
FEMS
EXCEDRIN GILLETTE BLADES
Bottle of 100 I’mk of 10
$1.4ngalué'88¢ ' $1.45 “I“ 97¢
NORELCO
SPEED SHAVER
With printer
3192.-
 
Friday. February 24. I957
think Turmoil ls Progress: hilton
By Harold jason
reset by the identifies of dry
weather, Pennsylvania farmer
William hilton took time oil
iron: his regular chorus this
winter to, in his words, “arrange some turbulence in China
to give me a platform from
which to speak,” and set oil on
n speaking tour to discuss the
“Cultural Revolution in Chi<
ha,”
The turbulence was no difficult matter for hilton to are
range since, as he pointed out
in his talk to a full South
Lounge on Monday night, “Senator Eastiand in 1956 proved in
a three hour speech to the Senate that I had singlehandedly
organized the Communist moreover oi China.”
Mr. hilton himself spent two
and a half hours, mostly devoted to answering student
questions, giving what he
called a positive view of the
cultural revolution. “China,"
hilton maintains, “is at a turning point — a decade of tranny«
tion."
The turbulence now taking
place has grown out of the expansion or the old commercial
classes from the Chinese ruling
alliance, and represents a later
rural transition to the next
step
with our .
Professional
Dry Cleaning
""d Magic
Finish 7
w ’
Let our skilled definitions
prove how we can keep
your favorite tracks looking “Forever New" with
the finest quality dryclenns
In: And our . . .
MAGIC FINISH ata’Nu
. . . at no extra cost to you.
Aulluhi. .t late
ﬂink "a South Campus
crown. Ago-ck!
MEEKEB’S
rLaun-Dry cleaner:
stage of the Chinese Socialist
revolution. The revolution, according to hilton, began in the
1340': with the ﬁrss attempts
to overthrow Chinese mechanism
and excel foreign influence.
This first stage was not completed until 1949, when sao use
long led an alliance of workers, interventions and commercial classes in overthrowing
Chisng Kai lhek’s submitting
regime.
The expansion oi the commercial classes thus represents the
next stage in completing the so
analyst Evolution. In hilton’i
well»informed but opened Marx-
SCARLET AND BLACK
ist View, the turbulence now
taking place is not only predictions but absolutely necessary. Moreover, it is not to be
interpreted as a reasoning or
sao’s grip on power, but as
yet another or the “waves in
which he has transferred
China."
hilton, who speaks from a
broad background of research
and experience, has just published a book describing his experiences in China in the early
parties, Fanshen, A focused
mary of Revolution in s Chinese
Village.
hilton first went to China as
a newspaperman in 1937. Eight
years later he returned as a
propaganda analyst {or the (1.5.
 
 
 
 
 
 
government. Again from 1941
until 1953 he served as a tractor
technician in China under I
United Nations program.
Returning to the US. in i953
with the notes [or his book, hilton found himself Caught in the
morris oi McCarthyism and
his notes complicated by the
Customs Service. After three
years of legal matching, he re
gained them long enough to
have them announced by Senator maryland’s internal secure-
ty Committee, Two years later.
the country having returned to
synthetic safety, he finally got
back his notes and began the
book, which he ﬁlisted last
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. William hilton
Photo By Surrn hansen
General Electric is an easy place to work.
All you need is trains, imagination, drive
and a fairly logged constitution.
Oh, yes. Something else that will
help you at GE. is an understanding of the kind of world we live in,
And the kind of world we will live in.
There’s a lot happening: The
population is continuing to explore.
be strain on resources is becoming
ﬂamong. At a time when men are
being loved by the batteries of.
space, we're faced with the task of
making life on earth more disable.
There’s a lot happening at 0.15.,
too, as our people work in n hundred diﬂevent areas to help solve
the problems of a growing world:
happening more (and cheaper)
electricity with nuclear realtors.
Controlling smog in our cities and
MM‘WMd/MWM
pollution in our streams. Providing]
better street lighting and faster,
transportation.
- This is the most important work‘
in the world today; Helping to‘
shape the world of tomorrow. Do:
on want to help? Come to General
generic, where the young men are
‘important mom,
o’rurnit@tttcrnlc
 
bag Tim
M
} Letters
(Continued from Page 8)
provide enough teaching stations for both functions, increased gym llnlts are air
viruses required,
capable equipment (tennis,
badminton, volleyball news,
grocery targets, etc.) could be
used in either of the large
' , making the units more
effi ent. Fixed equipment
such as a golf cage could be
powered from the ceiling to
protect other classes from possible injury. Fixed equipment,
however, would not be duplicated in both united The building’s efficiency would be further increased by superimposIng six basketball courts, tennis courts, badminton courts,
Ind a 220 yard track on the
three unit spice,
(2) Five men’s locked rooms
are necessary because several
teams use the R E. facilities
It the same time during a season. For example, wrestling,
We Repair
Shoes
Just Like
New
— 14 Hour Sci-via. —
variety and iresliman based
ball, and intramural teams a
using party during the present season. To put it simply,
space is required to keep per»
pre horn shipping over one another. ottloo 5pm
(3) Increased pulse space
will be used in several ways.
Tlta men’s P. E. department
employee I full-time store»
mary, and the woman's P. E.
department employee a maritime secretary who will path
be using ofﬁyes, In Addition ta
the secretariat And the P. E.
staff, student organizations
such as the folk answers, White
caps, Honor G, And intramural
participants would use the
newly available office space,
(4) increased classroom
space is needed by the P, E.
department according to John
deutsch, director of intercollegiate athletics. Other departments could also use these
classroom facilities, Ta have
bathrooms built near or in
ARK, as the editor suggests, id
_ MOYER'S SHOE SERVICE
'1‘ — 4TH AVI.
We HoIIow print
All Types of Ice states
Most Size: for Ladiai & Men In Stock
HARRY'S SPORT sH'or
SCARLET AND BLACK
not relevant to the problem
because available funds would
be deleted only for 2 R E. complex.
The swimming pool is one of
the most ecological features
of the proposed P. B. complex.
It is cmcltornrshapod allowing
students and competitive swingers to use the pool simultaneously. The pool, excellent from
the double standpoint of
teaching I n d recreational
swimming, is to have I constant 4'~5' depth in all parts
or the pool except the diving
bay. An instructor could therefore teach in almost any part
of the pool,
Only a small amount of tlma
i! spent actually swimming
during recreational swimming
periods. By having the pool at
the proposed depth, connection would be believed from
the sides a! the pool. Finally,
because of uniform depth, this
pool can be built for the same
price as a conventional rectangulir pool with 2/3 01 its
area used as deep waters
A great deal or controversy
has developed over the priority
and cost of the P, E. complex,
These two areas are closely related. The P. E. complex has
been on the priority list since
19614 It has been pushed aside
several times. However, at this
moment the opportunity for a
half million dollar federal
grant and the increasing costs
of construction (4%76% annually according to Donald
zambia, Treasurer of the College) have placed the P. E,
complex at the top 0! the
priority list. According to
President Glenn suggest, educational need determines the
priority." President suggest
feels that at this moment, in
relation to the need 101' a R
E complex, we have adequate
library. classroom, and oliicc
facilities.
Cost
compatibility speaking, the
. cost ot the P. E. complex is
not gnu‘avnglnt, lbs cost per
square root oi the proposed
complex ($20) when compared
with the coat per- aouarc look
oi the library ($25). Forum
($30), Ind the Fine Arts Center ($32) does not seem unreasonable. When compared
with other colleges' facilities,
our proposed complex is type<
all. For example, according to
John Prilscn, cartoon has a so;
000 sq. ft, women‘s gym, a 57,.
000 sq. it. men’s gym, and a
40,000 Sq, ft. fieldhuusev (All
figures are appropriations).
St. Olaf has a 115,000 sq. it.
complex in addition to a 40.000 sq, ft. gym. Our complex
would be roughly comparable
to that of each school in our
conference except onmouth,
whose present iaci ties like
considered to be worse than
ours.
Emphasis on individual
sports participation is great at.
Grinnell, as demonstrated by
the number of students participating in I,M.'r and in the
size of the Pt E classes. With
this and other previously mentioned factors in mind. we be»
leave there is A defining need
for a P, E. complex. what, it
any, or the supposedly extravagant facilities could be
removed from this complex
without happening the R E,
program?
Richard Wickstrom
Student representative
physical Education
Building Committee
Ed. reply:
Richard Wickstrom, like
most components oi the PE.
complex proposal, continues to
view his plan in all its isolated
glory.
My editorial attempted to
View the place of the complex
in a “total environment" —— a
theme which Mr. Wickstrom
obviously missed, He continues
to justify the corporate plans
for the complex in terms o2
so-called needs. He still fails
to consider the principal question # that of emphasis and
degree.
Since Mr. Wicksu-om choices
to pick apart the plans rather
than deal with the issues i
suppose I am dedicated to
discuss the matter on that
local once more. I can only
repeat that three new gyms
can not help but duplicate
party many times over,
That the complex could detroit trim expenditures on other buildings is acknowledged
by President chgctt. He says
i that if th'd college does not get
the expected funds it could he
forced to raise money on its
own.
1 repeat also that, although
there were students and faculty members on the “RE. complex committee," the rest of
For All Your
SMOKING
SIIPPLIES
muscle Down To The
VARSITY
"7 bread
ready 14. I967
the campus was in fact lclt in
the dark Senate represented
times should be reporting reg.
nearly t0 the student body
while their committees are in
session, not other decisions
have been made.
—Krys Neuruui
After the Forum
To the Editor:
To be consistent with the
tone established by gaming three student union “who
Forum,” wo suggest that the
two-million dollars R E, contplox he named “The Color
seem."
Jan lincoln
picks Crandull
Gladiators?
To the Editor:
We applied the additions
building program initiated by
this institution. We hear that
the new P. . complex will b.
called the Colosseum in record with that grand Roman
tradition which began with the
Forum. However, we wonder
how soon it will he before students are thrown to the lion:
and who the generators will he
Kathy Karlmn, Mary Zlck, suBaumcr.
kitchen Foods
To the Editor:
1 am 7 virtually and liberal.
ly — fed up! 1 am tired of being served up the same sort
of representations offer three
Sec LETTERS on page 11
Headquarters For:
7"~as"<
ILDUSES - SKINS
SW‘A‘IEIS - DRESS“
9
URINNELL
chairs Sunday — 4 Day:
continuous Sunday
Please Not. _
Icnllinq Change
From Calendar Llsilna.
ALFIE' meets
SHIRLEY
SHIRLEY
MacIrﬂlNE
MICHHEL
china
“GHMBI’I‘”
TECH N lCOLOR,
 
Friday. February 24. HA7
SCARLET AND BLACK
aug. Elnvon
M
NSA Discontinues CM Support
Grinnell Rep Views NSA future
By Martha jersey
The disclosure last week that
the National Student Association
has been recently receiving substantial funds from the Central
Intelligence Agency for the last
14 years, has started interest
reaction throughout the organization and has provided further investigations of CIA gene—
station in other nonrgovernment<
til associations.
NSA is the nation’s largest
college student group with std-
sent body membership or about
300 computer including Grinnell. The association operates
on a yearly budget of about
$900,000, $200,000 01 which has
come from the CIA under the
cover oi as private foundation
grant, primarily for use by the
International Affairs branch.
The discovery came in an an
tournament of an article coming in the March issue of Ramparts magazine.
Grimell NSA coordinator Phil
Bertenthol says or the exposed
link-up, "As far as Grinnell
goes, this won't have any direct
on NSA here. We are involved
primarily in the student-services
angels — the insurance plan,
student lD's, and travel plans.
There are really very low participants in the international
actions'es.”
In a statement released by the
National supervisors Board or
ﬁle USNSA, it said:
We are checked at the ethical trap into which young men
or great integrity have been
placed by convert actions or
the cm. renewable people actIng out of the best or notices
were faced with an impossible
choice: to export the relationship and thereby harm themselves and hundreds of others
or to remain nine: and thereby be discovery to new generations of students.”
Only one or two top filters
each year knew about the CIA
funds.
The National supervisors
board has unanimously ordered
the complete and permanent
reference of all ties with the
CIA.
The State Department in cold
laboratory with the CIA. issued
the following statement of the
government’s position.
"The purpose of the modern
ment support was to provide
free students with the means
to do the things they would have
done decided had they had the
funds. Federal support was begun at the peak of the cold war
for use in formatting tommy-
Patronize Our Advertisers
nistrlinanced efforts at server—
sign."
Bertenthal, who was u dell<
gate to the NSA National Con.
press last summer, said about
that meeting, “I got the im—
pressing that there has always
been some nutrition cast on
the international branch affairs,
with the idea that they were
trying to act as a junior state
department.” He expressed
hope that now, with the CIA
funds cut—oil, the asociatlon
would be able to get funds (or
programs more concerned With
the majority of the student
members. This would include
expansion at student services,
and funds to back the drive for
the 13—year-old vote and civil
rights support “which have
been very much stiiiled by
lack 01 funds,"
At any rate, the NSA-CIA ex.
ensure will spare a receiving
investigation into the clandestine activities of the Agency.
E. J. JENSEN. OJ).
OPTOMETRISI
Eyes Examined
Contact Lenses
Across from Past Omen
? (india-sf
720 5TH AVE.
GRINNELL
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. lOWA
Aerorr iron. the Past Olllto
WAYNE’S STEAKHOUSE
"the sex"
restaurant -cocktail| lounge
speaks ‘
Next to the Theater
) letters
(Continued from Page 10)
times a day every single day at
Cowles and at the Quad. But,
ultimately, I am even more sick
of listening to often-intelligent
people make focuses for food
the: cannon possibly be focused any longer,
Perhaps the meals have at.
tested their minds or perhaps
they have been so long index»
oriented by parties administrators that they can no longer
for the Grinnellianh daily
heartburn is not adequate,
there is always the second:
“sub, well, we can get. lots
and lots of seconds."
Well, surely, that fits into
our symbolic logic, dress’t it?
i mean it one file ol garbage
weight for; than another that
makes the former better.
vsah. sure . . .
Well, my friends, I’ve got
another freeze from the east
for you (it’s coming from
Cowles and it skills to high
heaven): This may be an in<
selection, normally defined,
but I don’t expect that means
I have to live like an invite
at Leavenworth. And neither
do I think I should have to
subject like i: mono in a re
various institution.
This is the institution where
i pay $2800 I year to learn
and to live. And you may not
want to do anything about it,
but I am. I’m going to throw
up. Blah . . .
Neil kitchen
think It all.
but whatever the cause, the
result is well known: Every
time someone even so much as
estimates that Saga chicken
might taste better if it were received of its ability to ﬂy. we
hear someone beach the same
acrimonious institute: “Duh,
well, it's pretty good for institutional good."
Well, sure, i guess because
Frank kitty only killed thirtyseven people and richmond
killed over a million that
makes Frank a pretty nice guy
alter all.
But it the ﬁrss explanation
For
year—round
Service see . . .
COLLIIM’S
These U.S.Air Force oﬂ'items are
getting what they want out of life.
You can be one of them.
What are they doing? They are performing
a job of importance. Hour alter hour. Year
after year. Many of them will ser‘ye for 20 or
more years. The fruitful part of é‘man’s life.
Will yours be fruitful and creative?
Or just spent?
you’re going to college to do something
construction, important. And you can be sure
of it, in the U, 8, Air Force.
Start now in the Air Force ROTC program
on your campus. Your Professor of Aerospace Studies will explain the variety of
career opportunities. Pilot. Navigator. Engineering. Science. Administration.
if you get in on it, you get paid to be part
of the most exciting technological breaks
throughs of all time. You’ll become a leader,
an officer in one of America's most vital
organizations...the U. 8. Air Force.
You can be part of the Aerospace Age
when things are most exciting. .at the begin-
king, While you serve your country, the
whole universe will open up to you.
There's a 2-year Air Force ROTC program.
and the 4-year program has new attractive
scholarship provisions.
Lots of men waste their working years.
But you don’t have to be one of them.
UNlTED STATES AIR FORCE
Box A, Dept. RCPV72
Randolph Air Force Base, Texas 78148
(please print)
———___________—__
 
Page Twelv-
SCARLET AND BLACK
llllilillllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllilllllililllllllllllllllllllllllllll
"0n the Right Track"
By Barry income
The basement of the women's
gym is small, bank and hourly
lighter. It is also the home of
Grinnell's indoor track team.
Nine men, under the coachIng of Gene robert, complete
the team, the smallest in years.
Most of the nine are middle-and
long-distance winners, leaving
springs, handles and field events
hardly touched by the Pioneers.
The coach expects to pick up
some hundreds and stainless
team the basketball team, but
this will give an outdoor squad
of only about ﬁgreen.
Where are the track men?
The coach feels he has almost
every good upperclassman running. The college just inn’t getting track men, or very many
athletes at all, for that matter.
"Athletics is down here,"
Coach robert observed “and
probably our only winning
teams next year will be swimming and -wrestling.” The
coach designated to assign
blame for the decrease in inter
collective participation, but
felt that the current Admissions
Office attitude toward athletics
was somewhat responsible.
“They bring in a group of
freshmen and expect to find a
cross - section of high school
graduates, with a professionals
number of athletes.” Within the
recruiting rules of the Midwest
Conference, robert felt that
more could and should be done
to secure the “scholar-achieve."
“The new greenhouse would be
a good drawing card,” he added, "College track meets would
make the atmosphere here
more desirable for high school
students considering Grinnell
and high school meets would
introduce many students to us."
The present track cannon be
used for meets, and its hard
surface and consoles make it
dangerous. The team ran with,
or rather behind, Iowa and
Northeast Missouri State at a
meet Feb. 11 at Iowa City. It
was excellent practice running
on a good track, and pic MacDowell turned in 1257.8 in the
half~mile, luis fastest time.
There is an interest in intercollegiate athletics at Grinnell,
but it taxes and wants with
the success of its teams. Athletics is, and should be, a part
of Grinnell life. It is opportunity
that present circumstances have
placed it in such a poor position.
Consideration of a new greenhouse and a more realistic admissions policy are not the
only solutions to the problems.
but they are certainly on the
right track.
illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll llllillllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllilllllillllllillllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllll‘
carmen Win
Saturday Match
The Grinnell wrestling upset
a strong team from plymouth
College 21-19 Saturday in party
Gym. The victory was not assured until the last second of
the final match.
Mike partition, 115, won a
5-0 decision; Roger Claw, 123,
was signed in 3:30; and Grinnell corrected the 130 class. This
put the plymouth scott ahead
1073.
John potential, 137, fought
his opponent to a,6—6 tie. and
John charge went unchallenged
at 145. Bob Van Wyck won u
6—0 decision to put the Pioneers
on top 13—12.
Randy state lengthened the
lead, winning 5-2 at 160. The 161
match, shared to be a perfect by
Grinnell, turned out to be a “no
contest." Don Kraitsik, moving
up to 177 for this week’s meet,
came close to a pin several
times and won M, putting the
team scores at 1912.
The lightweight class was a
perfect by Grinnell due to Bob
seller's move down to 191, so
the score entering the final
match was 19-17. A three point
decision would have been
enough for a plymouth victory, but seller came from behind to tie his match at 2»2 and
' send Grlnnell to victory.
In f r e s h m a n exhibition
matches, Dave larger, his, won
t 16—0 decision, and Bill Wedding won 4-2 at 177. Bob LaBell, 160, dropped 2‘13. Bob banking, wrestling MollmDuth’s variety 130 man, signed him at
2:40!
The travelers did not fare as
well against Cornell Monday.
The freshmen were detected
2979. and the variety shared
their fate, losing 3043.
The designation of the Pioneer
variety’s no man adds another
gap to the thinking means. The
wrestling take on Carleton and
St. Olaf tomorrow at Northlleld.
[age Will, Lose Two
By Barry Ancona
The Pioneer basketball team
stopped their losing stream at
22 by heating joe 5245 last Fri.
day at Cedar Rapids. The longawaited victory was witnesses
by five Grinnell students.
The Pioneers played an eX<
collect game, and led through
out. They were up 4246 at the
half. The team played heads-up
ball, giving up only two customers and hitting most of their
free throws. accounting: , reed by Thor johnson, helped
keep Grinnell on top all the
way.
The Pioneers ran a successful
small for the last three minutes
of the game, something they
have rare occasion to do. The
scoring: Schwartz, la; johnson,
13; Wlngata, 12; Hill and Able,
10; Lower, 93 highs, ﬂ; Rankin,
4.
The team's effort against Be
lost the next day was less effective. The Pioneers lost 7354. No
Grinnellian scored more than
oightpoints.
The Pioneers hosted plymouth tuesday and the scott
were mysterious 87-71. The first
team started'but was replaced
as the first period more on. The
Pioneers trailer by only your
points at the half.
The defeat came in the first
few minutes of the second half,
as plymouth rolled up a '
teen-point lead. The scoring:
johnson, 16; Hill, ; Able acid
Hibbs, 8; .Schwartz. 7; paintball
and vintage, a; Lower, 5; Watt
and sussex, 2..
, Schwartz and clubs dropped
to seventh and rights in center-
once scoring after Tuesday’s
game.
The team travels in Northfield
this weekend to take on strong
teams at Carleton and St. Olaf.
A home game against joe next
Friday should give Grinnell tags
a chance to see a Pioneer victory. A big turning would look
good in party, and we should
be regarded with a win.
swingers Win
Triangular
The Grinnell swimming team
was mysterious over too and
Knox last Saturday in the Grinnell pool, Final short of the
triangular meet was Grinneil
73, Knox 59, C09 22,
Bill month captured two first:
and Rich Lance and Ken sherman each won single events.
The wesley relay team also
won,
The freshmen spam exhibition in both delays, and broke
conference records in both. The
team of earn-ran, Siekzrt, williams, and anderson broke the
old forward wesley relay mark
with a time of 4107.5. The old
mark was 4:08]. The AUG-yard
lifestyle relay oi explain,
anderson, Schaalman, and
german equipped the old record
by five seconds with a time of
3:38.
The Pioneers swim at home
again this weekend taking on
two strong teams: Lawrence today at 4 pm, and Eeloit to<
mirror at 1 pm. These should
be fine meets to watch,
 
“Man and His Tools l" lecture Tonight
Friday, February 24, 1761,
I. M. Sports
By Bill Gray
“Is this what everyone wants
to play?" With this query, play.
er-coach betty James sent her
James Hall purehearts out to
tackle years in the battle of the
titans, Going into this contest,
James led the league With a 3—0
mark while years was 24].
betty James and Cindy Root
bumper center and with the tip,
the last substance of safety and
organization passed. The first
five minutes of the game was
highlighted by seven jump
balls. four souls and no points.
By the end of the first quarter, years had bumper out to a
7:0 lead in a fantastic some‘
thing or other shot by “Red"
paperback. The second quarter
brought disaster to James as
betty James went to the side.
lines with a obtained angle.
With this, James lost their best
player. Cindy Root scored and
martha brake made the first of
her free throws and the maritime
score was 4-1.
The last half was equally exciting as Marie long got four
points to pace Meal-s while
James could only cash in on another oi martha brake's soft
free throws. The final score was
10-2 and the victory catapulted
years into first place, James
dropped to second and Main
held third with a 2-1 mark.
For those interested, there is
an all—star game Saturday, Feb
ready 25 at 1:00. For the unified.
sites, this is a specially worth
seeing. i think the type of game
you will see can best be expressed by the remark of one of
the years girls made late in the
game, “Pass it to her, she's in
the end zone."
Returning to the mandate
world of North Campus was<
ketball, Clark continued to show
late season improvement as
they beat co—leader Smith twice.
The “A” team, led by Bill Lee:
30 points beat Smith “A" by
nine while Sam partial’s free
throw with 8 seconds left in the
game gave Clark “B" a one
point victory.
liable simplified its hold on
first by hosting West its fifth
and sixth losses of the season.
South “A" configured the ex.
parts by winning a game. thus
leaving only Cowles and Gate:
“B" square without a triumph.
That statement will end this
week although it is possible that
both teams will lose. The accompanying statistics are not
quite as interesting as those
displayed in the girls’ basket.
ball game but at least they are
accurate (t h r o u g h February
15).
The intro—college bo w l i n g
league tightened up as only five
games separate the first and
last place teams. Dave johnson’s 217 and Bill Gray’s 213
were the highlights of last
week’s selling.
“A" Team Statistics
liable
Smith
North
Langan
Clark
West
6—0
6—0
3—1
5—2
4—3
4—3
Gates
Cowles
watson
East
South
Leading flowers
1. Rich MCGinn — watson
2. Dan mailman — Smith .
3. Rick Brecunier - liable .
4. Dick lovely — Clark
5. Ron Cogswell _ North .
5. Carl Guhman —- Laugan
7. Paul Thurston — nlbhlo
8. Bob quote — Gates
D. Jim Poison — West
10. Chuck Wall — North .
"B" Team realistic!
Clark
West
level
smith
Lungun
North
0—!
8—1.
5—1.
5—1
H
2—2
East
South
watson
Cowles
Gates
Lending flowers
1r service Te waste —- East ,. ..
1. Dick Wall — West ......
3. Don Southworth — liable
4. Sum Carroll — Clark
5. Steve Carroll -— West
Ii. Bill Gray -— liable
7. Chip Kinsey — North
8. Dave Schatz — watson
9. Ron books — liable
10. Murray Nelson — South...
ADDRESS HERE;
e291103 (lauurdg
SUOI’lEia}; amend
 
