THE GRINN ELL REPORTER
Vol. 74 Grinnsll college. Grinnell, Iowa soul, Friday, May IV. 1757 No. 29
4 Reporter- census burlington: protest
ileggett membership of '66 textbook ,
An Editorial
 
 
With this issue of The Reporter we lease
publication. This issue does not include our normal news coverage and the staff will not put out
a announcement issue as previously planned. We
find it intolerable to continue our service to an
academic community which makes a spam of student publications’ autonomy. If one publication
can be blanketly centered — in this case the 1966
textbook ~ then all are in grave danger.
The cancellation of the textbook is the latest
and most serious miscarriage of proper publications procedure. All regard for rule and reason
was ignored when:
l.) A collegesponsored book was received
by the college for review without the known
edge of the student editor.
2.) The book was cancelled due to what
the college counsel and President Glenn suggest have turned fabulous material though
none of it has of yet been substantially
3,) Cancellation of the book came before
discussion with the editor and a publications
lawyer,
4.) The college’s Student Publications
Committee — of which the duties are (according to facility committee bylaws) “to function
as Publisher” of the college textbook, among
other publications, and ”to exercise general
supervision of all student publications" —was instantly superseded in power by administrative victim.
5.) When the cancellation of the book was
appeared the issue was placed back in the
hands of the Committee in the form of a proposal which called for Committee review and
editing of the book “for tone and balance” in
the absence of the editor. The Committee
promptly passed the proposal—voting against
their own bylaws. which outlet prior membership of any publication. Though a committee member later moved that the proposal
was invalid due to its illegality, other committee members refused to angel the pro
local.
G.) A student non-voting but regular
”staff" member of the Committee (this editor)
was barrel from “private” proceedings of
the Committee, which least with the textbook issue, while a faculty following “exofficio” member. Chairman of the Faculty
Joseph Wall, participated. Publications Committee Chairman Benjamin Graham refused
a request for a vote on admission of the editor
to the meeting. In the past. Publications Committee meetings have traditionally included
all members.
But the hypocrisy and happiness of this committee during the present crisis represents no departure from its usual methods. And the covering
fact is, similar problems are bound to refer given
the present Publications Committee structure
which allows a faculty-administration majority.
Under the present system:
1.) One administration member (to advise
on business matters) and four faculty menu
bars, specializing in subjects ranging from
English to science, dominant four student
members, only two of whom are involved in
actual publications; the other two are selected
by SGA. The only professor of journalism at
Grinnell refused to sit on this committee. Lastsemester when the Committee Chairman
Henry - York cleaner assumed administrative
duties — a role causing contracting interests
—the Committee (again flooring its bylaws)
allowed him to continue in his position until
repeated objectives by a student member inserted him.
2.) Decisions of this committee eliminate
in a vacuum of knowledge about publications
(due to the members background and lack of
interest) and about student culture [due to the
faculty majority). The present Committee
chairman, Benjamin Graham, is a professor of
biology. Further, faculty opinions, by their
very nature, are always subject to administra.
time pressure. The result? The recent selection of a superior candidate for the position of
Reporter editor by Committee members uninvolved in student publications — a decision
which rejected the advice of the Committee
minority who are actually involved in and
knowledgeable about publications.
3. The faculty chairman of the Committee assumes disproportionate power over publications affairs. In the recent dispute over
the 1966 textbook, Chairman Graham supposedly represented the Committee yet at
least the student members were left totally
in the dark as to the growing storm.
4,) Though matters of label are a subject
all learning writers should study and though
value warnings about printing fabulous material have been better about time and again
in discussion of Grinnell publications, the
Committee has made no effort to execute its
members and the students its sponsors as to
the boundaries of responsible journalism in
the real world.
Considering these problems and considering
the time'computing nature of serious creative
work for which Grinnell refused to award act«
comic credit, the student at Grinnell actively dedicated to the communications arts and to student
freedoms faces break prospects.
In light of these recipient problems, a plan
for representation of Grinnell's system of dubai<
nations should appear fairly apparent, Voting
membership on a publications committee should
be briefly completed of student representatives
from each publication and from the radio station,
possibly an additional member being elected by
the senate. A non-voting administrative advisor
should be available for consultation on business
matters, One or two faculty members could sit in
on a regular advisory basis. This committee
should restrict itself to technical, legal and financial matters relating to publications. The college should also hire a processing journalist (possibly from Des points) as a partition consultant.
This consultant could, for instance, advise in matters of label. Finally, students must be encouraged
in the invaluable learning experience of publish-
Editorial continued on page 5
 
Page Two
The Grinncll REPORTER
 
Editorials .
Two more out on models —
Once again the means (Richard centers, Alice Low and 5. Eugene
Thompson) and members or the Faculty Committee on Student affairs
~(tlZ'cnis de Coteau, George Zimmar, penny neither, Bruce Thomas and
Joseph Wall) have thought it their place to pass personal (and prtidisli)
moral documents on others But as modern society gives up the “in logo
parental” concept, we will eventually reﬂact “That’s just the way people
were then . . . they coupon’t help it." (See story on page 4)
Still another ”image-maker” on not mpus
The greatest danger of a facility and administration which has
the “good image” maria is that students themselves may begin to
(our healthy controversy. The recent letter sent to all outside sub—
soldiers or The Reporter and given to all students by SGA President
pic MacDowell was another attempt to cover up and smooth over
something that should be of much concern to everyone at Grinneli —namely the men’s campus problem.
01 course we grant MacDowell the right to say what he wants
to say, but ice don’t think his “personal letter” was the best way
to go about it. A letter to the editor printed in The Reporter would
have been better; things would have been kept in context. And Mac»
powell's letter would not have been printed in this week’s Herald
register, impose leadership knows little about Grinnell and nothing
about The Reporter or "Spring Riot.” Then too, if MacDowell had
written a letter to the editor he worlds’t have text it necessary to
use The Reporter‘s subscription file without permission of The
Reporter. We suggest that MacDoweil try to avoid the common
Grinnell administration flight of carrying about public-relations
more than some at the real and pressing problems facing Grinneii.
There is a serious problem with the lite on North Campus and
“Spring Riot” was it Significant simpson of that problem. The
Reporter coverage of the "Riot” did, in our opinion give a fairly
accurate impression of “Riot” activities. It was not any more educational than the "Riot” itself; we didn’t show the limit-cleared
floors, unsuspecting girls being commander with water millions and
beer; drunken, violent students being hundred by walker—talked carry-
ing ColHP officials and doors lying shattered on hall floors.
We hope that the newly elected MacDowell is not so' drive as to
be innocent of what went on with a very large number of students “Riot” night. We hope MacDowell has some concern for the
everyday serious problem of North Campus life.
 
letter . . .
Comment on the membership
Ed. Note:
John \golf wrote the dialogue and
much oi the text to printer College
1966. Shortly before the book was
delivered to the printers Wolf helped
Wilhelm make ﬁnfl revisions and
prootread the entire javascript.
Woii is currently a graduate student
at the University of Wisconsin with
an assistantship in science writing.
May 14, 1967
To the editor:
Having worked with Henry Wilhelm
during the final stages of production of
the 1966 textbook, I can say that trim
well College -— 1966 is a creation that
should be read, not scanned. in its
present state — testing established in a
saiedeposit box — the book represents
thousands of manrhours of work. The
editors did not spend this time thinking
up ways to label the college or members
of the college community. They did
spend the time making numberless photographs e excellent photographs - oi
Grinneli students and their environment.
They did spend the time assembled ,
lodging. accepting and selecting p titles. They did spend the time connecting the final 500 pictures with a text
that provides both an explanation oi the
photos and an exploration of some as
posts of “Grinnelll — The Small Liberal
Arts College” that don’t send themselves
to photography.
Grinnell course — 1986 is not a supervision public relations too], although
many sections at the book tell happy,
proud stories of Grinnell Students. There
are “fabulous” sections, too; but to quote
5. Eugene Thompson dean of men and
former charles 81 Black communist, “I'm
convinced that this campus needs more
nature, more intelligent hell-raising,
more nursing and label, and more dissatisfaction in student affairs” (58:13, Jan.
1958). Mr. Thompson will want to read
Grinnell College — 1966!
Student affairs, however, is not the
only target of intelligent hellrraislng,
nursing, label, and dissatlsiacilon. The
editors have rightfully questioned tennis
of the college’s educational philosophy—and have even agreed with several oi
them.
The book needs no further defense. It
is not legally fabulous because it is not a
misrepresentation. Pictures supporting to
be or a pot party are of a pot party just
as surely as pictures supporting to be
of animal ecology students are or animal
ecology students.
President suggest has made a mistake
in sending the college community a
chance to view and read this legitimate
essay that should provide every Grin—
million. The Grinnell community should
make every effort to facilitate the printing of Grinnell College — 1966 and to
reject automatically any suggestion of
administration membership.
John Wolf ’66
Editor charles In Black 1954-65
Friday, May IV. "767
suggest is currently "considering"
new proposal to allow publication
of centered 1966 textbook
Ed. Note:
At a Board or Publications meeting
Wednesday, Susan will offered a motion that the proposal passed at the
special meeting Sunday, which gave the
board powers of membership in dealing
with the 1966 textbook, was out of order
as it. isolated the lay-laws lit the Board.
Miss Will’s motion was no! voted on.
Dr. Joseph wall, ex-oiiicio member of
the board and recently elected to the
State Board of [he iowa Civil libraries
Union, has allegedly claimed the holiday proposal was not a motion to sensor the book, but only the Board’s everything of o ”publisher’s preparation” in
the generation of the book for proper
balance and (one.
By l-harold union
Will there ever be a 1966 cycling?
This question is not a new one on
campus. People have been asking it
ever since the original publication date
passed last September.
Until last week, the answer had always
been yes. it had become an even more
deﬁsite yes when the completed javascript was delivered to the printer on
April 2, beer.
But, then, in a flashing blow dealt
almost simultaneously to the editors, the
Committee on Student Publications, and
the Senate, President Glenn suggest announced last Wednesday, May 10, that
publication was to be called.
He cited legal advice that there was
“considerable fabulous material in the
troops" as the basis for his decision.
At this moment, the official position
remains as it was last Wednesday: cycling ’66 (or as its editors prefer to
call it, Grinnell College — 1966 will
not appear.
Steps are still being taken, however,
in efforts to publish the book either in
its present form or with substantial
changes,
A resolution passed by the tacultystu—
sent Committee on Student. Publications, Sunday, would have made possible
the publication of the book after reView
by the voting membership at that committee without the editors' participation.
The committee with the advice of the
college’s legal counsel would correct the
javascript for potentially fabulous material. They would then review the book
for “content.”
This idea has been rejected by the
book’s editors, john Phillips and Henry
Wilhelm, who now have the javascript
locked in a safe default box. Wilhelm
said of the committee’s resolution, “We
rejected that automatically.”
Wilhelm claims he was told that the
committee in its review would concern
itself with matters of “(one and balance.” He feels this would constitute a
term of membership.
Both Wilhelm and Phillips have been
discussed from the college for academic
reasons. Wilhelm lives in Grinnell and
Phillips, now a student at Friends World
institute, is staying with Wilhelm on a
previously planned visit.
A lawyer, Michael tomato (a member of the Grinnell class of 1963) of
Washington, D.C., is now acting on behalf of the editors.
Wilhelm said, “l-forward is in the process of attempting to reopen negotiations
with the administration.” Wilhelm would
not corporate further, saying, “For,
Phillips or me to say anything about it
might hurt the negotiations.”
He added, “We naturally have very
strong feelings on the subject.” He also
said he felt there was “reason for optimize."
in an interview yesterday, suggest said
he had talked to forward by phone on
Monday. forward Said he would send
suggest a written proposal as soon as
possible. suggest described the call as
a “very capable one.”
forward's proposal would reportedly
call for a review of the book by the
college's legal counsel who would note
all material which he considered fabulous. forward would then check the report of the college’s lawyer. The two of
them would reach an agreement on
changes to be made. Then the javascript would be returned to suggest who
would have a month to decide whether
to approve its publication.
suggest is now training forward’s proposal before advertising further action.
He arrested the fact, however, that the
problem is really in the hands of the
student publications committee.
Leggeti’s letter of May 10, 1967, to the
Committee on Student Publications de«
fails the chain of events leading to his
decision to half the book’s publication.
An Official of the American textbook
Company, the book’s printer, informed
suggest by phone on April ll, 1967, that
he had examined the book and found
parts of it “objectionable." The official
requested a statement train the college
receiving the company from any respond
mobility.
suggest told the official that it is “not
the present practice of college officials
to review transcripts oi student publications before they were submitted to
the printer." He requested that its
official communicate his concerns directly to the chairman of the student
publications committee, B e n j a m in
Graham (biology)
The official wrote to Graham on April
12, 1867, His letter said, “, . . much of
the editorial content of the copy represents a major departure from what ll
normally found in a college textbook.
“In fact, it is our opinion that much
of the editorial content could possibly
result in fabulous situations involving individual students at Grinnell College 01'
the Publications Committee at Grinnell
College.”
Graham asked the ofﬁdial to return
the javascript to him so that he could
bring it to the “attention of the committee and others in a position to judge
whether or not its publication would be
in the best interests oi the college.”
See CENSORSHIP on page It
 
The Grinnell Reporter
(formerly the charles 3i Block)
Grinnell College
Grinnlli. Iﬂwl solid
0P8
A weekly newspaper published each Friday or
the college ycnr by the french committee on Student publications.
Represented for national river.
m , using by Naiiormt Advertising service, the, College
M" be “i "" Publishers Representative, in Ensr thin. Street. New
Coiicgim
flows service
EDi‘iOR . .
BUSINESS MANAGER
York 22, NY, Second class postage post or Grinnell
Iowa. subscription rate 55.09 per school year. saint
raid subscription.
.. Krystyna Neumen
, end-n flu
 
Friday. May ls. m1
-—————-————.—_~.—______‘_.
The Grinnsll REPORTER
, . . . . and the various take another hill
The ﬁget for 88l
ED. NOTE:
Robert Hodierne, editor of The
reporter (see) last year, has been
working as a freelance writer and
photographer in Vietnam for the past
eleven months. His stories and photo»
graphs have appeared In a number of
publications, including a previous issue
at The Reporter, and have been exclusively carried by UPI and AP. Hodieme, who is currently on a leave of
absence from Grinnell, plans [a return
to the United States this summer and
scroll in Grinnell again this fall. His
home is Galesburg. Illinois.
By P. Robert medicine
DANANG, VIETNAM (May 7)«
In the hills north of here nearly a
thousand various were killed and
founded this past week. I was
there and saw a lot of it happen
and I was lucky. At this moment
some are in aluminum baskets flying in a jet plane back to heartbroken families. Others are
stretched out in white hospital
beds, 19 year old kids who won’t
run again because they don’t have
much left leg anymore, who won't
find the girls so friendly because
a lot of soft-hard face was porn
away.
I'm lucky because at this moment it’s 9 o'clock in the morning,
I made it back, the press bar is
nirrconditioned, and I’ve already
had two drinks.
This battle, the fight for hill 861
and 381, was especially discussing
because more even than the whole
war, it just didn’t have to happen.
As one of only three newsmen to
actually make the assaults first
hand, I can say that this fight had
everything that is wrong with the
military.
No Marine has been able to give
a good reason why those two hills
had to be taken. various kept accounting due-in positions and being
threaded and wanted. Young entitled men and young station
leaders shock their heads, checked
their weapons, and did what the
old officers and merchants said to
do. The aging channels kept trying
them on. Korea and World War II.
two Jima. Tradition. various don’t
leave hills untaken. They also
don‘t leave dead and founded behind which dress‘t account for the
two and three-day old bodies we
found on the stores.
But never mind. take that island,
take that hill. That's how it was
in the “old corps." And so some
depending men in positions of
power drove kids into hell after
hell.
And that’s the way it has always
been. And since those old men die
and seem to he followed by still
even more old men it’s probably
the way it always will be.
And the men who are young
today will forget their studies in
the shine aluminum developed, the
wooden legs. The moment they
forget they too will be old men and
in their turn send the young kids
against topless hills of death.
And that’s why I’m telling the
young Vietnamese girl this mom
ing to mix me another. She sum
thinks Americans drink a lot and
singles at the order. Screw her.
copyright 1961 by 1:. Robert Hodtcrlu
Brmlsslun is granted to reproduce
this article in whole or in part n
the following credit I: given:
ny r. noserr Hodterne
appointed from The Grlnnen Report“
May [9, 1967 k Grinnell college
Grinnell, down
 
Page Four
The earliest
salaries
In Town!
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE
"the sex"
restaurant —cocktail lounge
speaks
Next to the Theater
We make
delicious
cookies
year-round
Service see . . .
GOLLliM’S
it dress't matter 90 "the MYTH"
pm when generation you belong
to or even if you come alive every
Io often! He can satisfy any run
in ion drinks. He has a playback
though. only people with taste
like his PHT med chicken anal delicious pizza.
"m w-
nirvana's Pizza
Free Delivery 236-6222
The Grinneil REPORTER
Friday, May I‘I. it"
Faculty Committee suspends men's mail
president and sr. girl on models charges
By Richard Schneirov
Langan House President, Richard
Weeks, a junior, and Gretchen prefer,
a senior, were suspended from voltage
this week for illegal limitation: (lV’s).
The decision by the Faculty
Committee on Student Affairs (FCSA)
means that Weeks will have to take
his final exams off campus, be equipped
at his office of House President, and
spend the following semester on conduct
promotion. Gretchen prefer will not be
allowed to take part in graduation exercises.
According to Weeks, the decision possibly represents a trend toward a cum
discrimination policy concerning such
violations. "I think this indicates that the
committee in showing a little more itemhliity. This is the most content punishment that has ever been given."
in the past, limitation violations have
been dealt with by suggestions for an
entire semester.
(When contacted, Chairman of the
FCSA penis deCoteau refused to comment on the committee’s decision. The
administration was also unavailable for
comment at press time.)
Weeks said he thought the FCSA‘s reason for giving the light penalty was
“integrating circumstances." He exp
planned that in suite of the fact that the
limitation had been overnight, Miss prefer had only been studying in his room.
in on appearance before the FCSA
with the student interim Court sitting in.
__...___.——————
Weeks explained his policy of enforcement of the college regulation concern‘
ing limitation. He said that he would not,
as an enforcement official report anyone have IV’s unless that practice was
"very instant, repeated, and increased
on the rights of other hall members.
“Illegal limitations are an indicated
matter. People should make their own
choice as long as they don’t hurt anybody.
“1 told the can that it (my policy on
enforcement) was better this way until
they start establishing a little more flexibility in their penalties."
Former soil-1p President, Senior Bob
Fame, a friend of Weeks, commented an
enforcement on North Campus. “Look at
how many cases have been reported by
student officials in the last two years.
It speaks for itself. There are methods
{or dealing with illegal limitations within
the calls Enforcement has become elliott meaningless."
“SGA officials are like anyone else.
when they‘re elected they’re not going
to stop having lV's. He added as an after thought, "Though they may be more
discrete."
costa went on to say, "A lot of people
are getting to be much more tree in
speaking about IV's. This is a thing that
has changed in my four years. The
student body is now accepting ii. m1totally." (See page eight statement by
’67 graduates.)
FOR SALE
Volkswagen
Blue |9b| deluxe sun-our is.
den in excellent condition. mo
or best other.
Available about May is
turn rnsscorr
Office or Public Relations
.ID'S RESTAURANT
operated—a) 722V: MaillGrinneii
For School or
Typewriter Supplies
Grinnell Office Supply
GRINNELL, lOWA
Across from the Post ONiu
 
Friday. May lo, m1
The Grinnell REPORTER
Page Five
 
Publications Chairman Graham: “You don’t need to understand why"
as Reporter editor is thrown out of special committee meeting
reporter Editor Krys german was
asked to leave last Sunday’s special
meeting of the Board of Publications by
C h a i r m a n of the Committee,
Dr. Benjamin Graham (biology) because,
according to Graham, the meeting was
open to voting committee members only.
When Miss german asked why the meet.
log was open to voting members only,
Graham replied “You don't need to understand,” Miss german then requested
a vote of committee members as to
whether or not she should be permitted
to attend; Dr. Graham refused to call
for the vote. Dr. Joseph Wall (history),
Chairman of the Faculty and a non-not-
ing exeofficio member or all committees,
was permitted to attend,
The special meeting was called to consider a proposal initiated by Wall and
President suggest which concerned the
1966 textbook. (See story elsewhere in
The Reporter). The proposal, which the
voting members of the committee ap—
proved, gave the committee unabridged
powers of membership of the textbook
before it would be returned to the printer.
The textbook editors, Henry Wilhelm
and John Phillips, did not accept the
proposal and refused to turn the javascript over to the committee.
Miss german, the only member of
the committee who has first hand knowledge of the book, commented on her expansion from the meeting "l’ve always
considered myself an essential member
of the committee and never created or
being excluded. The committee members
were waiting their time defining on the
textbook issue Without talking to the editors of the book H I could have told them
so. After all, who knows more about student publications, the editor of the college newspaper or a biology professor
(chairman of the committee, Dr. Benjamin Graham)."
 
} membership
(continued from page 2)
0n concerning with suggest and Joseph
Wall (history), Chairman of the Faculty,
Graham agreed with them that (in suggest‘s words) “the issue was not one of
the journalistic conference or taste but
rather of the existence or nonexistence
of fabulous material and that, accordingly, there was need for a legal, not an
editorial, judgment."
it was therefore decided that the javascript should be sent to suggest who
would deliver it happened to the General Legal Counsel of the College, Mr.
John F. sherman, a local lawyer.
American textbook Company was informed of this decision on April 17 and
the javascript was received in suggest’s
absence by Dean of the College James
Stauss who delivered it to sherman.
vietnam returned the javascript along
with his opinion on May a, the day he
more suggest made his action public.
sherman concluded, “In summary, my
opinion as general counsel for the College is that the material places the
College in a position of liability.”
He said he had found “considerable
fabulous material in the troops." As an
example he cited the use of a student’s
picture alongside copy allowing to the
use of marijuana, The student is shown
sterling on the floor over an empty 35mm film lancaster. Beside the film lancaster is threaded material of some sort.
Said sherman, "The picture itself
would not be fabulous, but the editor has
made comment as to the use of marijuana, and of course the reference is
there and the same then becomes libeloos if this were not the fact.”
It is sherman‘s opinion that pictures
are not in themselves fabulous, because
"the picture itself would be evidence of
the fact itself." But the picture may become fabulous if it is used in combination with editorial comment.
thermal cited 33 American Jurisprudence, Section 55, page 75, as the basis
for his opinion. it states in part: “At
common law, it is settled that written
or printed publications, caricatures, pictures or entities which gallery tend to
bring a person into public district, contents, or ridicule are fabulous,”
Wilhelm maintains “It has not been
shown that anything in the book is fabulous in that it has not been shown
anything in the book is in fact unique.
in the light of sherman's advice. suggest announced his decision to district
the committee on publications “to inform
the American textbook Company that
a statement of release will not be forthcoming, that said company be paid out
of college funds whatever movies are
due it for preliminary Work on the javascript, and that you district the Business Officer of the College to return to
subscribers and advertisers all movies
due them. Salaries already paid to individuals on the start of the 1966 cycling
need not be returned."
Wilhelm met with suggest, Wall, and
Graham on Thursday morning. The
book's business manager, Tim Ablett, and
managing editor, Sue Barquist, accompanied Wilhelm,
Wilhelm reportedly offered to center
with a lawyer, remove anything of a
fabulous nature, and proceed with the
book.
suggest felt this was insutiicient, but
agreed not to class all possibility or the
book’s publication until further dishes
signs had taken place.
He said yesterday, “Nobody has seen
the javascript except Henry and the
lawyer and least don’t think that's
enough. if Tim and Sue had seen the
javascript I might feel somewhat differently.
According to Wilhelm, the book has
been seen in its entirely by three people: himself, Phillips, and John Wolf,
a 1966 Grinnell graduate. Woif wrote the
dialogue and much of the book's text
and helped Wilhelm proofread the entire
javascript.
Miss Barquist has reportedly seen
"substantial parts of it" and Ablett did
not feel it was his business to see the
javascript at all.
Wilhelm said the reason other staff
members had not seen the book was
not because of any effort to keep it
secret. He said “music certainly would
have seen the entire book had she been
here during spring vacation when it was
completed."
When suggest was asked if he would
be satisfied if the publications committee
or someone designated by it would re
view the book and assure him that nothing in it was overall offensive, he answered yes.
But, he said, “Henry dress’t want anybody to see the javascript except a
lawyer. If his material had fabulous Content to begin with, I think that is reason
enough to have somebody connected
with the college at least look at it.” He
cited the fact that none of the persons
who had seen the entire javascript
were still Grinnell students.
suggest was reportedly resistant to return the javascript to Wilhelm. When
Wilhelm threatened legal action, suggest
returned the javascript, He did so only
after Wilhelm agreed in writing that the
book would not be published without his
consent as “on official publication of
Grinnell College."
The resolution passed by the student
publications committee on Sunday was
presented by Wall. It apparently rose
out of a discussion among suggest, Wall,
Dean of the College James Stauss and
Graham.
The resolution as recorded in the corn:
little's minutes reads: “board of publications takes transcripts—meets with
college lawyer—deleted fabulous materialigoes over it again for content-we
tell Henry about the changes and send
it straight to the publisher.”
The resolution was passed by a five
to four vote of the committee which
includes b guides Graham, Charles
cleaner (E ngllsh), M. M. Liberman
(English), William s, Cobb (philosophy),
College Business Manager and Treasurer
Donald zambia, and students pic Mac-
powell, Susan Will, milan norton, and
Paul Jones. Wall is an ex officer member of the committee.
The vote was Secret but it is reliable
reported that the vote was not a student
vs. faculty split. At least some student!
voted for the resolution, while some or
the non-students voted against it.
The point at issue seems to be whether
the committee has the right to go over
the book “for content,” and if so, exactly,
what such an examination would enfail.
The by-laws of the committee state
explicitly that "the committee shall not
exercise prior membership over any publication.” Wilhelm feels the resolution
as it stands is a violation of the bylaws. 50 do several members of the
committee, one of whom voted for the
resolution.
Paul Jones, who adults to having
voted for the resolution, .said, “It would
be membership. But we were presented
with two alternatives, either accept the
resolution or there would be no book,"
Other committee members deny that
it is a question or membership. They feel
that since the textbook has been almost
solely a “oneman job" and that since
the question of label has driven, such
action is necessary.
They see their review of the book as
a replacement of the “normal" editorial
process of textbook production in which
a number of student's concentrate in
producing a “joint effort."
The name change and the removal of
the advertising as well as the occupations or label, and the alleged “one man"
nature of the book’s production have
created the need for the committee's
review, according to the resolution’s sun<
posters.
Wilhelm Claims that he did not know
the name change needed clearance from
the committee. He had made no secret
of the change and had used it in the
book's sales campaign.
Wilhelm said, “The only purpose for
advertising in a textbook is to help in
financing it. We didn't feel we needed
the money. We planned, or course, to
return advertising receives already collected."
Both suggest and some of the committee members claim to be open to an
alternative suggestion from the book’s
editors.
suggest attached two calculations to
any such suggestion. First, someone generated by the publications committee
would have to at least look at the javascript. This would presumably be someone associated with the college other
than the lawyer.
Second, signed releases from person:
whose pictures appear in a potentially
fabulous context in the book would not
be accepted as a sufficient correction.
Otherwise, all suggestions will report.
edly be considered.
The editors are investigation the pos.
mobility of primarily publishing the book,
in the event that no agreement with
the college can be reached.
_—________.___________._—__—._-——
 
The Grinnsll REPORTER Friday. May :9. rm
} Editorial
(Continued from Page I)
tions work by the award of major academic credit
for their creative investors.
Other schools have attempted to solve their
publications problems and to encourage students
in these areas through similar systems. But at:
Grinnell we shoulder in an integrated and re
pressure structure and atmosphere because we
are waiting on President suggest. He allows the
faculty majority to prepaid; he sets the tone! He
allowed the membership of the student production
The Chairs last semester and he centered the
student book this spring. President suggest has
not certified the college position on membership,
even after being encouraged to do so by The Reporter and others and he has broken an agreement to discuss the subject with the senate,
As former 5&3 editor John Wolf cards:
“The administration can’t be allowed to
become sensor of Grinnell‘s accident publications. More than any other campus organization —- including SGA — the modifications are
concerned about the rights of individual students. The administrators—the would~be new
sort — are concerned about the well-being of
the “image,” not of the individual. If Presidcn suggest is allowed to exercise membership,
the individual might be “centered out” in
favor of the image,
“The fact that President suggest even
considered measuring the textbook is threatening. The fact that he did sensor it is sickeningl The fact that he, with the help of
Chairman of the Faculty Joseph Wall and five
of the nine members of the Board of Publications, is considering extending “supervision" to other publications is intolerable.
“membership is an admission by the administration that it dress’t have the ability
to deal with vigorous, controversial publications.”
DISCOUNT CENTER
CHACOI.
MOUTH WASH
20 01.
$1.39 Value
Mennen Soitslroke
M
$1.25 Value
SHARI
The Finest Name in Candy
kelly Rings
Orange prices
fully Strings
5-DAY ROLL-OH
DEO DORANT
79: Value 38‘
SUN-UP
After share motion
6 V4 01.
5|.50 Value 88¢
LUGGAGE
3~Piece Se!
Special $% 38
77‘
0:.
58¢
budget Sells (W
or
Tropical .Io HS
29: Value
Your Choice
Headquarters For:
W a
(ﬂew-W 3,
u... a: co...‘
“IT Is UNLlKlLY that fill UN will
m: be um seriously unless its grip
on reality ﬁgreat. That ll is loose!
than ever is suggest by U thank
Summer Spectacular: m. lime"... _
“whom”. 5,2335: _ are?“
'm focus world attention on racial
discrimination and colonialism in ,
soulliem african’ On the guy list ms,
in!” «No, Rev. martin realtor win},
Jun-Paul share, CORE and SNCC.
char An ﬂin-
White] by "in
m, norm REVIEW wait.
to um. 05, use a
issn.,u.v.,u.r.mu
GRINNELL NEWTON .
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
8I6 5H1 Ave. 1mm. la1pm. Friday
' 57°“ 9 can. to I pm. Mon. rm.
GrinneII, Iowa
HOURS!
Wed.. hours. Sue.
STALEY'S
BABY POWDER
41: Value 27¢
BRYLOREME
Hair Dressing motion
53¢
KING SIZE
BROMO SELTZER
99: Value 06475
ULTRA IRITE
TOOTHPASTE
FAMILY SIZE
m Vdue 63¢
V05 HAIR SPRAY
WITH EXTRA CAN FOR Io
$2.36 Value $131
PREPARATION H
OINTMENT
$1.19 Value yﬁﬁ
DAYDREAM
 
Friday. May l9. i957
SUMMER
JOBS
MALE 0R FEMALE
BOLLEGE
STUDENTS
we are hiring student: who
are interested in run time sum—
her employment, Those hired
will also have the opportunity
to continue employees‘ on a
part-time basis next fall. All
job: will give you tremendous
experience for your next school
semester regardless of your
ﬁend.
WE OFFER
. Earnings in excess of $I25
per week (guaranteed sally)
. Opportunity to walk for one
at the largest companies in
its field
. Opportunity for advancement through the summer
months
0
. II sunnrn oonrrsr
WHIGH INGLIIIIES
‘I. “5.000 in :ash scholarships
2. 335.000 in cash scholarships
3. All expense paid trips ta
Landau, Paris. Madrid
QUALIFIGATIONS
ARE
1. Near appearance
2. A y lo commerce Intelligenrly
‘ 3. Willingness to work hard
4. Ready for Immediate em-
pioyment
a
All Positions Are Most
Desirable, Unique and
Very Interesting
APPLY Ml'I. WHITE
Mon. thru Fri.. 9:00-1:00
IN MINNEAPOLIS
Call: 336-8955
IN ST. PAUL
Cell: 227-8367
IN DES MOINES
Call: 243~7589
IN SIOUX FALLS
Call: 338-0811
IN ROCHESTER
Call: 223-4652
IN DAVENPORT
Call: 323-0422
Apply Only Alter
Completion of
Final Exams
The Grinnell REPORTER
Page Seven
 
«r
STQRY
THE MAGAZINE 0F DISCOVERY
oKapow! Read about violence and
race, status and crime.
leave you heard about Agnoo-thumbnail and her sex life? tool Mali!
Read the story by Jean Galdschmidt
of Sarah Lawrence — the latest
winner of story’s famous College
Contest
0 Want a week at the Last of the Red
Hot Mammas'.’ See seven movies’
spectacular photo-essay of gamma’s
powers collins
. 0 Curious about what Norman failed
did as a freshman? Read his first
published story — in STORY
STORY is a mixture of WC. Fields, Bob
Dylan, Yeytushenko. the Modern Jazz
quarter, a steam Calliope, movie, bingo,
Marilyn Monroe, John gonna on roller
states and , you! Afresh. new, one-off
kind magazine that’s got a holding on
Who and What’s Happening today.
Discover STORV at your bookstore or
resistant. Our first issue's out in May.
Only 759 — an investment.
W The Magazine of Diwavery
53 West 43rd Street, New York, N.Y. 10036
Samuel element'pen name was MarkTwain.
His stage name is cal Holbrook.
On March 6, 1967, 30 million viewers of
the CBS Television Network thriller to
cal Holbrook’s stunning portraits of the
great Mr. again in “Mark again Tonight!”
”The 907minute program
was easily one of the
highlights of this or
any television season”
New York Times
Hear the album on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COLUMBIA RECORDS
 
 
e :mwem law-MW MMiDMusA
'l'll:
'yi ”our
 
Page right
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Forum Director Hawk cheats up South Lounge —
E
It; nice to he along together sometimes.
An open letter
Seniors admit limitations violations;
to prince" college suggest increased open form:
We would like to bring up one of the
major aspects of the open form question,
one which frequently sends to be slightly
because of it’s controversial nature. Given
Grinnell’s present open~form policy, and
given that display of infection is a natural
result of male-female relationships, one is
faced with three alternatives: 1) One could
display infection in public. This, however,
is a great opposition on innocent bystanders Would any single person venture into
the South Lounge after 1080? Does anyone look forward to wendilig his way
through interpreted bodies at barnes or
Main door”! Perhaps most important, there
Is the entertainment to the couples them
serves. 2) One could seek privacy on the
golf course or in a motel, The former is
cold and wet; the latter is not only expensive, inconvenient, and unavailable, but
leg Bluhm
Jane between
Nancy McCannon
carbon Meyer
kathy norman
melissa Ward
Jean Vandervoort
Susan Nelson
Karen Laurerbach
dinner madison
fully days
Kathy Kelly
Suzy member
Susan month)
iciircy Cook
picks Warren
David Parks
Sue Barqulst
Steve Kent
santa Hovanesslan
mary Hartshorne
Helen Belsheim
Nancy Gromko
Maggie Sharp
Marion radar
Katy members
also is inappropiate for sexual relations
other than interactive. 3) One could participate in illegal open forms, thereby
warning muchrneeded privacy, but also occurring the risk of suspension,
The college policy on open forms cannon prevent illegal limitation. In the choice
between public or private display of infection, we have chosen private, thus violation college regulations. Students will con—
since to make this choice. We feel that
the integrity of the student and his right
to make personal decisions should be recognized and respected by the administration, Let us not base our considerations
of the open form question on a suspicious
attitude toward sex, but rather let us consider those reasons for more opens which
would improve the social environment] and
benefit the campus as a whole.
david Shellenbarger
Matcla Mindell
nancy Moritz
L. Tadaro
Connie Simon
Linda real
Stephen R. thunder
Dan Bucks
Robert F note
Jonathan button
Richard Jacob
Jay Henry greater
Steven R. Eberhardt
Friday. May [9, ”61
. n . its so difficult at crime".
,, ‘ are erroneous! include n
01an on the left. The erml resulting $5M"! a, A" m" "n" ” mm"
at the Uriglllal letter and some of those who signedatllhangl'was mﬂdﬁ in (h! hills"!
553:3; tr'iiiérun::rprmlalhol the airline. kathy Cosmﬁfl,uléggahﬁﬁdiﬂogefﬂgvhfg
mm” spam “View 9 charm. 9 sponsored the letter (not members of the
mm” had Seen 3,” Home iesoo , _ll_)r on error, color to publication the
comes concerning ” king that every original si es had been
an in mint he: sincerely degrees that this error appear
The following students should not be in any Way associated with the letter at the l5":
Steven R. Eberllaidt 0. Christie Nuts
Kathy Kelly [an ll. Thomas
Suzy Gelbei John R. every
my guide“ Henry R. Ealikw
a v empire garcia Mindell la He
Ste/e Kent Nancy Moritz let Will'iraymgrnﬂu
L. Todaro
Connie Simon
issn Bucks
Jonathan fusion
Car D ’i human
margin Applehec
Sarah French
newbie towns
Jeffrey Buntham
Beverly J. Dority
George Wittgraf
Cris johnson
Steven K4 which
write West
body Burden
carol McConochls
range commander
Richard autos
Michael arrow
Linda jefferson
Mary vatican
leonard button
Jane glad
Jeanne D. Cook
Marilyn Price
C. Christie Nut.
Jan A. Thomas
Margaret deals
John R. every
Bond R. Faulwell
Henry R. balloon
David wilson
The following seniors have requested that their names he added to the letter:
Frederick Clause"
lists Home!
Judy numbers
Bill Brenzebach
Gordon Mae’spine
Dave Williamson
sense paintball
carb MEGiniY
Ralph Brat-ct
Rick arecunici
Bill Ramseyer
lee sonnnrlt
Jeﬂ oakland
Connie blood
ludlth snow
Samnzl Lucas
ricky warning
lan lincoln
The following names have been deleted as the Reporter was unable to mutant lines
students la! a ﬁnfl verificat'oil. in st mm m mm a We m . use plants should not be in any way related
lance commander
Marion Madara
Michael Amow
Margam deals
Richard H. Hellbron
Jay Williams
Harold jason
Dennis Rich
annie coleman
The above are all members
of the ’67 graduation class,
Ed Note:
The above letter has the full
support or this Reporter Edi.
for. I also have chosen to village college regulations con<
earning form limitations,
—Krystyna Neunim
Bond R. Faulwnll
David wilson
Linda real
ADDRESS HERII
 
