SCARLET & BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
once again. the oldest college newspaper west of the Mississippi
gay. LXXV
.—
 
 
 
 
Photo by Don seeker
UNRUH
EXPOSES
ACTOR' S
MAKEUP
"Ronald Reagan is a role
acer," Speaker of the Call.
rnia Assembly Jesse M. UnI‘Hh told an estimated 350 shipments Tuesday night in Roberts
t'l'centre. ”and he‘s very good
It it. He’s been playing the good
' y before the American pub<
o for thirty years."
Unruh, this year’s politician
In residence under the auspices
of Grinnell’s Practical Program
III Political Education (PPPE),
said be though Reagan represented “the new wave of Amen
[can politicians.”
“He (Reagan) is a hardcore,
uaxy politician," Uni—uh told the
group.
These politicians, Unruh
stated, are elected mainly because they have “no saint of
government invoivemen ,"
Unruh added that the ”Reagan
phenomenon" represents what
he calls America’s present “anti—agreement machine."
The Speaker said this “ma<
raise" also manifests itself in
the “organization of both the
left and the right. . . It may
well lead to another McCarthy
era.”
“By oversimplifyirig both the
issues and the answers," Unruh
said, “Reagan is doing a great
difference to the people and in
the long run will make them
UNKUH—
(Continued on Page 4)
 
Grinnsll, Iowa, Friday, November I7, [967
No. II
 
"MEET THEM AT THEIR OWN LEVEL"
COEDS SLOW
TO REPEL
INVADERS
By DEBBIE GENTRY
years, Cleveland, barnes and
Read directories had, reports
say, from five to twelve male
visitors Saturday night long after permitted visiting hours.
It all apparently began at
about 11:30 on years second,
where one of the men walked
unannounced into a room, sur.
pricing a girl in bed. He asked
where room 450 was, and then
left. She leader out of bed and
put on her bathroom.
The male visitors returned a
few minutes later, a witness
said. The girl shorter for them
to leave.
They went to Cleveland, where
they ran up to the second and
third floors. One girl who was
having a crazy foam (like light
sharing cream; it is used for
play) party with a friend in
the bathroom said she heard
their voices.
“We thought it was just an
illegal," the Cleveland girl
added, “and we started gig.
going, but then one of them came
into the bathroom, and granted
my friend who was only wearing panama tops and panties,
and said: ‘Give me a kiss.’
“She was fighting him off and
I was hitting him and trying
to shut the door on him, All
sorts of people came running
out of their rooms and panicked. Someone ran downstairs
to try and beach Steve Aldrich,
the Resident Advisor’s husband."
Meanwhile, another girl, who
had been giving a team, left
her room to discover the ma
son for the streams coming
from the bathroom.
A witness said: “She was
a ALLlhl Slum; Rillllo DELAVEEJ
Craig plain, program director
at the entered college radio station, submitted his designation
to station manager Babnk Ar—
malawi "literary.
plain, one of the counters of
this most recent attempt to establish radio at Gl‘innell, cited
lack of time as one reason for
his designation. He also stated
that the “administration is
guilty of breaking faith” with
the staff of the radio station.
Station manager Armajalli
elaborated on the significance
of “breaking faith." Tile students were to establish a staff,
apply for a license, and submit
requests and plans to the ad—
registration for equipment and
a studio. “We have a staff, and
we have done our part of getting the license, but the equipment we wanted has been slow
in training, and the studio is
only now being started," explained Armajani,
Mr. garden told the radio
station staff that the facilities,
to be located in the northwest
corner of party Gym, should
be completed by December 1K.
The station hopes to be on the
air the first day of second semester.
The radio station will make
a progress report to the students of the college at an open
Senate meeting Tuesday at 7
p.m. in ARI-l auditorium.
very angry, and startup threateningly in hand, ordered them
to get out. One of them wrestled
with her, she broke loose and
would have thrown the cup at
him, but it was her favorite,"
They were closed by the girls
out of Cleveland and ran into
offices.
By this time there were only
three oi them. A girl on mail-res
second stated; “I was sitting
on the bed in my underwear
knitting when my bedroom door
opened and there was this guy
standing there.
" ‘Oh, excuse men’ he said
and closed it. Then a second
guy opened the doors l shorter,
'Get out of hotel‘
“ ‘Do I have to?’ he asked.
'Of course you do‘ I answered,
and shut the door and held it,”
These were not high school
kids, but looked like college
students, she added.
syria Aldrich, resident advisor of Cleveland said that
there was no substantial evidence as to who they were.
“But," she concluded “they
were here and now they're
gone.”
Back in l-ladies second bathroom, one of the more advertisers types was matching the
states.
A girl told me: “A guy
needed over the toilet door. I
hit him over the head and
shorter ‘Wllo the hell do you
think you are? Get the hell out
of hotel’
(“My mother once told me
that you have to meet them
at their own level and talk to
them in their own language,”
she later consider to her res—
event advisor, Suzi Argenti.)
“My roommate, wrapped in the
shower, whispered, ‘Don’t leave
me, Don’t leave me.’ She
closed him out of the bathroom.”
Read second was the next and
last.
“All of a sudden I heard
mens’ voices laughing and shooting,” a girl stated, “I shut the
door and they left,”
But they came back! Half an
hour later a Read second girl
was in the shower when a
man’s head and hands appeared
under the door of her shower
small.
“I heard francis streams
from the bathroom," her neighbor said, ‘It was really threatening. I ran to help my friend
and stopped on some glass from
a broken bottle dropped in
flight by one of the boys."
recycling reports of the incidence later, a Loose girl music:
”city they didn't get as far
as Loose.“
DRAFT CARD BALLOTS
PROPOSES U.N.l. PROF
(Ed, note: The followlngis an
excerpt from a speech given
Wednesday night in the South
Lounge by Professor Edward
Hoffmans, Hottmans, an English teacher at the University
of Northern Iowa, was the author of an article in the student
paper which allocated the use
of civil disobedience to end the
draft.
Following the appearance of
that article, six blackjack
County legislature detailed
Hnﬂmany‘ removal from the
University. Fifteen teachers It
UNI also publicly announced
Hoffmans in an open letter to
the paper.
While President teacher of
the University supported Hoffmans’ right of free speech, the
UNI paper said it would not
print any future article accounting illegal acts.
At a peace demonstration In
Cedar Falls October 18, Hoffmans turned In his draft card
by proxy to the federal government. At this time, no action
has been taken against Hoffmans, and the University has
declared it will remove him
only In the event he is prosca
outer for violation of a law.
Attorney General .richard
Turner declared Monday that
Hoffmans may be violation Iowa
laws concerning treated and
addition.)
HOW AMERICANS
CAN VOTE FOR LOVE
By ED HOFFMANS
A generally free electoral
process incorporated a basically consistent idea: that ballot:
are superior to budgets for resulting disputes among men and
nations.
. . . American balloon with
names like .1 n hn s on, simon,
Reagan, Romney or david on
them are unlikely to stop the
budgets currently being used to
resolve the Vietnam dispute, In
other words, the present kind
of American ballot is invisible
of performing its natural fund<
tion.
Hence the reform of American electoral politics calls for
the adoption of a new kind of
ballot. Impersonal balloon bearing the names of politicians
who gallery claim to represent
our best interests must give way
to personalized balloon with the
names of people we can trust.
And what could be more per«
contained than a ballot with the
votes’s own name and signs.
sure? Draft cards should be the
balloon for our new electoral
system.
Electoral systems also result
voting months for the deposit of
balloon. Federal merchants' offices and in d u c ti o n centers
should be the voting months of
our new electoral politics.
An electoral process features
the deposit of a ballot in a
voting booth, The new process
will work the same way. few<
during the deposit of a citizen’s
draft card in a Federal merchants' office or induction center.
Our new electoral process
would produce four benefits.
Firstly, draft card returned!
HOFFMANS—
(Continued on Page 7)
 
Photo by Don Hacker
. thai could be more personalized than a ballot
WI the votes's own name and signature? eraﬂ' card!
should be the balloon for our new electoral system."
University of Northern iowa English instructor Ed coleman: tells Grinneil "How America Can Vote For Love"
Wednesday night in the South Lounge.
 
SCARLET 8 BLACK
Student Newspaper ct Grinnell College
l201 Pout street Grinnell College
Grinnell, law will
A weekly newspaper published soon Friday of
the college year by inc Grinnell Committee on Stuw
dont Publications. represented for national advert
tlsmg by National Educsuonnl Advertising services,
360 Lexington Ave, New York, New York won.
second class postage hold ht Grilltleil. Iowa. publication rate $5.00 per school year. mm paid
subscriptions.
EDITOR .
MANAGIN
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAG
STAFF WRITERS 7
Barry Anemia
Neil rlschcr
stephen horse
bruce serum
. , n christopher.
Edwards, Auuc rnrrer, ncooie centre,
Andy Isaacs, Adrienne commons, sue lvlillt-r,
rnul Nacnnlarl, .icii Schecktcr.
scroll swiss-m. Anne taylor
. Alon hemhardt. Don looked,
Dick Treumnnu
Editorials . . .
THIS IS NOT AN EDITORIAL
This is not an editorial. If you were expertise the son's analysis of, and pronouncements on, a critical issue facing the campus
today, I’m sorry.
There were quite a few things to write about this week. Grinhell was Visited by a “new politician" and a “radical packﬁst,"
the radio station is having a hard time getting on the air, and
North Campus men can‘t decide whether their biggest enemy is
the Dean of Men or themselves.
My chief cause of concern, and the reason that there is no
editorial this week, is the problem of effectively. Basic to any edt-
social policy must be an objective and effectively. My objective
is simple: I wish to see students have the greatest opportunity to
live and learn, dramatically and otherwise, during their {our
years at Grinnell. I am sure that this objective does not differ
greatly from the wishes of the faculty and administration, but the
specsﬁc methods to foster this opportunity will. ii I am to pursuant anyone that my method is better than theory, I must be Ob‘
creative. shooting, demonstration, and posing fun may be removable and sotisiying costumes, but they will not continue anyone
or anything.
One of the most dangerous operators of effectively is the edimrial floral, If you read "the 5&3 feels that. r . r” you will probably think about the problem a bit when I sit down to write an
editorial, and I’m thinking about my girlfriend a thousand miles
away, an hourly tomorrow, and when I have to do my next laundry, I don't feel too much like an editorial we. But if I write ”I
{tel that . . .” you are likely to think “goods for you, Ancona_" If
1 am going to forestry continue you ot anything, without beginning
you into beginning that I am speaking for a committee of leading
thinking, it must be done by me, not "us.”
Getting a clear understanding of any issue on campus is difficult, and is further complicated by fifteen credits of courses (a
subtle plug for academic credit for the editorials). Getting a grass
an a major campus issue is difficult for an administrator to do In
a year, much less is student —- whose main concern, unlike the
administrator, is not campus problems — for a weekly deadline.
The use of reason, which is basic to any argument, seems to
be missing quite often from discussions on campus. When I pointed
up what seemed to me to b? considerations in Edward Holtmans’
argument during his South Lounge speech Wednesday, he replied
that it was a paradox. I guess it you‘re “right” and you face a
contamination, you’re allowed to Call it a paradox. But how can
you determine typically if you are right before reaching the contamination? You can't. And it you can‘t discuss your position log<
italic, you can’t discuss it at all.
1 have barely scratched the surface oi the problems surround.
log editorial writing in a liberal arts college in a world or change,
but if roll see an editorial next week, do me, and yourself, a favor.
,Think less about “where [he 5&B stands” and more about why.
Barry Ancona
Transferring out (if Grinnell? A number of students seem
to be initiative transfer applications. it you are leaving
Grinnell for another college or university, the 5&3 is interested in your reasons and rationale and any problems you
have encountered In making application. Put your name in
Box Number 259 or the 5&3 box and you will be interpreted.
Applications for the 3&1} editorials for 1968 should be
sent to Mr. cleaner, chairman of the Committee on Student
Publications, before Wednesday, November 11.
SCARLET AND ILACK
gullIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIINIIIIIMIIIIIIIII|lilllllllllllllliﬂllllllNlllillil
LETTERS TO
THE EDITOR
millilitlllliilliilllllilllilllllllillllllllllllllilillllillilllllllillillllll in:
To the Editor:
In the last issue of the 5&1!
Mr. Deblcki, of the Spanish De
partners. properly undertake
to correct some virtual errors
made in u previous issue of
the paper. In doing so, however, he seems to have com—
fitted an error of his own.
He wrote: “Emphasis in the
course (Humanities) is on literary analysis in depth through
the frequent writing or papers
which are thoroughly customized
by the instructor, and through
conferences.“
But the purpose of the Humanities course is not “Emphasis on literary analysis." In
1963 Mr, vehicle himself was
on the committee which prepared 8 “manual for instructors" in the Humanities; in that
manual appears "A Rationale
for Grinnell's Course in the
Humanities". There, on p. a,
the manual states:
The course has a twofold
purpose: 1) to introduce a
student to humanities works
with which an educated person should be acquainted;
and 2) to train him in the
skills necessary to relevant
appreciation and use oi the
great creative works of men.
The new report on curriculum
currently under consideration
lists the purposes of the Humanities course as your in number; they are substantially the
same as the two listed in the
manual who ch Mr. Debicki
helped to prepare.
It would be opportunity if
the Humanities were ever re
dated to the status of being
merely a course in "literary
appreciation", like “chemistry
appreciation” or "physics ap<
prediction" and other such
courses in science for nonmajors. The idea of a nonmajnr in Humanities is directly counter to the aim of a
liberal arts college.
John prospect
Classics
To the editors
I am one of the “require
people” mentioned in last week’s
5&3 in the editorial and in
Neil kitchen's column, and I
am weekly interested to learn
of any corporation events I
may have missed. I attended
every panel (with the exception
of the Saturday morning con<
ﬂict): ate two meals with plan
accidents; was a Campus guide
for the entire weekend for allother participant: and attended
5 e v e r a1 informal discussions
with participants in the balls. I
even got to the dance. In no way
did my performing the Requem
impose my involvement in the
rest of the Weekend activities. . .
Ann I. Kirschner
UNICEF CARDS
UNICEF cards will be on
sale at the downtown Post office. The campaign for the international humanitarian organization is being run by the
Griunell Chapter of the United
Nations Association. Cards will
be on sale from nine to live,
weekends, until December 1v
Nov-min! I7. ”2]
ANIMAL BEHAVIOUR
By Nei kitchen,
MEMO
T0: Ron Miller, Vietnam Committee, GSM (et 31.)
FROM: Neil kitchen, 5&3
SUBJECT: Is there a Vietnam petition or inn’t there a Vietnam
petition or where in hell is the Vietnam petition or whatever
happened to the Vietnam petition, anyway?
“I’m copying out."
That, Mr. Miller, is what you told me a few minutes ago after
I saw you sit through a tworhour discussion with an Iowa professor
who just turned in his draft card.
I believe you, Mr. Miller, and I think you ought to he blessed
this week. ‘
i wanted to turn this columns parish little scarohlight on po<
win‘cal animals _ democratic and republican — at Grimell in this
issue, but I’m going to turn it on you instead.
Two and o mail weeks ago you, Mr. Miller — in the first
of a long forgotten corporation and long before a healthy missed break — fired up this campus to sign an anti-war petition
completing a war “removal in its topless loss of lives.”
You were very concerned, Mr. Miller, about the precise san.
tax or your sentences. 1 made a mistake in writing about your pe.
titiorl, Mr. Miller; I called the War “removal and a topless loss
of lives."
You seemed so generally concerned for your petition that the
sail; ran a special boxed correction pointing out the mistake, it
was a little change, Mr. Miller, but I was happy to make it for
you because I thought you were generally devoted to your caused
I tried to give you more coverage in the 5&3 than any other
corporation event I made sure you got your picture in the paper,
Mr. Miller. I saw to it that the Des points newspapers and wire
services got stories about you, Mr. Miller, and about your petition
and your Vietnam Committee and your GSM.
i signed your petition, Mr. Miller.
Forty percent of the student body signed your petition,
Mr. Miller. Ashley contact signed it, Mr. Miller; so did Mar- ,
tin Luther King.
A nice lady from The New York Times even interpreted you.
Mr. Miller.
Mr. Miller, you told me london Johnson would he sent a copy,
of the petition . . t and Dean Rusk and powerseller and a whole
lot of other people.
You told me, Mr. Miller, that if I paid for it I could send copies
to my compression at home.
What will you write my compression now, Mr. Miller? Will
you tell them that “about a month ago less than hall of the
students at a tiny, isolated college bus stop signed a petition?"
Is that what you‘ll say in the letter you’ve been training for
two and a half weeks, Mr. Miller?
That’s old news. Mr. Miller.
If you had sent it out when it was fresh, Mr. Miller, tl
might have meant something. What does it mean now, Mr.
Miller?
You told me that some of the signatures were specified and
some of the names non-existing. You told me you had to check
them, Mr. Miller.
Does it take you and your committee — you, who lived up almost half the campus in a week — [Wu and a half weeks and more
on check twenty potentially-false signatures? Twenty, by your own
estimate, Mr. gallery
Does it take two and a half weeks and more to make a public
announcement of how many signatures you got, Mn Miller? well.
does it?
Does it take you that long to type them out and write a letter
giving background on your petition?
What, in fact, have you been doing with the Vietnamese petition since October when it was signed? It is now the middle Of
November, Mr. Miller,
I have seen you in the Forum carefully posing over yuurrpetltion on several occasions since corporation. l have asked you,
several times, for a breakdown of the signatures, Mr. Miller.
Mr. Miller, I think you have done all of those who signed
that petition, all of those who considered it everywhere front
Main Lounge to the Wednesday night Senate meetings, all ot
those who thought about it and publicized it and wrote home
about it a vast insurance.
And this week, Mr. Miller, I want you to do something about
it.
I only have one more historical question for you, Mr. willing
Are you going to send copies of those signatures out or are you
going to use them for notebook paper?
I hope you take this column personally, Mr. Miller, I hope
people come up to you and ask you about the petition. I hope
people get angry about it, Mr. Miller, and about you.
And then I hope you trail out of your lethargy and print thou
signatures. Mr. Miller. And 1 hope it inn’t too late.
 
Friday, November I7, I961
SCARLET AND BLACK
logo Thin
 
ONE DEGREE OUT OF
THREE HUNDRED AND SIXTY
or
LIFE IS DERTAINLY
UNDEBTMN
EBY PAUL JONES
Alter two months at writing about creativity and rule philosophy, i ﬁnd that now 1 have nothing more to say. As tar as I’m
concerned, 1 have asked all at the questions and given as raw of
the answers as I intended. This is the end.
But in all poverty, there is one more thing that has to be said,
That is: [don’t know what‘l'm talking about, It's a fairly shopping
replication, but it’s true. i really don’t know anymore it I'm saying
what needs to be said. I suppose that l should explain. Sitting at
the Longhorn the other night, I realized that when 1 leave here, 1
will not leave with an education or “education” as such, but
rather with I Grinnell education, something basically different
from "education."
Granted, Grinnell is judges by external sources to be one of
the “best" liberal arts schools in the country, but merely by virtue of its being a ”school", it is not education in general. What it
does present ls a fairly specific mode of a certain kind One conclusion to draw from this is that I don’t really know what “education" as such is; I can not get outside of my conditional way of
looking at things.
But another conclusion, and a far more devastating one in
terms of the purpose of my writing a column in the newspaper, in
that, having once considered creativity and rule philosophy to be
the most important and allrembracing concepts about which 1
could talk, 1 now don't know if that’s true anymore, What 1 don't
know is the answer to the question “What is there left to know?"
That is, what is there to know which I don‘t already know about
knowing?
Don't mistake this for a claim to convenience, it is exactly
the contrary, a claim to insurance, and an insurance which
is, to a large extent, featured upon me by many sources:
parents, teachers. Grinnell, language, everything. To speak metaphorically, how many degrees, out at the full circle of the three
hundred and sixth degrees of what there is to know, do i now
recognize? Maybe one degree at the whole circumierence. grid l
point really know how to get outside at that one degree.
The opportunity thing is that 1 know that I will ﬁget this conditioning for the rest oi my life, and i don't allow why i should
have to. What i am getting at, and it's an old horse to beat, is
that, yeah baby, Grinnell is narrow. But not just in the sense that
it’s elite miles team Des points, l.e nowhere, but that it is thousands and thousands oi miles from being what it should be, a lisa
oral education, miles from a sense that a liberal education is not
an end in itself, but merely a steppingrstone to the future search
for unable knowledge, not just the acceptance oi what is now call<
ed knowledge.
A professor told me that what this replication has done for
me IS to generate me, not libcralize me. ln one sense this is true;
it has given me the opportunity to right like hell to get as tar
away from the ‘idea' or Grinnell education But telling me that I’m
generated dress't tell me a earned thing, actually. What am 1 free
to do now? l don't want to spend die rest oi my like ﬁrating
against an idea, but rather for ideas it my mode oi conditioning
will ever let me see beyond what i am now conditional to see.
So 1 ask: is creativity a Worthwhile problem in the “real
world”? is rule philosophy in its greatest sense, i.e., ethics, is real
problem? i don’t. know anymore. Who does?
 
TRUTH BEAUTY, CROSSETT .
, THUGYDIDES TAKES TIME
In four and a half years, John
prospect (Classics) has sun-
serve as an example. Every
insurance of the word in Thucydides was noted, its form and
llllllIIllllIIllllillllUlIItlltlllllllllllllIIIilllillltllllllllillllllll
NEWS
BRlEFS
lllllllillllllilllllllllllllllllllillllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
APOSTLE PRIZE
The establishment of the H,
George Apostle prize in physics at Grinnell has been announced by President suggest.
The $200 prize was established by Dr. Apostle, Steele
professor of mathematics and
a member of the college faculty
Since 1948.
Awards at $50 will go to tour
physics motors who have
“demonstrated a superior proiiciency ln mystery ol subject
as well as in independent ability for and interest in research.”
The recipients, who will be
selected by the physics department, will come from the grad
rating classes or 1968, 1969,
1970, and 1971,
r r
LENOX AT CARNEGIE
The xerox quarter will make
its New York City debut as a
piano quarter at a November
19 concert in Carnegie Hall.
The program consists oi the
Piano quarter in G minor, Opus
25, by Brahms, String quarter
in B-flat, Opus 168, by Schubert, and String quarter No. 4,
by Bartok.
Firmly established as one of
the nation's finest quarters, the
xerox is the only contemporary
group which functions as both
a string quarter and piano
quarter.
organized in lost, the xerox
has been in residence at Grinnell since the fall of 1962 and
has played exclusively in both
the United States and Europe
The group has presented numerous other concerts ill New
York City, but will be making
its initial appearance at Car—
begin l-call.
EMERITUSI DIES
virus w. working, 84, died at
his home in Houston, Tex., Oct.
25. He was a Griliilell professor
americas of German.
A native of Canada, Professor
working studied at the University of Vienna (Austria) before
taking his B. A. and MA. degrees at disaster University
in Toronto in 1910 and 1911,
respectively. In later years he
took further graduate work at
the Universities of Chicago,
Breslau (Germany) and iowa.
He taught at joe College in
Cedar Rapids from 1911 to 1944
and at Grimell, where he was
also assistant to the president,
from 1944 to 1948, when he be
came professor americas and
moved to Texas, where be continued to teach until full retirement in 1960.
A STUDENT OPINION
SELF-IMPUSED SEDBEGATIDN?
NAME WlTHHELD BY REQUEST
Talking to Mr. manuals Morgan, Chicago Area Civil Rights
leader, at engagement gave me some new insights. l prefer to
remain anonymous because i want what i have to say to be judges
on its own series, not on my personality. i am white.
I have noted increasing concern among both degrees and
writes on campus over the increased membership in what 1 will
call the metro substitute. This is a group of metro students who
have “often out” or the rest of Grillnell's society. They have
chosen to stay within their own group exclusively.
Wily is it interesting to the onlookers mentioned above that
this group prefers to eat together, walk together, talk together,
dance together, and generally spend time together exclusively?
This exclusion of the White world is self isolation with careful
signs, returns, along, and other cultural elements. It is just as evil
a form of discrimination as that which these students probably
experience in reverse in their home towns.
Of Course, in saying all this, I realize that this Subculture is
not unique to Grinnell. It is the transplantation to this campus oi
the metro substitute from which these people come. Nevertheless, its existence is not good, and there are several points which
were elucidated in engagement that we should remember.
We all recognize the background which is so important here.
The metro in America is integrating into his group all over the
nation. This withdrawal is necessary partly for the discovery ct
identity and self-respect. And, of course, we cannon expect a metro
coming to Grinnell to drop out or what is probably the most important thing the American metro is doing right now. We cannon
ask him to become white for eight computers, Race betrayal is not
the answer.
Some people feel that the relatively Sudden growth of the Grinnell substitute (it has become an active force in the metro community in less than a year) is due to the increased numbers of see
gross at Grinnell, 1 feel that it is more likely because oi the above
national movement.
There is some signsﬁdance in the greater number of degrees
here. however The larger the number, the wider the variety nr
backgrounds. This variety makes it more likely a greater percentage ot degrees here will come from highly prescribed environ.
meets, will be persons carefully socialized in total legislation,
persons totally unpracticed in interesting with writes.
We must also keep in mind the courage it takes for a metro
to come to a predominantly white school like Grinnell. There is
certainly less preceding and discrimination here than in some
other parts of the nation, but the metro knows he will encounter
prescribed individuals here and will experience some discrimination. attending a metro college is an continually easier way to
get a college degree. So, the white students here must remember
that degrees, because of the nature of this country’s hypocrisy,
must enter Grinncll with apprehensions.
These apprehensions are not immediately displayed by good
will. We operate on an artificial level here, and few of us quickly
reveal our true serves. When one drunk person reveals expressed
preceding to a metro, think for a minute how quickly the Victim
would forget all the many specially non-prescribed contacts he
has had, One such incident suggests widespread expressions oi
the same kind to the person who is ensure how he will be treated
in the first place.
Such dISlllilsionment is possible because of the white community's failure to provide positive and concrete Ieaiiirmatlons or
our desire for a generally nav-prescribed and non-manually-oriented
Grinnell society. Quiet acceptance or the nonrracial point oi view
leaves the ensure metro, when controlled with very subtle-hidden
preceding, manchester in situations when the barriers are down,
to assume this expressed preceding is the dominant pattern,
It is not my purpose here to suggest how we, the white students, can completely reaffirm our commitment to an integrated
society at Grinnell. 1 leave suggestions to others. 1 reel, however,
that if we are aware that what we are doing now is not enough,
occasions to earliest our feelings will arise, and this awareness
will lead to action.
 
Step Up To
Headquarters For:
needed in translation the open»
log paragraph oi Thucydides'
work on the Peloponneslan War.
It he lives long enough, prospect hopes to translate the first
twenty-two chapters of the work
(about ten pages).
About kitty people attended
prospect’s report on his research
Monday night. Each word in
Thucydides' first paragraph was
painstakingly checked; its use
and implications carefully de
licensed, Cmssett's translation
ol the word “disturbance" may
use studied. Even the use made
of “disturbance" by classical
authors before and after Thucydides was registered. Finally (or perhaps primarily), prospect considered the moral im<
operations or the word,
Thucydides has been dropped
from tale Humanities course in
what prospect terms the “virus”
hope that fisheries will pick it
up The work represents our
first example or an attempt at
“objective" history, said prospect. -
“TH: ms. mm or a. mo.
mi in...“ autumn“...
K. Oji, Special Representative at the
math. “to... .. in 11.5., n, in.
moving W man/funny,
ocTomsR 24, 1967erIm': commit- HLOUSES ‘ SKIRTS 5
to. pump... in. harm swwexs - mass
an, i... up... n .. “chuck m 9
attachment." in a...” r. r...
r... mu... .i...c..i...no,~unvm.h.
teaching to leave die Republic oi realm.‘ The judges
compensation For a line may n! this
reads: 'Typr'clzl- current issue a! NA-
,yrnn.....i , noNAI renew,
,. p... cm, in r
:5 5i, cum. 1001b GR'NNELL
N EWTON
JD‘S RESTAURANT
VIZVI Main
TUESJSaL 5 to ID pm,
Sunday—Noun to lo p.m.
 
Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. Nevambnr I‘I. I961
PLAIIDITS FOR PANNWTT: GGLD STAR FOR RED BADGE
By JOHN WILES
The 196168 Grinnell Theatre
london saw its first real sun<
less “with distinction" in the
recent Arena production of
third Williamson's dramatic adaptation of Stephen trade’s
The Red Badge of Courage.
Very few critical bones need
be picked with this production,
which increasingly combined
acting, direction, and technical
Excellence into one of the most
creativity outstanding and affecting works which have been
attempted in the Arena Theatre
In years.
To start with. some fair share
at credit must be appreciated
lo the property itself. Williamson has been extremely faithiul to trade, although the ap
real of this play certainly extends beyond simple faithfulless.
Williamson’s adaptation of
trade's novel is ostensibly a
bare, roughly switched translation of the story of the drive,
fdealistic youth Who grows in
character through his arabic
configuration with the "blood
smaller god" of war. Superficially, the script actually offers little more eligible electrical potential than that of a
simple dramatic reading.
The play is short, authorized
and appreciated (the actual running length of the Grinneil production was but a start 45
minutes).
Yet Williamson, in transfer,
ring the essence of trade’s
story from narrative to dramatic form, has decidedly expanded the possibilities for the
telling of that story, and has
accordingly “opened up" the
story to anyone with sufficient
creativity to take advantage of
the new genre’s potential.
Williamson seems to offer a
club to the work's production
possibilities in his extensive
Ind affecting use of the novel's
rich language and images, Henry meeting, the young prozac—
exist, is described early as an
pages-eyed youth who dreams
of “value and bloody conflicts," and the'heroism which
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3979
E. J. lenses. 0.0.
OPTOMETRIST
Aclus from Post Office
Closed "Illrl, EM.
and Sat. PM.
he just as variety believes will
surely according them.
Having thus faithfully identi-
ﬂed the early Henry as a
greater, Williamson compounds
operated references to “options
of a thousandtongued fear;"
the soldiers' “mysterious fratemity;" and the "monster”
war — a "red animal" which
is personality in the imagination and frightened mind of
Henry.
Such language is clearly in.
creative of the supernatural,
the psychological, the unreali
the abstract, the impressionistic warnings of the commented
consciousness which is Henry’s
internal identity. The differences
between what drama can
“show" and what narrative can
“tell" of this, the real essence
of trade’s story, seems to
point toward taking a relative
ly free electrical rain in se
letting the elements with which
to dramatize this adaptation.
Director bobby Pannwitt and
her crew proved themselves
quite adequate to the challenge.
In bringing the possibilities of
the script to electrical reality,
Miss Pannwitt apparently took
up much a similar directories
interpretation, freely and creativity specializing upon the
play’s symbols and surgery.
Realistic camp scenes and
characters' speeches throughout
the play were successfully interspersed with segments of
floral dialogue and symbolicals
1y choreographed actions. One
character Was made to dis
“automatically" on stage; a simple circle of serve green light
was used to symposium the body
of another, relating dead soldier.
in one scene, the company
of soldiers was automatically presented mounting at rest on the
countryside; in another, the
troops periodically matched
in time (and almost in place),
operating the years freedom
of the troops continued movement to no one place and for
no clear purpose in particular.
The effect of such combinations
of style and dramatic elements
was to contract the audience
at once with the start reality
of war, and also with its ir»
rational incomprehensibility.
Two of the most effective
scenes of the play unmistakably
supplemental each other
through just such purposeful
diversity. An early scene represents an actual dialogue between Henry and his mother,
receiving “automatically" the
youthful idealist, confident in
his sharing solutions, A later
scene found Henry alone and
separated after running away
from battle; homeless members of the chorus believed him
with counts and ridicule for his
clearance. The solutions of the
voices represented Henry’s own
thoughts and self-occupations,
the {address fears which had,
originally, become his english
reality.
Visual and advisory effects
were alternatively and increasingly employed to support both
aspects of the play’s presentation. Lighting in many colors
and arrangements helped to tie
fine and contrast realistic and
abstract elements, Drums and
recorded music additionally underground moments of realistic,
climactic tension.
The set was simply and physically functional — in no way
really representative of ground,
yet extremely available to both
realistic and a b s t r a c i most.L
series. Costumes suggested real
performs, while remaining. as
work shirts and jeans, in effect symbols in themselves.
Even the painting of the walls
of the theatre (the first Arena
production for which this has
ever been dated) was a credit
to the imagination staying of
the play. Three walls were a
dark, number gray; the back
wall, a blank, impersonal light
gray-blue. The audience thus
was at all times surrounded by
an environment which effectively contained and reflected
the play’s serious mood.
The cast itself was excellent
to a man. Virtually every actor
was vulnerable in his role, and
contributed to a polished, cohesive, complimentary sum of
performances.
red newton was especially
excellent as Henry, wondering
with sensitivity and depth the
youthful greater's internal development as catalogue by the
battle‘s crisis newton remained
strong, from his initial polish
characterization of the optimistic, illusioned enlistee to his
more mature portraits of the
erotic, disillusioned hero whose
war-years “Damn. . .damn,.
damn, . . damn. . ." interests a moment of apparent
glory with a telling investment
by one who more sally and
widely understands the real
pain and hell of war,
newton was nearest as Henry in his most historical moments of near»madness; his
smoking seemed less natural
than constitutes supposed,
and occasionally appeared to be
approaching a pitch of uncomfortable lists‘topics. Such compatibility weak moments were
few, however, and did not seriously determine a generally
controlled and likely - characterized performance.
All of the soldiers were Wellplayed, and the cooperative in«
corporation of such group “bits"
as card-playing and good-ha.
tired handling were largely
responsible for giving the play
the realistic moments it needed,’
when it needed them.
Greg alliance and Carter
Coleman were very good as
Henry's conditions, Wilson and
Jim. Both defined their characters consistently, without
turning them into overly strong
characters who might have uploaded the central protagonist.
Coleman's only disturbingly
forward moment came, originally enough, after his “death”
as Jim.
The classic problem of how
to get a dead body off stage
was not Well handled, and the
exit of the course on his own
suddenly represented power was,
while not a serious fault within
the play, a minor irrigation
which might more pleasingly
have been decided.
permits allen infected a de«
elderly valuable element of
comic relief into the play with
his characterization of the
founded Soldier. With one dead
body and one seriously checked,
near-historical character also
sharing the stage, it took delaware handling on the part 0!
allen to keep his comic figure
from becoming irreparably irreverent and annoyingly out of
place,
As it was, the scene became
a symbolic representation of
the incomprehensible juxtaposition of extremes in any war.
Henry was effectively framed
as the victim of such humanity—a arabic course on one side, a
stainless crown on the other.
allen’s only weak moment
was partially shared in this
sense by newton. Not nearly
sufficient attention or significance was given to the exchange
of the handkerchief, which obviously was intended to he the
play's final, crucial symbol.
Henry’s conclusion moment of
truth and understanding was
thus unfortunately weekends by
this shortcoming of an earlier,
preparation scene.
Dale Dreyfuss and Dennis
Wilson were excellent in much
smaller roles, giving presence
to the axiom that “there are
no small actors, just small
parts," Each took upon himself
the specially negligible, but
extremely relevant business of
making his updated character
seem nonetheless individually
distinct and real.
Bonnie winter, in much the
same manner, made her few
brief moments as Henry's both»
er so thoroughly vulnerable and
continuing that it was almost
too hard to accept her as
merely a homeless voice in the
chorus throughout the rest of
the play,
The chorus was expected employed, with every member of
the cast at some time shipping
from finite characterization into the function of a homeless
observed and coordinator on
the facility and variable waste
of war. picks savings was particularly outstanding — as were
Dreyfuss, Wilson, and Miss
winter — in combining precision of vocal expression with
fluid, grateful physical movement.
If any one of the play’s
numerous fine moments were
to be singles out for special
praise, it would unquestionably
have to be the abstract, surrealistic battle dance. Judy
Mendelsohn's bibliography was
hypnotic and almost literally
threatening. She was given fine
support by a specially allstops-out employment of technical intensity which mixed our—
pre, yellow. and threatening
memory to create a near-psychedelic impression of acute danger, fear, and death.
i-henry meeting’s future questions of ”why?"; “What for?";
and "Don't we do all men can
do?" were never answered by
anyone in this play.
The play being true to trade,
however, the questions could not
be answered; only me awful
truth might be blessed in the
final "damn" of Henry’s new
awareness.
Last year‘s War Without End
attacked Grinnell addresses with
essentially the same truth, and
with more than twice the the.
african effort. Mr. trade, Mr,
Williamson, Miss Pannwin, and
all others responsible for The
Red Badge of Courage are to
be commented for hitting closer home — on a smaller scale
but with just about twice the
effective reference and organized creativity.
WEAPONS NEEDED
The cast for No Better by
Robert Ingham needs World
War II or Korean War army
performs and equipment, it
you have anything which you
would be willing to send to us
for the week, please Contact
Mrs. Ramsey in the Fine Arts
office and leave your name
and phone number. Items es
sexually needed are families,
field jackets, sellers, web'
equipment, boots, packs. and
titles (M—l’s and combines). It
will be greatly appreciated.
) UNRUH
(Continued from Page 1)
more identical when they find
out the truth."
He said, however, that Reagan has a “reasonable chance"
to be the Republican romance
in 1968.
Unruh said he could see no
way of “jumping Johnson” as
the 1968 Democratic party norm
knee unless LBJ himself stand]
aside.
“Gene McCarthy could win a
couple of primarily and cause
a lot of shooting at the Con—
mention," U n r u h suggested,
“But that’s about it."
The Speaker explained that
Johnson's war policy was endorsed in California with the
significant and major defeat of
the San Francisco references
"especially when you consider
that San Francisco county is
the most liberal in California."
Unruh, a democrat and a
past president of the National
Conference of State Legislative’
Leaders. advanced arguments
for his brand of politics-what
he calls “Creative federation:"
He stated that; state temperatures were the places to
“strengthen and preserve democracy as we know it,"
“Unfortunately,” he added,
“the Federal Government is
always looked to to solve the
problems. We should resist this
sentence to concentrate power
in one unit of the government
as this one'unit gives us just
one solution."
The essentials of the “New
Politics,” Unruh said, include
responding to the people and
their problems, recognition no
pre-commitments, and not be
ing nominated by set theology
or doctrine.
Closing his address to the
PPPE and Grinnell student an.
pierce, Unruh called for an illuvolvement in the political process.
"Equip themselves to do the
best job possible," he concluded.
 
Friday. November l7. I957
CAMPUS NOTES
By KATHY SHEA
Music for every sort of taste running from closer and spice to
lead and complex will make up the managers and newsletters concert on Saturday at 8 pm. in A, R. H. The student singing groups
one including materials, watches, folk songs and rock and roll
music in the performance. In addition there will be dramatic suits
and readings, making the program varied enough to include something for everyone to enjoy.
A rock and roll band from Des points, enthusiastically reserved all over Iowa, is coming to Grinnell Saturday night. The
group, Captain Beerheart and the Shipwrecks, will begin playing
It 9:30 p.m. in the North Lounge.
Sean McCormally and Larry thick will give poetry readings tonight in the Forum Coffee House starting at 9 11m. McCormally is
leading most at his own poetry along with that of William Carlos
Williams and Jean Simpson, thick will read from the poetry of
Betjeman, Owen, and Pushl-tin.
Rififl, a French film directed by rules Dassin (Naked City,
shakira, Never on Sunday), will be shown at 10:30 pm. Friday
Ind 9:30 pm. Sunday in ARI-i auditorium,
Dassin’s first French ﬁlm, leili, regularly one of the finest
crime picks ever produced, tells of a carefully-planned, shrewdlyexecuted jewel pottery. Characters are developed so that the audience identiﬁes with the threads and hopes for their success,
A full thirty-ﬁve minutes of the film IS without dialogue —
each moment and action of the pottery is scrutinized; the viewer
{eels all the response of participating in the pottery.
wesley mother. of The New York Times, said that Dassin,
"stated the pottery like a ballet,”
Hawaii, taken from the book by James A. Mitchner, and starring Julie Andrews, Max Von Sydow, and Richard Harris is
showing at the Strand Theater through Tuesday.
SLEEPY SENATE
SIFTS SMALLTALK
SGA President pic MacDowell, at Wednesday’s Senate meet<
ing, expressed his disappointmerit in Students‘ lack of involvement in campus issues,
voting that few students are
discussing changes in the hall
system, and that few showed
up at last week's discussion or
the coleman curriculum report, Machwell said that if
students are not participating
now, they have no right to com
plain about future developments. Lack of involvement and
plans for a study group on
cities to meet during the second
semester. He wishes to make
it clear that all plans are still
sensitive
Plans call for an interdisciplinary study group, with the participants to receive two academic credits. Groups would
meet in Seminar form, receive
visitors, and go on ﬁend trips.
Members or a faculty study
group on the same problems would guide discussions in
the student groups.
Possibilities for visitors in—
crude the Ecumenical institute
apparent lack of concern, he
laid, "senate the whole idea
of student responsibility and
student power,”
MncDowell also announced
LIIB NOTES
By DARCY KELLEY
Basic research does not set out to make better mousetraps.
These products are usually international reproduced of scienceﬁc
investigations Basic research is done because the scientist Is in-
, arrested in peculiar problems. -
Guillermo vendors (Biology) studies a family of Mexican ﬁsh.
These ﬁsh are viviparous. Embryos develop inside the combination
every-uterus until birth. The development of visibility in ﬁsh has
produced many psychological and psychological limitations, in
order to obtain nutrition from the italian fluid, for example, the
embryos have developed specialized structures which function in
position. Such structures include the long ribbon~like strange of
tissue (processes) that grow (mm the personal tin.
Prior to vendors’s investigations, it was assumed that these
processes were reserved by the wish shortly after birth. vendors
observed that the processes may drop on instead. Leaves drop
off trees in the tall. tar example, because of the growth or an discussion layer across the base pt the leaf-stem. Similarly, vendors
is investigation (among other areas) the changes in structure that
precise the attachment of processes.
vendors was introduced to these fish in graduate school, became interested in them and is Still doing research on thEir biological functions. Why? He might develop a new pregnancy test along
the way, but this consideration has little to do with his motivation
for research. curious animals :nspirc authority. in motivation scientists, discovering principles is more Important than discovering
products.
SENATE—
(Continued on Page ii)
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Elva
SHOW INITIATIVE FUND USE
By LEE ARBETMAN,
INITIATIVE FUND
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN
Now in its second year of
operation, the Initiative Fund is
finally being used as It was
originally intended: to encourage uniqueness and creativity
in social planning.
Formation of the fund, which
was put Into operation in the
Fail or 1966, started from a
desire on the part at the calls
to receive extra ﬁspecial old
when joining forces on a party,
and from the Senate's wish to
increase social interaction be
green North and South Campus.
At that time it was decided
that the calls could apply to
the fund for inter-hall or halltaculty social gatherings. directions raised were primarily
concerned with the {act that
calls were being unfairly created into multi-hall parties
which occasionally turned out
to be fiascoes.
This year, with a discrimination of application criteria, most
requests for money have come
from groups of students interested in providing events open
to the entire campus. A few
examples of events either fully
or else in large part sponsored
by the fund include the Chess
game on career Plaza, the
BIi‘d»Bowl Hall, the GRAB (outdoor dance and sleep-out), the
____’_.___
JEWELL TO SPEAK
Dr. David W. powell, Associate Professor of Christian
Education at the Divinity
School, Vanderbilt University,
will be at Grinnell on Sunday,
November 19. \_
He is giving the person,
"Men of Athens," at 11 ann.
in service Chapel and will dec—
sure on “Greek Students in
Contemporary Greece" at 8
pm. in South Lounge. His talk
will include experiences as a
visiting scholar in Greece sun
ing 1966—67 and conversations
with Greek students at the University of Athens and Thessaluniki
Monday Night:
TWO FREE PEPSIS
with Each Large Finn
Air conditional
SERVING 14 KINDS OF
PIZZA
Houils
Mon, thru sat. .—
4:30 pan. ml am.
Sun. — 4. n pm. to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
2:221... $125
PAGLIAI’S
PIZZA
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Salad
PHONE 236-5331
917 Broad — Grinnell
Homecoming confirm on Mac
Field, the pre-corporation party
in the North Lounge, and the
Halloween Party in the W0men’s gym.
In addition, the fund has
helped to defeat the costs of
several ottcampus parties and
winners for students who are
hundreds for social planning even
though they pay the same at.»
entities tea as the on-camps:
students.
calls are still encouraged to
apply for help in ﬁdancing
their social projects (though
multi-hall planning is not I
requiring condition). But this
year the Initiative Fund happen able to literature its fri—
terms enough to allow it to sun
port events which illustrate
creativity and uniqueness—two
playing businesses in most hall
sponsored social affairs.
 
need our
professional
downloading
ﬁfishing
. . . they’re beautiful
when ya buy them .. why
_ not keep them that way with
our professional dchIeaning
and famous STIVNU ﬁwish-
ing . . . it costs you no man.
Watch This Space
 
G
SON'S '
DISCOUNT (ENTER
This Is Where You Buy
The Best for Less
STORE HOURS: MONDAY Thru SAT. 7:00-8:00
FRIDAY 9:00 TO 9:00
5 DAY AERSOL
DEODORANT
4 02. $1.00 SIu ,
rAcoum hi:
HAND LOTION
$1.00 Siu
I PANA
TOOTHPASTE
LISTERINE
MOUTH WASH
$1.37 Size .
AQUA NET
HAIR SPRAY
Reg.. HLT.H. or Blue. 97: size
DIPPITY DO
HAIR SET GEL
Reg. or H.T.H. $2.00 fire
PRELL
SHAMPOO
$1.09 Sin
BROMO QUININE
TABLETS
50': $1.39 Size
ANACIN
Opal'rh Jar 300': $2.97 Size
HOOKS
WITH IRON
$2.40 Size .
GIBSON
PRICE
50‘
GIBSON
PRICE
52‘
GIBSON
PRICE
46‘
GIBSON
PRICE
. 88‘
GIBSON
PRICE
t 48‘
GIBSON
PRICE
$100
GIBSON
PRICE
$5
GIBSON
PRICE
70‘
GIBSON
PRICE
w $150
GIBSON
PRICE
._ $125
SCARLET AND BLACK
About thirty Grinnell students mounted the
a spontaneous demonstrated
revolution. sporting Cossack and Red rniiirar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
steps of the Forum November 9 or
n in celebration of the 5
Friday. Navunbar [1, W61
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photo by Neil armor
part or
0th anniversary oi the aohhowir
gary. the group carried Soviet image,
poster-site photographs of Marx. begin and oil'er Soviet leaders and signs. one read
"Overihrow Cxar suggest.” The do
tion and no faculty members participated.
IlIIIIIIIIIIIHlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiHIIIIIHIIIIIHIIIIIlillIIIIIIIIIllilllIIHIIIIIlHIIIIHIIIIIIHIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIilHIIHHIIIHWIIIHIII IIIIIIIIIIIIHIiIIIHIIIIIIIIllllWINIIIIIlWINitllIHlillIllilllllWIIHHIIIHIIIIHHIIIIIIIIIIHHIIIIIIIIIIHiIIIIHIlIIIIUlII
TIMES IIEPOIITEIi SEEKS
ACTION, FINDS GRINNELL
Five and a half years ago
an glossary ot that greatest or
all metropolitan newspapers,
The New York Times, percent
ed onto a Grinnell campus then
“galvanized" by the mere suggestion that a follows shelter
be built in the basement of the
new fine arts building then
under construction.
Last Sunday can Robertson,
of the Times Washington bureau, was back at Grinnell to
western—oi all things—“the na<
sure and extent of political and
social activity at Grinncll,
1967.”
Miss Robertsoniwho is also
researchers activity at Harvr
and, Berkeley, the University of
Texas, anal the University oi
Wisconsin —interpreted SGA
president pic MaCDOWell, AWS
board president Leida Schoggen,
5&3 editor Barry Ancona and
several other “student leaders”
chosen for her by the college
Information Service.
She talked With members DI
the Grinnell Student Movement
(GSM) concerning anti-war statement on campus and inter.
v i e w e :1 several anthropology
motors on problems at metro—
substitute and civil rights at
Grinnell.
Miss Robertson also attended
a dinner with officials of the
college Development office and
Information Service and sub
l-ladies‘new former 5&3 editor
and freelance war corresponding.
The Times reporter, presently doing a series of follow-up
articles on an activity series
printed in the Times in 1962,
noted a change in the Grinnell
sonic-political climate since her
last visit
In 1962 she said she found
the campus “sweet with humor,
appreciation and discussion" at
peace tests, anti - war movements. and international politics.
An international relations club
430 members strong—was the
most powerful organization at
Grinnell.
And when Miss Robertson invited student leaders over to
the parallel Park Street draw.
ing rooms of Grinnell House in
1962, she said she got quotes
like this one:
“We are building up to explore out at the private world
or the college. . . We want to
assets our feelings and our intellectual arguments in a more
public way."
”Grinnell College when I was
here last was ‘something else,’ "
She told the 5&3.
“Concern about weapons and
war is normal at such colleges
as Swarthmorel It has Quaker
and pacifist traditions," Miss
«annoys
ALWAYS FIRST BUALIT
Reduced Thru Saturday
MEN'S T‘OWNCRAFT JACKETS
Penn-Pres? cap shoulder jacket of Dacron® polyester/
cotton still. dining or nylon® acrylic flush file/cotton
back. levels oscar.
S-M-L-XL.
REG. l7,‘78 NOW 14.83
Thick 'n thin cotton corduroy jacket lined with acrylic
file/cotton back. janet collar. novelty neck
closure. fixes S»M-L-XL.
REG. I738 NOW 14.88
penetration was not sponsored by the administra-
Robertson Wrote in the Times
on May 16, 1962, “But Grinnell?
it is a college without church
affiliation with no similar pad
first history, out in the Iowa
corniieldst . . "
Miss Robertson described
Griunell College student opinion, cisco 1962, as “vocal, uni«
tied, active.”
Want to hear Grinnell activity cisco 1967? Listen to Rio
MacDowell at the end of his
interview with Miss Robertsonzl
“If there is anything we can
do to help you understand Grinnell, let me know; 1'11 get you
a student handbook ”
Tape Recorders
3 Fine Lines —
Take Your Pick
PANASONIC
SONY
MASTERWORKS
(Columbia)
Open Saturday openings
5:30 . 9:00 pro.
LEEPER'S
MUSIC co.
 
Frldly. November I7, I957 SCARLET AND ILACK n - .
hiackest lie: that this war is
being fought in the name, defense, and honor of the American people. It would be clear
to everyone that American citizens who publicly perfect their
draft cards will not have their
names associated in any way
with the war.
} HOFFMANS
(Continued from Page 1)
would require the Foundation oi
a generally tree electoral system by speaking truth to power.
In other words, citizens would
ignore the current electoral
system that forces so many
voters to lie to their government, and they would express
their opposition to violence and
sacred in a peaceful, loving,
and grateful manner that would
thoroughly contractor the government's lies and stations.
recently, the new voting system would allow many who
want withdrawals of American
troops from Vietnam to express
their choice directly, thus reintroducing valid choice on ma»
for foreign policy issues into
American politcs.
shortly, lists-Zl-yearrolds who
can kill or die for their country
but not vote for it’s leaders
would be eligible under the new
system to exercise their full
rights as U.S. citizens.
Draft Card returning would be
the most direct possible re
spouse to the government’s
Exclusive Ai
courtesy, the new system inTﬂARP s corporates three elements that
would serve to keep its control
in the hands of the people, thus
giving them real electoral power
to reduce currently excessive
power at the President:
(1) follows are already in
possession of the voters and
citizens are already registered
to vote; hence the government
cannon withhold their balloon or
refuse to let them register for
an election.
(2) Voters do not have to wait
{or the government to call or
allow an election; hence they
can hold an election whenever
they wish.
(3) According to government
policy for processing the bad
lots oi the new system, voting
booth operators mail the balloon directly to Washington, thus
elimination the delay involved
in the red tape of the current
system,
Instead of having his ballot
merely counted and reported to
 
For the Ladies—
IJu Barry
Mary Sherman
Helen years
Mia cosmetics
shareware
iiiiinaware
For the Men —
Mr. L
St. Johns
GRAND OPENENG
carlos
Jewelry
Japanese Hand-called candles
Hand-painted Indian print Bedspreads
GEMS ENTERNATIONAL
(formerly the eastern)
"From around the world we bring you gifts"
7M BROAD
{KITTEN-SOFT GO-MOCSI
n central rally location, a votes
in the new system can be certain that his ballot will make
an immediate impact on Wash‘
ington. . . .
October 16 law the birth 0!
this new voting system, with
more chain 1.000 Americans
across the nation, including
three in Iowa, casting ballot:
for peace and freedom.
The next national election
under the new voting process
will be held December 4, and
all Americans who want to
make balloon again superior to
budgets in this country are we)come to vote.
 
WAYNE'S STEAKl'lOllSE
”The sex”
THE GOLDEN BREW
AWAITS YOU!
bachelor and aud—0n Tap
NEXT TO THE THEATER
 
1. What are you
doing, Al?
Lesson 1 in
'improving Your
way To Tile Top.”
& Really?
I’ve learned an awful
lot team "Sidestepping
Middle Management. and
Other Fancy homework."
2. What’s this
all about?
Preparing for the
start of my
business career.
4. Sounds fascinating.
You should read
“Fun Things To Do'
With Your Fm
Million."
l5, if you don't mind my saying so,
i think you’ll szwe time and
effort by looking into the terryﬁc
oppormnitics (it available.
The work is cllnllcnging, the pay
good, and there on plenty of
chances to move up fast.
What’all do with "How To Play
Losing Golf With Your Boss?”
Just arrived! Freshl likely! nancy] Come ease into a pair of these
titten-soft go-docs that keep step perfectly with the ”in" crowd.
Now really, is there any other kind? New styles and colors...sizes
biol alil Lady Bostonians. Come sell
Brown's alice Fit
907 MAIN ST.
For details about careers it available, see your Placement occur, if
when name: L. notice, Manager, College Employment.
The EQUIIABLE Life Assurance Society at the United State.
Home Oﬂke: 1285 Ave. of the ADIEHCIS. Nov! York. NiY. “7019
An Emmi Opporimutv Employ", lit/r ﬁEQIlilnhlt rm .
GRJNNELI.
 
’- u Eight
IiililllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllliiUllllilllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllliillillllillllllllillllllllllillllllillllllillllllilllllllllillllllilllillllllillllllilllllllllll"
S & B SPORTS
illliililllllllllllillllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllillllllllllillllllilillllllllilllllllllllllllllilliilllllllllllllllllliilllliilllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llIIIk
ﬂmmlllliﬂiiillllllliiiﬂllll
SUPER SEASON
$FOR FIGHTING FROSH
I By JEFF SCHECKTER
-r he a result of numerous
threats by the freshmen, a poison pen letter and the buildings of a beautiful cheerleader,
the story of the freshman
football team is now being related.
This year's squad is the only
, better and united team in
life history of Grinnell freshmen football. 1n computing this
0rd, the Pioneers detected
Elimell 22-21, Knox 23-14, and
08 124).
A talk with Coach deutsch m.
based that at least 13 of the
1 players on the team are
ready to compete with the van
llty in the Midwest Conference.
The freshmen won their
ages on the strength of their
ins, the querterbacking of
dry Johnson and the mining
of left halfback Roy Lewis.
“The two guards, Steve
ﬂutchlngs and Larry crime,
are two of the finest l have
get coaches,” said Coach
fitsch. They were backed by
Justin Natural Color bufﬁan!
Boer. Justin Black Leather Boer.
Also Texas-brand soon
at Slum
and Red-Wing Roots
Arnold 's Shoes
Jim Edwards and Tom Cole,
two more excellent lincoln.
Doug Lewis was outstanding
as an offensive center and the
tickets Karlan, Rose, Pope
and Hamilton were coming on
stronger with every game.
The ends, Gary Jones and
John Czerwinski, played very
well as both bloggers and re«
servers. Gary Jones called in
three touchdowns and account.
ed for one/third of Grinnell’s
scoring.
Gary Johnson was excellent
in his quarterbacklng, both as
a signal-called and as a player.
Gary passed for three touchdowns and four extra points in
a three game season.
Roy Lewis was the workforce of the fairfield, can-y.
ing the ball for four touchdowns, and should be a hotel<
dial All - Conference runner.
The remainder of the mining
chorus were able performed by
Jim Spell and Bob Haythome.
both of whom were playing out
of normal positions.
The first two games were
played by a nervous and inexperienced team. Twice the
trash were forced to come from
behind in the fourth quarter to
win. The last game with too,
however, was quite different.
Despite the buddy field and
the cold whatever, Grinnell
scored the first time it had the
ball. Keeping on the ground,
Grinnell rolled to a 12—0 lead
at maritime, The mud grew
worse and the defense grew
better and Grinnell eventually
won the game after a awareness
second half.
The 21 players on the team
will be welcomed next year by
the variety. Many of this
year's quarters are seniors.
Look for Jones, Johnson,
crime, buildings, and many
other irish to be playing first
string on the Pioneer variety
next season.
 
LOOK GOOD? — TRY SOME SOON
The Tosy pussy Shop
 
A special role to hungry students!
We Will Be Open
THANKSGIVING DAY
from 6 p.m. 'oil l o.m.
dilhhdlld’b Wild
"THE GAIlBISONS"
earn & oem
PHONE 236-6222 FOR FREE DELIVERY
SCARLET AND BLACK
Novlmb r I7l I957
PIONEER PIGSKINNERS PROVE PUGNACIOUS
GRINNELL GRIDDERS GRAB GAME;
CRUNCH COE (28-14) IN CONTROL CONTEST
The Pioneer football team
detected a strong team from
too College 2844 in their final
game of the season.
The Grinnell team finished
with a 2-6 record, good for a
north place heater
The Pioneers played a control game, clicking to the
ground, against joe’s pass defense, the stainless in the Con‘
defence. During the first quarter, it appeared that Grinnell
would have difficulty Winning
in a game on the ground.
Don Kraitsik hobbies the C06
kick-off and was hit after a five
yard mnback, Dick Lamb and
Kraitsik advanced the ball three
yards to the 23, and Doug link
was bumper behind the line
trying to pass. Dick sussex
} SENATE
(Continued from Page 5)
of Chicago, discussing the de«
equipment of JudeoChristian
ideas in today's society and how
they relate to urban living.
Other possible guests include
Walter Washington, District of
Columbia commissioner. John
Lindsay, mayor of New York,
and a Japanese urban affairs
expert.
Problems of the city of Grinnell end of the Southeast doctors and other areas in Des
scenes would be among those
discussed.
Other developments:
Leida Schoggen, AWS president, announced that grace at
Quad shadows dinner has been
published.
The AWS Board recommends
that each hall be permitted to
keep its lounge open until midnight if it choices.
The Faculty Committee on
Student Affairs has tables the
petition to keep Main Lounge
open all night.
C of HP President Ron Cogswell announced that the Council has passed a motion rec
depending a change in the
North Campus l'oomrdrawing
system and also representing
the integration of computer.
Cogswell felt that, in View of
President suggest‘s speech earlier this Fall, the president Was
likely to approve the decor—
condition. He noted that no
details have as yet been worked
out and issued a plea to students for ideas
Cogswell cited an increasing
ly animalistic personality on
North Campus as the principal
reason for a change He said
that a well~pubiicized letter and
several private conferences be.
green means and concerned Stu<
cents have put pressure on the
means to patrol North Campus.
To avoid making this necessary, Cogswell has asked the
hall treatments to personally
take care of the less discrete
illegal limitations.
The date of this semester's
fast will be set soon. One possible recipient of the funds is
a clinic and school in Iran. The
other possibility so far is M31.
ice or the Red Cross, the full":
to be earmarked for South Vietnamese divisions.
posted, and joe took over on
their 47.
too passed once and ran
three times to put the ball on
the Pioneer 11, where Doug
Boeckmann picked a field goal.
Rich Weeks took the kick-off
18 yards to the 29, and ran a
first down play for 13 more.
due recovered a female, and
brought the ball to the 18, where
Bockmann put away another
three-pointer.
Down 60, the Pioneer offense
simplified. Fine running by
Weeks and Lamb brought the
hall to the C08 36, and link’s
pass to Mike Schwartz gave the
Pioneers first and ten on the
24 as the quarter ended.
link passed to Weeks for
twenty yards, and then ran the
ball in for six points cum Russell’s kick was good, and the
Pioneers took the lead 7-6r
ice had trouble moving the
ball, and posted. Running by
Lamb. Weeks, and Kraitsik put
the Pioneers six inches out,
and Lamb took it in for the
score. Russell added one point
for a 14-8 lead.
The Kohawks brought the ball
to the Pioneer three, where
Grinneil recovered a female,
A link pass was interpreted
and returned to the 15. joe took
the ball to the 10, and Boeckmann's field goal attempt went
Wide. The half ended 14—3.
joe took the Grinneli kick.
off and scored after seven
plays on s 25 yard pass. Quarterback Bill handling ran in
the two-pointer to tie the score
1444.
The game continued without
scoring for almost twenty minutes, with Grinnell getting to
the two yard line twice, but
failing to score. The Kohawks
coupon’t move out of the hole
the second time, however, and
Bob cialis blocked a hunt, which
was recovered by Ken Augus
time for six points. Russell added one more
The Pioneer defense held the
21-14 lead, and bumper the due
quarterback for a twenty yard
loss on a fourth down play.
Weeks carried three times for
a first down, and Lamb ran
thirty yards up the middle for
a TD. Russell's fourth connect<
time extra point put the using
on the cake and Gl‘lnnEII won
2844.
The Pioneers picked up 211
yards pushing and 61 in the
air, demonstration (however
late in the season) their ability
to play to an opponent’s wellness. The defense, especially the
line, played a fine game, giving
up only one touchdown
Mike Schwartz and Dick
Lamb, both seniors, placed
among the top twenty-five showers in the Conference: Schwartz
tied for sixth With 44; Lamb
tied for teeth with 36.
Don Kraitsik and Bob LIlIll
have been named contains of
the 1968 team.
CONFERENCE
FOURTH FOR
HARRIERS
Cross-country captain Doug
gray led the Pioneers to a
fourth place finish in the Midwest Conference meet. Doug,
who finished first for Grinnell
in every meet, was seventh in
the Conference with a clicking
of 21:53.
The Midwest Conference meet
was the finals for the ’67 squad
and was their best effort. Finishing behind gray for Grinnell were Bob Grant (18), Bob
Asbille (23), Spencer Clark (32),
and Bruce Luecke (35) for l
115 total.
The Pioneers were 4-3 In the
conference for the season with
an overall record of 46. The
team won its last three dual
meets and was getting stronger
with each race.
honest boston was named
the most valuable runner of the
freshman team that won the
conference championship. Other
members of the team were
Jack Gochenouer, Eric Jahn,
Tim Power, John powell, Bob
Fritzmeier, and Howard Reid.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
Across from the Post Office
 
ADDRESS HEREt
 
