SCARLET & BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
 
'not.
Grinnell, Iowa Friday, September 8, 1967
No. 2
 
Photo by nick Treuniann
, HAGKES SPEAKS
AT GONVOGATION
The annual college corporation Monday night had something for everyone.
An estimated 85o students get
a charge out of Chairman of
the Faculty Joseph Wall.
‘ Speaker Peter s. jacket, NBC
‘ news space writer, got an
_ contrary degree in the 80 degree
heat or party Gym.
President Glenn suggest got
a plan to make Grinnell “the
finest residential liberal arts
college in the nation.”
The faculty got to wear its
towns, and the choir got to
sing.
And everybody got to hear
a recorded professional and dimensional,
INTERVIEW
WITH HAGKES
By GERALD SWANSON
An NBC. Television space
specialist had more to say on
politics, wrapping and permission than on the space program
during his visit to the Grinnell
campus Monday.
Peter Heckes, a former Read
prep and Grinnell graduate
gave his predictions for the
1963 presidential elections in all
interview with the see.
‘It the elections were held
tomorrow london J o h n s o it
would probably win only because nobody else would have
time to campaign against him.
Johnson is definitely in tl‘oubIE.
mainly because at the Vietnam
war, which has wrapped him into a situation in which there
is nothing he can really do."
The from running candidate
at this time, according to Mr.
jacket, is Richard simon, who
“seems to have the most et‘»
ancient organization.”
jacket discounted R o ii a I d
Reagan as a possible romance
because of “his problems within the party” and eliminated
George Romney because “he's
a little on the horny side.
Romney also would be troubled
by his affiliation with the L.D.S.
(common) Church, which has
not yet taken a stand on civil
rights."
The former Read freshman
(During the war years, Nomi
MAGAZINE '
T0 REPLACE
ALUMNI S&B
By MOLLY MCGUIRE
The traditional Alumni
charles and Black will be replaced by a new publication
Called The Grinnell Magazine.
Unlike the old newspaper, a
your~page publication put out
six times a year, the magazine
will be a quarterly of at least
twenty - eight pages. The new
publication is being edited by
Dean of Men, S. Eugene
Thompson, who worked on the
charles and Black when he was
a student at Grinnell.
When asked about the reason
for the change, Thompson ex.
planned that there had been
strong faculty interest in a
magazine of this type, In a
magazine format, rather than
that of a newspaper, more employees can be given to the ln<
tellectual side of the college,
not just the current news.
In addition to the regulara.
Iumni notes and news briefs
about the college, Thompson
hopes to include longer anti-’
cles dealing with the college,
and also student work. “We
definitely want students to
work on the magazine. The
only real criteria that covers
all instances is that the stuff
be of general interest. I will
be glad to see anything anyone
has oi interest to the magazine." Many colleges, Thompson pointed out, put out Alumni
magazines so interesting that
even people not involved in the
college enjoy reading them. H
would like to See Grillnell’s become one of these.
Dean Thompson does not see
The Grinnell Magazine as a
fund~raising vehicle; merely as
a promotion to those people already interested.
campus was used as an Army
training center and south cam<
put lion cold housing) also
commented on wrapping.
“wrapping now is nothing
like when I was a ii‘eshmah.
We were dropped like mad,
however, I have no bad feelings about the program. We
had to time lions at the bank.
wear beatles, and go through
a hell night.”
“This wrapping integrated tlte
irish lnlo campus activities and
created a reference among the
ireshmeii boys.”
jacket spoke on permission
through the medium oi television during a private coffee
hour given by Sigma Delta Chi
and Theta sigma Phi, the men's
and w o m e n . s journalistic
societies.
Discussion centered on proc
less oI the ”Vast Wastelandt”
“Television does result people,
and most of the poor programming is caused by sponsorship
problems. . . biit the money
Photo by Alan Bernhardt
Don stamp colleges a quarter iron. Bob joyce for th.
campus bicycle find.
 
MQNEY BEING COLLEGTED
PM CAMPUS BIKE FLEET
Grinnell students, long used
to their text as the only means
or transportation. may soon
have a second choice.
Three Grinnell students, bobby Friedman, holly calcium,
and Don stamp, hope to make
tree bicycles available to Grinnellians. The plan developed by
the three students involves a
donation ot twenty-live cents
from at least a thousand people.
Aside iiom financing the plan
by student donation, another
important means of getting
money will be subscriptions to
the Dave Gibson Memorial
Monthly Magazine.
With a minimum of 5250, they
hope to buy fifteen to twenty
bikes.
According to the plan, the
bikes will calculate freely about
the campus. A bike may be
picked up by a student anyv
where on campus, then dropped
when he reaches his destination. The bikes may also be
taken off campus, but the student will be on his honor to
return the bike to campus.
The bikes will be identiﬁable
by some sort of unique design
or odd color,
The organizing of this idea
have talked to representatives
of the Schwinn Bicycle Company, and hope to get a good
deal on the bicycles.
North Campus students who
have been and will be collecting money are:
Don stamp, liable; Gary Agisim, watson, Tim women.
West; Dave Brian, Langan;
Dick party, Cowles; Art
angeles, South counter.
Representatives Will also be
named to make, collections on
South Campus.
 
has to come from somewhere."
l-ladies concluded that professional education in journalism is not necessary to become
)1 success in the field. ‘There
inn’t anything in the tools oI
Journalism that you can't learn
in six months working for a
good newspaper. reliable more
important is a good background
in the liberal arts."
COME TO
CAMPUS
CARNIVAL
GLINIU BRANGH
OPENS HERE
By MARTHA BERKEY
The master-Poweshkk County
Mental Health Center opened
in Grinnell Sept. 5 with offices
in the Community Hospital.
This represents an expansion
of the services of the master
County clinic. Previously, psyo
chiatric counseling for student!
investigated traveling to Newton. Now, most of the sessions
can be conducted in Grinnell.
The Grinnell office is stuffed
by a full-time clinical psychologist, Dr. John Dani a dealtime secretary-refer ist; a
cartridge social worker, carol
follows; and part-time doctors
Berryllill (psychiatrist) and
Demorest (psychologist).
The center continues its cons
tract with the college by which
the college pays for the first
six interviews with a student.
However, most student problems should be handled by
campus counseling and initially
students should go to the resident advisors, counseling, or
means who may then water them
to the center. However, the
feeling that there exists a outline between doctors and means.
which has gathered students in
the past, may be designed.
In an interview this week, Dl‘o
Daniel assured tale 5&3, “Everys
thing the student says here remains confidential. If there is
a problem which we feel should
be discussed with college
personnel, we have to get a
written release of information
from the student."
The Center is open as, Mon.
.Fri.
32 JOIN
FACULTY
Thirty-two new faculty series
here have joined Grinnell College for the 1967—68 academic
year. They are:
Professor—Maj. Jack M. Steger, aerospace studies and
commander of the Air Force
ROTC attachment.
Associate Professor — brain
soldiers, sociologY; Ralph A.
Luebben, anthropolog)’; Porter
S. Woods, speech and theatre.
Assistant Professormlohn D.
madison, mathematics; Peter A.
norman, physics and philosophy or science; part J. horse,
art; Dennis K. Murphy, educan
tion.
instructor—Donald B, older,
chemistry; Stephen H.
scratch, Russian; Gary R. C:gle. philosophy; sandra ,
both, physical education toll
women; real A. Milnet, political science; Edward M. Moore,
English; David B. cornell.
French; Sheldon D. Pomn, theology; Dennis R. kerry, spanish; Ronald D. plant, mother
basics: martin A. Sohwartl.
FACULTY—
(Continued on Page I. .
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
SCARLET 5 BLACK
Student Newspaper of Grinnell College
Grinnell, Iowa sol i2
OPS
A weekly newspaper published each mm or
the college year by the crlnnoll committee on Sin
(left publications. Represented [or national Cuilllvcrusing by National advertiser Service, inc, o ago
Member.“ ﬂ” Publlsllcls ficpicscntauvc, is least 50th Street, New
Collegiate York 22, N.Y. Second class postage p‘oidlut Gimpg’lo,
rows. Subscription role $5.00 per same year.
he“ 59M" said subscriptions.
EDITOR .. .. perry Ancnnl
BUSXNESS MANAGER _
Stephen nurse
oils
MAKING YOUR SCENE
in his remarks at corporation Monday, Peter jacket spoke
of the technological growth that has occurred since his undergraduate days, and predicted the trend of further growth to the year
1000. None of us would deny the great changes that science has
made in our world, nor the importance of continued scientific investors.
it was opportunity, however, that Mr. jacket discussed from
his catalog of the good things in life to comment on “the gang
that turns itself on.” He is as sure that his world of technology
is the scene to make as he is afraid the nipples believe theory’
is the only way.
We are certainly not recovered about room for spiritual and
social growth in the world when the nipples are described as
working for love only by “lying back on (their) long hair and
creating," and when earning a degree from Grinnell helps
guarantee its owner “a placed life and a educational career.”
We hope that Mr. recipes does not believe that all nipples
are lazy because they don’t want to work hard to earn a placed
life. Their effort in many other directions point up their willingness to work. Each person has his own individual scene to make,
and if he denied it, he denied his individuality.
Technological growth is a man-made pressing of our age, but
spiritual and SOCIal growth must also Come from men. The latter
must according the former if We are to ﬁnd any satisfaction in
our scientific paradise.
THE GRINNELL MAGAZlNE
We are pleased to hear about Dean Thompson’s new Grinnell
Magazine. The plan to enlarge the size and expand the content of
the old Alumni charles 8r Black is well thought out.
Through this new medium, Grinnell alumni and friends will be
able to see the best in news, creative writing and photography
from the campus. Their equipment will not be disturbed by irresponsible editors, or frank writers, or other characters from the
true Grinnell picture. And of course, the magazine will continue
to publish true stories about the college while Student publications
willow in evil, decent, and corruption
Grinnell students will surely Want to see What their college il
really like, and the magazine should online them
One suggestion: Why not include favorite campus jokes, vo—
cabulary tests, first person stories ot heroism and articles by
conservative alumni and call it Grinneliians’ Digest,
Edilo
earn STAFF MEETINGS
7 sun. Sundays in salt omeNewcomen Welcome
Parents, Alumni, Friends . . .
This is a complimentary copy of the charles 8r Elixir.
To ensure receipt of all issues of the 58.3. send five
dollars now to Business Manager Stephen false.
 
 
Pierced warning
Headquarters in
Grinnell
frames's Jewelry
CORNER OF 4TH AND BROAD
236-4948
NEWS BRIEFS
Promotions have been granted to fell members of the
faculty, President Glenn suggest has announced. They are
effective this (all.
The promotions:
To professor — Raymond F.
Belts, history; Alan R. Jones,
history; Don Jones, music;
aaron M. Liberman, English;
Morris Parslow, French; and
albert M. Smith, French and
music.
To associate professorARonaid 1. Kurtz, anthropology; Vic—
[or S. Verrelie, French; and
James S. pages, political science.
To assistant professor —
George M. Young, In, Russian.
Eugene A. robert, currently
an assistant in physical education for men, will become an
instructors
a a a
Two English processors, calcium Nelson and a new faculty
member, Edward Moore, collected 133 signatures of students
against the war in Vietnam at
a table set up outside party
Gym during registration.
Donations in excess of thirteen dollars were collected and
Moore, who has expressed willingness to be faculty advisor
for an anti-war organization on
campus, tried interested students to sign up in ARH 23.
.r x a
Republican David Stanley,
Iowa State Senator from Cedar
and Muscatine counties, will be
the featured speaker at the an.
null Grinnell College Young
Republican picnic, which will
be held on career Plaza at
4:30 pm Sunday, September
10.
Senator Stanley, 39 years old
and an Iowa native, is the first
declared candidate for the 1968
Republican Senatorial nomination. Stanley is seeking the seat
currently held by Republican
source Hickenlooper.
a v a
Howard S. current will join
the Grinnell College administrative staff Sept. 16 as dubai—
nations associate in the information Service.
At the same time, President
suggest announced two promo
tions and the changing of the
name of the Office of Public
Relations to Information Service, effective Sept. 1. Fred C.
less, director of public relations for the past five and a
half years, will become associate director of development.
MKS. Ruth Prescott, associate
director of public relations, will
become director of the Information Seercet
a s a
The college picture rental
collection Will be available to
moscow (Saturday) in the Fine
Arts Center basement consider.
meeting will be open to students only from 2:00 , 3:00 pm.
and to faculty and administrn
live staff members from 3:003:30 pm
Original paintings and prints,
as well as fine color reprodud
tions, are included with many
different subjects and styles,
and sizes in the assessment.
All pictures are framed and
ready to hang.
Fees range from fifty cents to
two dollars for the college
year.
Friday. September 8. l?"
THE LONELINESS OF THE
IONG DTSTANT STllDENT
Paul Jones
One of tile most president attitudes or philosophies among
creative people at Grinnell is that which I chose to call ‘phones
news’. This is not the same as trying to be an individual, or 'eden—
city crisis’, or apache, or any of the other lifetime salaries with‘
which Grinnell Supposedly has been planned But, on the other
hand, it is perhaps the basis or one of the prime bases of some of
these journal problems.
This is not to deny that there are virtual to being alone with
yourself and involving in introspection at times, but carried to
extremes, as in anything, it becomes an evil which by far cute
weight its virtual. To hear people complete about having no-one
to 'talk to’, to hear them say that there is nothing to do here, is
one indication of this. But a much greater and more important
indication is the pretty much total unwillingness of many people
— students and faculty alike —— to express what they as individuals feel or think. There are plenty of ‘concern’ people on this
campus, but it is hard to prove this by public example.
I for one elm convinced that there are a majority of people
at Grinnell who have deep and important feelings to recognize
and, if ever expressed, thoughts that would probably approach
the limits of proiundity.
Why, then, is this the case? Is it because there is not a willingness to express? I don’t think that this is the case at all. It is
more a fear- to express. There is the fear to allow yourself to be
placed in a position to be criticism ‘ mean customized in the sense
of judges or measured, not or red in the sense of being
walkedon. To fear being walked-on is a legitimate fear, but unfortunately one endangered by the former sense of ‘tn be customized'. That is, most of the ‘judgment’ that takes place is a do
structure type that forces most people to conclude that to be
placed in tiny position of criticism, outside of the classroom, iii
dangerous and to be shared.
What does all of this have to do with ‘awareness’ that I mentioned before? Perhaps this attitude of awareness is only a nation.
animation for the fear of criticism or judgment, and the opportunity result is that creativity becomes a private affair.
When this happens, a college campus becomes a stories and
quiet place. it is opportunity that Grinnell has assumed this
atmosphere,
 
ellis Ice Cream Bar
Only Home-made Ice Cream
In Grinnell
825 5th
 
Books - Candles - Giil's
Mar’run Senour Pain’rs'
square's Home Specially store
820 4TH AVENUE
 
nasty Pastry shop
“for All Your patient Needs"
923 Broad
236-4386
 
Friday. September 9, I967
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
A GUIDE FOR HARRIED FROSH:
HOW TO WIN PROFS
AND INFLUENCE GRADE POINTS
By DON WINNEY
As two—interventions. m u s r
freshmen right now are proc«
able sharing automatically. cfr
her all, at an intellectual school
like Grinneil how can they express anyone without amber<
assembly containing their medicare college board scores or something to everyone’s abuse
ment that they’re just not a National Merit Scholar?
Well, let’s face it, both admissions are just terrible
gauche at the Harvard of the
Midwest. But there is something
freshmen can do to Win friends,
influence press, and estimate
gradepoints. Yes, future fellow-
ship following, it just takes
thirty minutes for n more
powerful intellectual vocabulary
——or, as they say in intellectuaiese, to permalink the academic patois.
Now let’s take an example,
a conceptual example or course,
a typical sentence from a type«
cal humanities paper written by
an physical Grinnell freshman.
(All Grinnell students. account
ing to the catalogue, are physical although they may typically get C’s.) “King year,” writes
this terrible in n o c e n t fresh<
man, “is about life." Now immediately it is obvious our
prep has made, us they say,
an religious mistake—maybe
oven to ratings one or, fortua
lately, maybe just a mistake.
You see, everything outside the
academic world and some
things in it, like IQ's, are
amendment. The word amendment is a very useful one to
show that the professor has observed something floral with a
thesaurus. To the unexpected
it’s just some facts. Now, dramatically refined, we can
write, “The phenomenon of
King year is about life.”
But in our verbal utopia. nothing ever “is." Some things
“military tower 4" Other things
"military against.“ But nothing
over “is." So next we must
write. “The phenomenon of
King year estimates toward
life." But what about that word
life? Life Is an extremely religious term. filled with seeking simplified but really as
complex—as well, life It might
be confused with all kinds of
things, like the magazine. So
we need a word with more provision, a word with more expression. yes a word with more
impression. “The phenomenon
or King year" we write knowingly, “military: toward the
human condition."
Now that’s beautiful. And It
expressed so much But, we
ask with the critical scholar’s
Eye, does it express enough?
Does it express those subtle
chances ill thought, those sub
permanent layer: of symbolic
meaning? Unfortunately not. So
we must, as they say it
were, “explicitly duplicate" the
thought. (A sentence, by the
way, ls always a complete
thought. although a thought may
not be a sentence unless, that
is, it is complete and only then
when it is Verbalized thusly except if the sentence itself is
incomplete. See first humanities
lecture.) By explicitly explicit.
ing, we supply more permanent
information to the sentence
while using, naturally, the some
impressive precision in the original thought (which is also I
complete sentence.)
“The phenomenon of King
lean," we write forestry,
“dramatically maximizing in
Elizabethan conceptualizations
the thesis theorized by William
Shakespeare, estimates toward
the human condition '
How expressively these sql<
ladies indicate; how increasingly they sonorously rebound.
One look and the proc will
history write “very perception"
on your paper. B plus you, and
run shooting to the dictionary.
But that's not enough, He has
to be serious; he has to saint
when he gets there. What’s
missing? Wily that suggestion
touch oi philosophy. or course,
that critical mention of massive
ideas.
Now I think the all‘final
freshman should be warned at
this point about introducing
orgiasiic thoughts into intellectual interactive, Favorite
philosophic terms will vary with
e u c h intellectual generation.
Several years ago, for example,
everyone. especially Huckleberry Finn, was a latest home<
sexual. Now King year may
very well be a latest transexual, (Please, I don't want
here in any way to make any
value judgment about the gene—
fits or costs of homosexuality
before running a costabenefit
analysis on the subject,) But it
is well to in him into a larger
context,—into a broader frame
at reference.—to which the pro
lesson can readily identify. (Unless, of course, your proc is a
latest transexual in which case
it is best to be quite discrete).
Today the intellectual likes to
find existentialists, Existentialists are here, there, and every.
where, somewhat like the Beatles, but not quite so turned on.
1n fact, most have turned not
somewhere into a trademark
where they wait hopefully to
be represented by a scholar
after—as it is. was, and were—
u respiratory providing reappraisal. But don't worry. intelligent scholar has already
done it, so just check the card
catalogue Then, decide what
kind of existentialist (King
year, for example, was written
before the term was intended).
Now ﬁrally, we are ready
for that last listing phrase interventions love so much to use,
a phrase guaranteed to make
the proc variable a suffering
A: in the final analysis. “In
the final analysis," we write
with perhaps a since of went
earned humidity, “the phenomenon oi King year. dramatically maximizing in Elizabethan
conceptualizations the thesis theorized by William Shakespeare,
military: toward the human
condition in the historical context of pages—existerltialism."
There. Now wash't that simple?
 
SWEDE’S GRINNELL LAUNDRY
GRINNELL'S ONLY HOME-OWNED
Serving Both North and South
Campus Agencies
Specializing in Shirts and Wash-Points
236-6072
AN MAL BEHAVIOUR
By No“ kitchen
When the winds of liberalism came to campus last semester,
“no hours for women students" was brown. The reason? Simple
—— it may get a little cold.
imagine, if you will, a North Campus boy and a South Cams
put girl. The time is hearing midnight on a Saturday night. Both
have finished their sunday assignments and, let us say, they'll
just leo to go somewhere and talk.
And they can. can't they? motor all, the progressive Grinnell
administration and student body passed “no hours for women
students."
They can go where they want and stay out as late as they
Want, They are free individuals capable or conducting themselve.
as begins Grinnellians. Pretty little picture?
Not quite.
Imagine it in January, It is a minus two degrees outside.
The library closed last year highway at about 11:15 pm, phil
year it will close at 11:15 pm
The Forum closed last year at 12:30 am. on Saturday
nights. This year it will close at 12:30 am. on Saturday nights,
Hall younger are out limits at 12:30 a.rn. at the very latest,
and student rooms are only legal during the little periods on Sunday afterwards.
Downtown bars are expensive, The Shell river — the only
place in town that stays open all night — Is far front campus.
The Monroe Hotel is a little industries,
i’ll tell you what: They can sit outside in the Iowa winter
until they freeze into the cold. entirely moral statistics all good
administrators years for.
Ask the administration what good “no hours for women"
does it you don’t have any place to go. They'll tell you they’re
working on it. Oh. yes, they'll tell you. Here are some samples:
Henry older, head oi nursing Library: “1 have been assured
that [here will be no change in library hours this year.”
Mrs. R. A. Hawk, manager of the Forum: “1 don’t expect
any change . , t We don’t expect to be open any later this year,
and 1 haven’t had any indication from anybody that any place
will be open any later.”
Dean centers: “I don't know, and I make no comment a!
this time. This is something that will have to be considered by
the 196168 Student Affairs Committee. . .”
The clean added that the Student Affair! Committee hash't
scheduled a meeting. “I don't know when the first meeting will
be."
But Dean Thompson probably best elucidated the “no hour:
for women students” situation a: it stands — and i do mean
“stands":
"No one should access us of bad faith, because this it
something that should have been thought about harder before.
"And it you want action, you'll have to push the members or
the (Student Affairs) committee.
“We are a school that looks at the things we do from every
possible angle . . . Sometimes we look so hard we don’t take
enough action,
“if you want to tell them something, tell them to tell tom
committee members to come to a meeting. Don't let just a few
come - not enough to do anything. Get them all there and tell
them what you want. Don‘t let them just pass the proposal
around for inspection a week later in a (campus mall) envelope, .
So, for a starter, l’m telling you just what the means told
me, Right from the horses' months, you might say.
Now, studies, get angry and tell them — Mr. karma, Mr.
powers, Mr, pages, Mr. Wall, Dean Low, Dean Thompson, Dean
centers and Dean Stauss — that you want workplace to go late
at night,
If you don’t, ”no hours for women students" inn't worth a
tender’s damn, your freedom is worth nothing, and your mind!
must have been brown away by the Winds of liberal small talk.
 
FORUM
COFFEE HOUSE
OPENS FRIDAY 8 PM.
KIRSCHNER SINGS
10 PM.
coffee
 
A STUDENT OPINION
STUDENT-RATED FACULTIES
By BOB SWORTWOOD
The issue of a student-rated faculty is an important one.
Student rating is a means by which all students can corporate
to improve the college. it allows a middle ground for construction critiCism. New, when Grinnell students area’t receiving
against the Establishment, they’re flooring it. systematically
compiled student opinions on teachers and courses might calculate greater undergraduate interest in the school, and improve
the quality or a Grinneil education.
Right now there is no really good method to measure the
quality or teaching at Grinneii. A new student setting up his
schedule has only two sources from which to judge. First, he can
look up faculty degrees, alma waters and publication records in
various school journals, all or which frequently mean nothing as
tar as teaching ability is concerned. Second, he can ask somebody
else. Since faculty members understandably refuse to evaluate
their peers in front ot undergraduates, students usually end up
rolling each other. This is potentially more successful, because
most Older Grinnell Students have an idea of who is good or bad.
The proper is that many upperclassmen are unable to back up
their evaluations, When asked for his opinion the typical upperciassmall turns rUmDi'danger‘ concerning processors outside of
his direct contact. He sites anecdotes from the campus traveling
which are often passed around more for their humor than their
validity. When occasionally a dose or bridge nursing or personal
bias is thrown in, the freshman is better Off knowing nothing at
Elli
The solution might already have been found at schools
such as Harvard and Berkeley. Students publish their own guides
to Courses and teachers. Publications are based on question
raises filled out contidentially during the previous semester in
each of the courses listed. The answers are then evaluated and
regulated at Berkeley, by graduate students in the respective tlepartments, and at Harvard by the editors oi “Tile Crimsun.” Thus,
the comments DI one or two source students do not color a composite picture,
Most important, however, is the value or such a system for
ordered student criticism. There is no reason why students may
not bring to public attention the professor so ill-prepared he con»
stanley brother old questions, the professor who never hands back
tests or papers, or the one who year after year reads his lecture
notes In a gambling monitors. conversion, why not applied the
good teacher and explain the nature oi his contributions?
Although student opinion is often held in desperate as nothing»
ing extremely, there is in fact no reason to believe the student
cannon be a iatrminded judge. Further, when he passes rumors
outside or class he is lodging. When one section oi a course operators, and another is warren. this chances a student Judgment.
Therefore, since such evaluations are being made, why not make
explicit the reasons for them in a student pamphlet such as map
card’s “Conﬁcentral Guide ID Courses?” hopefully, teaching at
Grinnetl might improve.
Annual ’ -.
Factory Sale
tickets
Gloves
Thousands of Items
733 Broad Street
Over The Tracks and Across
from the number Company
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. september l.
 
Enro
Munsingwear
terms
Puri’ran British S’reading Jan’rzen
hockey
Lee
Jade was’r
females
sarah sharp
Arrow
Boh Reimer slot”
Grinnell’s Finest
 
Welcome G connections!
Come See Us for
GIFTS - UNUSUAL
QUALITY JEWELRY
SOUND DIAMOND VALUES
sin Wrapping "No Charge"
JOSEPH'S JEWELRY STORE
819 - 49h Ave. — Grinnell
 
FULBRIGHTS
The competition for United
States Government grants for
graduate study or research, or
for study and professional trading in the creative anti per»
for-king arts abroad in 1968-69,
is hearing a close.
Tile awards are available
under the FillbrlghtrHays Act
as part or the educational and
cultural exchange program or
the US. Department or State.
The program, administered by
the Institute of international
Education, is intended to increase m u tu al understanding
between the people or the
United States and other countries, and provides more than
800 grants for study in 52 corn»
tries.
Application forms and inter—
nation iDr students at Gl'cornell
may be obtained from the cam»
put copyright advisor, Mr.
cleaner.
' UNCLE SAM'S
CLUB NEEDS
YOU!
5i led for the good lite and perfect for any
education . . . these one manuals by Sehago-acc
will give you the ultimate in comfort and long
mean
Join the millions of young battle" who have discovered the quality difference in lebanon.
Come in isdsy and see ice yourself.
ARNOLD'S
SHOES
 
friday. Septemh'cr a. I651
ODTOBER OQNVOOATION
PARTIOII’ANTS NAMED
By GORDON CHRISTENSEN
The names of the twenty-three participants in the October
27%) corporation have been released by James O, wilson, Director of Development. They are:
James I, Armstrong, president, Middlebury college
Daniel Bell, sociologist. Columbia University
Stephen genetics, powerseller Brothers Fund
George Champion, board chairman, Chase Manhattan Bank
Ralph W, madison, author of the Invisible Man
Fred w. Friendly, columbia University; former president of
CBS News
Richard Gilman, drama crisis, Newsweek; will be professor
oi drama. Yale University
Raymond A. care, olympus; former ambassador to Egypt;
president, The middle East Institute
8. I. Hayakawa, professor of penalties, San Francisco State
College
Gerald Holtcn, professor oi physics, Harvard University
Martin Luther King
William H. Lawrence. White House corresponding
Dean E, McHenry, chancellor, University of California,
Santa Cruz
Marshall McLuhan, director, Centre for Culture and Technology, University of Toronto; goes to abraham this fall to
hold the Albert Schweitzer Chair in Humanities
Benjamin E. days, president americas ot warehouse College
Leonard S. Meyer, chairman, Department at Music, University of Chicago
F. Ashley contact, anthropologist, social biologist, Princeton
University
Willie Morris, editor at Harper’s
Calvin H. Plimpton, president, Amherst College
Robert Rauschenberg, artist
Richard H. covers, writer, New worker, magazine
Harold Schonherg, senior music crisis, New York Times
James A. Van Allen. physician, University at Iowa
In addition, britney Young, Executive Director of the national Urban league, and Martin peterson, former Acting Chancellor at Berkeley may also attend the weekend sessions.
rendering around the corporation theme, “The Liberal Arts
College in a World of Change," will be three addresses and five
panel discussions. Ashley contact will speak on “Race, Science,
and Humanity,” while Martin Luther King will be the speaker at
the college church services, and George Champion Will address
the college at the learning of the contrary degrees The live various, whose topics will be, “Higher Education and Social Change,”
"Education for a Scientific and Technological World," “Urban
Culture, the metro, and Higher educated “Mass Media: generating nr performing higher Education,” and “The Arts and the
erotic”; will be made up of the remaining participants, whose
fields are closely related to the discussion topic The conflicts will
be allowed a fifteen minute speech each, then there will be a general discussion among conflicts and audience, moderator by a
faculty member.
There will also be studentrfaculty interaction with participants
during a continental breakfast on both north and south campus,
and at a reception at Grinnell House for the visitors. in addition,
several of the participants are expected to stay in the men’s
forms.
 
See You al- the
variety
917 Broad
 
Penney;
WELCOME STUDENTS
Headquarters for Bedspread,
Rug and Material frames
See You At Penney’s
SCARLET AND BLACK
GOD SQUAD
PLANS AUOT N
This year, as in past years,
the Board oi Religion is Sponsoring its annual auction to
raise money for the World university Service. The event is
scheduled for October 7 at 8:00
pm, when faculty and student
winners, parties, services, and
other items will be sold.
The w.U.S. was organized in
1920 to provide a program or
mutual assistance among the
universities of the world. This
program is especially active in
Asia, Africa and Latin America. Their major concerns are
student health, food and listings, educational societies, and
individual and emergency aid.
An example or a wrus. pro<
ject is the University of Basuta
brand, Bechuanaland and Swazi—
land (UBBS), the only university level institution in South
Africa which is not subject to
apartment,
The organization is continually raising funds to support such
activities. The Board of Religion is optimistic that many
students and campus groups
will participate in the auction
this year.
GOFFEE HOUSE
REOPENING WITH
NEW MANAGER
different food served every
Week will characterize the Forum Coffee House, opening this
weekend under new management.
Hours will be a pm. Friday
and Saturday and on other se<
left nights alter major pros
ductionsi
Ann Kirschner and Dru McCoilaughy are presenting a pro«
gray or contemporary and url—
final songs at in pm. Friday.
Food will include “all kinds
of overall things," according to
Saga Chuck Hand.
Plans for the year range
from tips and instances to
“lunch" and ”glow” and a new
method oi making expressu coffee
It enough enthusiasm is gen—
stated, according to the management, and more people come
the load promises to get cheaper and the entertainment more
frequent and exciting.
NO PRESIDENT
YET IN LANGAN
duncan Hall is operating
without a house president or
.half senators Acting President
John sitemap has Set this Sunday as the date for a new election. Hall upperclassmen have
decided not to allow the freshmen and transfers in the hall
to vote in that election,
Former president Richard
Weeks was placed on conduct
promotion and equipped oi the
providence after he turned him
self in on an illegal limitation
at the end of last semester, Pat
Kennedy, the hall senator, is at
The American University par»
ticipaiing in the Washington Semester program.
' Page Five
GhiiiPIiS NhTES
By Kathy Shea
“Carnival '67," a gale extravaganza of bright lights, cotton
candy, rides, and prizes comes to the Grinnell campus from 3
p.m. to midnight Saturday. An Iowa concern is bringing four or
five rides, including a terms wheel.
rights Avenue is to be closed for the day and will serve al
a midway for months set up by the men's and women’s calls,
Tickets to the rides and months will cost ten cents each and the
coordination committee has arranged for prizes. Booth building
will take the place oi building the traditional homecoming lloats.
Grand prize drawings on the hair hour start at 9 p.rat. Names
will be drawn from a list oi the entire student body and prize:
are gift certificates at local stores. The person whose name is
called must be present Within 10 minutes in order to win,
“The carnival is for everyone,” emphasized Lee Arbetman.
North Campus Social Chairman, “and hopefully will promote
interracial associations on a non-dating and a dating level." The
semester's largest Student sponsored outdoor event has been in
the planning stage since April and has a great deal stated on
the cooperation of the weather.
a ir a
The xerox quarter presents a concert with faculty artists.
films Zonn, Oboe, and Paul Zonn, Clarinet, on Friday, beth
member a, at 3 p.m. The program consists oi three of Mozart’works: “quarter in F Major, for oboe and strings," “Piano Quah
let No, l in G Minor,” and “Clarinet printer in A Major, K. 58L"
r is n
Two films are being shown in ARI-I this weekend. “at”
flows," which won an award at the manner Film Festival in
1959, is on Friday at 7:30 and 10:45 pm. It is the first film by the
French director, FranCOls Truffant, who has since directed and
co—gathered “rules Sr Jim,“ “Shoot the Piano Player." and
“Fahrenheit 451.”
The film is the story ot a 12 year old boy who finds no life
at home, or at school, and becomes a positive. It is in black and
white and well photographer with sensitive and skillful characterization. ”400 flows” IS now considered a classic among
French honor.
The second film, “Twoway Stretch," starring Peter Sellers
is to be shown Sunday night at man it iS a British nature rs.
solving around a group oi updates in Huntleigh Park who device a scheme for exciting their investigation, sterling a fortune
in levels from a Visiting Mallarajah, then speaking hack into
prison. There are other comedy advertisements, and a kitty did.
login written by Sellers himself, which pole fun at many aspects
or society.
a r. a
Movies at the Strand Theater are “Barefoot in the Park,"
starring Jane honda and Robert bedford, through Tuesday. Sap
member 12th, and “Luv," Starring Jack common, from September
13th to the lﬁlh.
HARRISON'S'
lnslamalic Color film in 97¢
127 or 620 Kodacolor Film an s1"“
Polaroid 108 Color Film “.34”
FAST SERVIGE FILM PROGESSING
Sylvania Flashcubes 31"
Inslamalic Cameras s16“" .035095
Polaroid Camera 3179596995
GRINNELL‘S MOST COMPLETE
RECORD DEPT. AT DISCOUNT PRICES
RCA and Decca whereas
$5195 ” $8995
 
 
Page 53x SCARLET AND BLACK Friday. september 9, [957
NEW STHDENIS ARRIVE:
under otherwise crédutch. AH phone by Harry union
FRESHMEN ﬂap o" due main .nd info a man of acﬁviﬁel.
:9 mg". ‘ THE sun and me much of the Iowa beaches smile relevance.
 
Friday. september 8, WU SCARLET AND BLACK Page Seven
v ' ANOTHER YEAR BEEENS
 
 
 
 
whom by can kitchen
NEW STUDENTS “volunteer in perform for upperclassmen.
MAN MOLD a ma |make of the Ivory fewer year; to come.
“H “W” ‘1“ WM 1‘ _ mm ‘uu w ‘
A mm MR. want“ (phnosophy) man: his isaﬁon.
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
) FACULTY
(Continued from Page 1)
economics; Frederic B. Tromly, English; John cialis,
anthropology; Paul M. Zonu,
music.
assistance—Mary A. Argenti,
music (voice); delta Crawford,
aocmiogy; betty K. Davis, German; Joseph A. Kruusmau,
speech and cheats (drama)?
John E. carter, humanities;
‘Judlth W. Mendelsohn, speech
and theatre (dance); John P.
Miller, Jr., education: Joan
Purswell, music (piano); Patrick W. Pursweli, music
minute): films Z, Zoilll, music.
New members oi the college’s non < teaching start include wesley A. Lundbohm, reference librarian; Stephen C.
‘Aidrich, admissions yourself
and T-Sgt, Russell M. Star,
administrative supervisor of
the Air Force ROTC detail<
mail.
Serving as an actor-in-rest
'device during the first semester
will be Robert E. durham.
PHOTOS
OF PHOTOS
OF PHOTOS . . .
Photographers taking pictures
of photographers who w e re
filling at photographer who
was taking a picture ot a persian virtually discussed a South
Lounge coffee hour Monday afternoon,
While a student photographer
was shipping a picture oi NBC
space writer Peter S jacket,
reverse Hanssen—a town who<
tographer producing a public
relations film for the college—
set up his movie equipment.
i-lanssen decided to shoot a
new feet at illm or students _
taking pictures of jacket—a
typical college scenes
Meanwhile an 3&3 staff photographer was busy taking pictures of Hanssen and his assistance.
“It reminder me of the ad
where you see a girl looking
into a mirror," coffee hour
speaker jacket music after-
,cards, “Behind her was another
mirror in which the ﬁrss mirror was reflected and on and
on. . . Journalism is an endless series or mirrorsr . . "
Moral of the incident, jacket
agreed: Marshall McLuhan was
right. The medium is the men‘
sage.
TRAIN TIMES
directive Sunday, Sept, in,
!he times OT trains at Grlnnell
will be: Eastbound, Nor m at
- 2:30 p.m.; destroyed, No. 1
at 2:47 pass
Number 10 leaves Omaha at
10:30 a.rn., Des points at 1:25
pm. and arrives in Chicago at
8:30 p.m.
Number 7 will leave Chicago
at 8:55 am, training in Des
points at 4:00 pm. and Omaha
at 3:00 pm,
The trains also serve hollywood, soviet, Ottawa, capable,
Bureau, online, Rock Island,
inventory, West Liberty. Iowa
City, parents, Newton, Atlantic, and Council Bluffs
Call the Rock Island Depot
36-3966) for further intel'nations‘
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photo by Dick Trcumann
Movie camera: and higher incorrect South Lonngo discussion will. color Hacker for
a group photo. From left: Neil kitchen [5”, soon Barry Ancona [Serll Army
Armajani lRadio Station); Mr. jacket; Bob Hodiemo llorrnor still Editor. soon
Amie career {15?}: Alan expired lsoxl.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
l>foto by nick ‘ireumann
Former editor Krys cayman and present editor Harry Ancona look on as Peter Hack”
inllrr with Al window, publisher oi the Grinnoll Herald-Reqixior.
 
Complete Meal
FRIDAY NIGHT SPECIALI
— $1.35
Friday. september 8. I961
GHAIR BURNS
OUTSIDE QUAD
A discussed cigarette set fire
to a chair and endangered other items ol furniture stored be
green James and barnes calls
about midnight Monday.
Girls from surrounding calls,
many wearing their licenses,
attempted to put out the small
fire, but were unsuccessful. The
city ilra department responded
to a resident advisor's call and
was able to extinguish the
“blade" in a. matter of minutes,
Furniture from the entire
Quad, recently returned from
summer storage in Des points,
was filed along East Street, in
the alcove between values and
James Most oi the girls had
not yet picked up their items.
in the same alcove were a
number at discussed available packing cartoon
An universities man walking
along the street ﬂasked a live
cigarette into the chair early in
the evening, Several girls
started out the resulting tire,
but it continued to shoulder
until about midnight, when a
heavy cloud of smoke appeared,
Quad residents, including rear
event advisors, bottles the tire
with wastebaskets full at water. Hall ﬁre extinguishers were
ineffectual due to low pressure.
barnes Resident Advisor Ma<
ry Argenti called the city tire
department, which arrived in a
few minutes and quickly exlinguished the ﬁre,
There was no damage in any
items of furniture except the
chair, nor to any builder
cayman’s
Apparel
sessions for You
Welcome
All Students
To Come in and
Browse Around
and See Our New
Fall cities of
Sportswear
theaters
Dresses
Goals
car Goals
LINGERIE 8r
FOUNDATIONS
society
nurses
gloves
SHOPP HAMMAN’S
FIRST FOR
NAME BRANDS.
QUALITY AND VALUE
 
Friday. september 0, I967
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
NEWS BRIEFS
Grinnell’s chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national prﬂemotional iraternity [or women In
journalism and communications. received an award of
excellence at the annual national conference held recently
in Detroit, rich
Representing the chapter at
the national conference was
cleaner halo, chapter press»
sent.
The award recognized the
chapter’s maintenance ut “a
program or professional value
despite its small membership,"
Its joint programming with the
college’s chapter of Sigma Dele
ta Chi, national journalism iraq
trinity for men, and its in»
agreement oi chambers-at-large
or the two organizations who
live in Grinnell.
u:-
Guillermo vendors, Stone
professor nt biology and Roberts
honor professor for 1967-58 at
Grinnell College, has been appointed by the College Entrance
Examination Board to its Examining Committee for the
Biology Achievement Test.
Dr. vendors is one of six
scientists and educators named
ID the committee for the 1967as academic. year. The committee. which will meet as a
group one or two weekends during the year, will assist with
the development and evaluation of the Biology Achievement
Test.
iiiliiiillilllilli‘llrli‘l lililup
 
Like A Wisp
of Voodoo!
Cologne $5.00
After share $3.00
PRESTON'S
MARTY CHURCH
‘ii’ElQ’UNs'
.. -iloimaﬂig
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GIINNELL. IOWA
her-rs: iron. the Pen om“
 
7710M Jam/12100111,
927 Main Street
WILBUR NOEL. Prep. 135-3372
 
BEN FRANKLIN 5 & 10
908 MAIN
Stationery School Supplies
Catering To All accident Needs
Page Nlno
Swingline'
Test yourself.“
What do you tee in the ink him]
[I] A minor}
A both?
A both-water
copyrights.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[z] panties in high voltage?
scholars in a head-on
coalition?
TOT trailers?
(for Stapleni? What
This is a_
Swmglme
not stable:
(includeﬂg 1000 singles)
Lmtr sue due Desk
Slnpler only $159
Unmndixian-lib printed)
At my summary, cum er book show.)
S ’ ' ®mo.
LONG lSLAND om, MY. lliDi
iluuruinpi ow; bi proud
m :serious .i.cu. ‘A‘tvsxanp' rm: not
ammo: 51:10035'sauwuo url:nuts m ”were mu‘ ; .urban nu;
ow ‘log :lqﬁghana drama-mail v W.
«‘7th arm :Luuu: v 'a/lruaxﬂae annex
:qugrpo: u ea: :10" u ~I .sxgmsuv
Patronize Our Advertisers
THEAYER
Now Showing
for Five Days
ENDS TUESDAY
ratings Saturday at 2:00
Continuous Shows
Sunday Starting at 2:00
bedford - honda
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Friday, Cephmb'w 9. I967
 
ﬁLW
Let's health!
hmhﬂmh cross
classic
unauthmwand'
my ways from
> I cord shirtwaist to
POYNTER'S
4th Ave. sessions
ﬁrlnnoll't Oomph“
aka Shop
For Women
SOMETHING NEW
EVERY DAY
 
FISCHER AWARD ‘ - ,
a” 5mm NORTH FOOD MARKET M 0y e r Shoe Serwco
eds, received I 5250 trim {mm
the Newspaper Fund a: nation- 91! BROAD STREET
g] outstanding summer enters.
. inches worked as a reporter I16 4TH AVENUE
. 1m the Dam: (Colorado) "Where Your Food Needs
out during In: summer, The
. ewspaper Fund, sponsored by
he Wall sn-eez Journal. 15 a Are Always satisfied”
on—pmﬁt gmup encouraging
ournalisn’c sun-runs.
WELCOME FRESHMEN 8 OLD TIMERS
.'l‘O GRINNELL COLLEGE 6': ZIMM'S
COAST TO COAST
Have A Good Year — visit Us Of’men!
YOUR GIFT HEADQUARTERS
WHERE SAVINGS ARE GREAT & QUALITY EVEN GREATER
HAROLD MOYER. OWNEl
 
 
Friday. September 3, m1
BEEH’S LIST,
SPRERS 135?:
Gordon Abel Meredith Ann sales Douglas C. Pearson
Lynn C. Adams Bruce W. Hamilton Donald R. Peterson
Elizabeth Alexander Janet R. Hamilton ricky A. Peterson
Craig W. plain Anne E. market Janet R. Poland
James A. Arieti Linda Hauserman Diane G. tolerance
venice M. Bahl Robert K. Heiobreder Dean Porqui
Karen S. cambridge Richard H. l-leilbron Elizabeth R. Power
Henry Balikov George A. germany Susan B. transit
Lorraine S. called Anne L. german David S. paperback
aaron C. danger! John K. picks, Jr. Jack L. Reynolds
Peggy F. variety Lynne l-lirleman francis M. Roller
Susan Lee farmer John C. concert Andrew H. Rothstein
Marie R. Bergqulst Raymond W. com Harry V. Ruth Ill
Glen M. never John K. movie Mary E. Ruvelson
Roy 0. river David P. l-luggage blend M. japan:
James W. Bloom Suzanne E. Hughes Edward F. Schmeichel
Margaret C. Eluhm Deborah S. Huntsingercharles E. cornell
Laura bradford J. Paul Jacobson Lynne E. Schnietz
Paul Bradley Kathryn E. wagon Mary R. school
Mary E. brands: nudity Ann Johnson David D. Schreck
Marilyn E. Brookens Teresa K. Johnston John F. Schwoller
Helen L. Brown Kathleen Ann seller J. Michael Schwartz
Dan R. Bucks Stephen K. Kent Anne Scruton
Dan E. Burns Robert S. Kinsey III Arthur B. nearly
Linda J. lunch Helen L. Klein Richard A. Segool
David human Mary Lou Koch Margaret Anne Sharp
Stephen C. Casey Walter J. Kopsa, Jr. Stephen R. thunder
Kathryn Lynn rates Beverly Ann coastal Jim thu
Thomas tech Andrew L. possess Allen M. Smith
Ronald Cogswell Jane Kreissrnan Victoria L. Smith
David R. Cole alberta A. proc garcia E. Snip
party M. horizon Stephanie L. integer Eleonore A. Spiegel
William F. created Kathleen A. center Anne Sprague
Elinor D. Dennis Stephanie P. Lewis Nancy Ann robinson
William R. entering Nancy F. finder laura E. stephen
David R. wilson Nancy Ann does Ruthena J. Sternberg
vanilla I. todd John P. potential Donald V. stamp
Michael P. Domjan Charles R. Main R, her C. Swartz
alberta Dressler Mary calcium ﬁeert B. Swortwood
Dale M. Dreyluss Donald N. cal‘guards Julia A. Szabo
Sara key Dreyluss Carol L. partition Craig Tellinghuisen
Frank B. Dubach Roger J. May Paul W. Thurston
desired L. Dunn Carol Ann McConochie Paul R. Tlce
Charlene J. Ellis John W. McDonald, Jr.Mary E. journey
dinner madison Michael J. McMahon Douglas M. collected
John R. every Alexis Jon Megibow Susan E. corner
Deborah A. Eppsteln Guillermo R. vendors Thomas J. Triplett
Greg L. ericsson Marilyn Kaye Miller Mary Lou patrick
Alice M. Evans garcia T. Mindell carolina Van Dyka
service M. owner Susan J one Moestue Peter Vermont
Richard C. canon James R. Moore ' Richard Wall
Deborah B. Feir Nancy Lee Moritz alliance Word
Jane E. glad Margaret L. Morrison picks Lyn Warren
William Fligeltaub Richard A. Moskwa Margaret S. teachers
Donald Forsyth Nancy style Catherine L. never
members L. write J. Mike collins Robert J. Wells
Cliiiord A. Frohllch Phyllis J. Murray Stanley J. Wezelman
James A. try Paul M. mailman Beth Whitmore
range L. seller Linda M. real John R. files
done L. jeffrey Susan M. Nelson Donald W. disney
Robert H. Gibbs Janet M. michel Carl L. Woosley, Jr.
David E. Gordon 'study Ann jason Nancy Kaye Young
Mary A. movies Jane R. Parish John I. taiwan
J. B. Grinnell David R. Parks karen P. Zimmerman
CDIIGRATIILIITIONS!
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Eleven
 
 
MOTHER KAMP'S
HOME RECIPES
trim to be taken nationally)
in this modern era or perception at the military arts, we
find recipes followed from
Exotic lands to please every
palace. Yes sir, it is possible
to satisfy the stomach or even
the most particular water, so it
should not surprise anyone that
there posts equally delegation
food for the head.
TRIP COOKIES
INGREDIENTS:
3 lb. parents
3 top. nutten
3 tbsp. similar tough setup
4 5.gr. tablets Acerytspnaec oclc
1/. pink gooseberries
l oz. suntlcwer seeds
approx. l tech section or common
rope (help)
2 cups occur
1 ass
1 cup sugar
i rss. lemon extract
lb potter
oz. semi-sweet chocolate
Cream butter and sugar, odd
ﬂour and egg, beat until smooth.
Pour in lemon extract, similar,
nutten, acetylspiraec acid, and
ground sunilower seeds. Beat
rapidly until mixture is relatively indigenous. Take the
section oi rope and feel on
strange as short and thin as
possible with a sharp knife.
Longer strange may cause the
cookies to become harshtasting
and indicating to the throat.
Pour these strange into the
tough, distribution events. Add
gooseberries and banana mix.
sure and Stir in.
(BANANA MIXTURE FOR
COOKIES:
Scrape off the inside "strings”
part oi the banana feels with a
knife. Throw away bahamas or
use on corn places. Add about
In. cup ol water and soil the feel
stockings until you have a thick
brown cash. Add to the cookie
tough.)
Spread your tough about 1/2
Inch thick over a created cookie
sheet (as many sheets as needed) and make in in presented
oven at 450 degrees for 20
minutes. Remove and pour tested chocolate over top. Let
cookies cool and then slide into
1 inch studies and do your
thing.
SPECIAL NOTES ON
INGREDIENTS
Nutmeg — Has been used as
a rather powerful relevant herb
for years. Taken out of n can.
it master putrid.
latinas and Gooseberries —Both contain minor elements
or psilocyhin, a well known
chemical hallucogenic.
Acetylspiraec Acid —- A commonly used pain remedy and
sensors seller, may be purchased without prescription at
any pharmacy at 25 cents per
500 USP units. Taken in the
quantity mentioned, it is a
wireless relevant.
similar tough Syrup — Con-
(milf that certain something
which everybody seems to like.
Do not exceed the amount stated
in this recipe as it Will simply
cause integration.
Sunflower Seeds — Are often
viewed wltll remote buttons by
Southwestern American Indians
[of its select as a hallucinogenic.
Rope — is nothing more than
help, from which common
marijuana is derived.
other ingredients — Tone
down the ﬂavon.
. . . And it’s all happens legal.
E SON'S
DISCGIINT CENTER
This Is Where You Buy
The Best for Less
STORE HOURS: MONDAY Tlml SAT. 9:00-3:00
FRIDAY 7:00 To 9:00
Health & Beauty Aids
MENNEN’S SPEED “inst?!
STICK DEODORANT 69¢
51.19 Size .,
V-OS diffs”
HAIR DRESSING 63:
$1.07 Size .,
COLGATE gift?
TOOTHPASTE 43:
King Size
74: Size
BUFFERIN 60's 57:
VS: She.
5 SUBJECT
NOTE BOOKS 57:
100 Sheets
Reg. Price 98¢
300 Count Wide or GIBSON
Nmow Lino PRICE
FILLER PAPER 41:
Reg. Price We
PANTY HOSE
Our Every Day Low Price
SEAMLESS $134
LADIES' GIBSON
STRETGR EASE m“
rotary g?
Reg. 99c
We welcome each and everyone
of you to visit our store, and wish
you the best of luck throughout
your stay in GrinneII.
Everything Al Discount Prices
 
tags Twelve
EmmilllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllilllllllllUllllllllllilllllllilllllillllilillllillllllilllHitllllltlllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliill I"
Esit 3 SPORTS
lllllilllltllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilltllllllillllllllllllllillltlllllllllillllllllllllllllltlllllllllilllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllillllﬁ
drill! MATTER
By Bill Gray
There is nothing quite so catholic as an I, Mr writer catering
over an article when no I. M. events have occurred. But although
tennis and football are still a week away, Mac friend and the environs have seen more shall their share or feet processing the interracial of the down and out. After viewing some practices, i can
well that some of my predictions may prove to be rather assure
by the time the season closes.
It is related that watson has a freshman who is faster than
the average Grinnellian, and with the advert of ﬂag rather than
touch football, the running game becomes more important. watson. if it can find a quarterback, should prove to be a power to
be received with,
Smith and Clark played a cookie game which Smith won
rather hanging. This is believed to have promoted the late evening
mining program which black institutes last Monday night.
South, North and Langan have been processing but they seem
to be using cement blocks for hands and. as a result, presented
opinion has them filling the bottom of the league. Gates, which
was so good last year, looks to have fallen on hard times and
could have trouble winning even half of its games,
With Rick hair (as in Bear) wearing in at a svelte 225 and
the likes of Roger Able carrying added boundary, liable should
Outweigh the opposition by about 30 pounds per man as they attempt to go through their sixth straight year without occurring
more than one loss.
Cowles, West. and East are somewhat unknown quantities but
appear to be neither very good nor very bad. in any event, it's
D-Day minus one week.
TliE KIBBITZER
By John Ra:
Psyche bids can be a powerful weapon in your bidding illegal when you are careful to control partner’s range and ease of
response. in the following hand. South elected to open with one
diamond. a psychological asking bid, looking for diamond support
from partner in an anticipated nartrump contract. South was not
afraid of any of the possible responses: to two diamonds he was
prepared to bid two no-trust. e signals; to either two clubs or
three diamonds he was prepared to bid three note‘amp. Four or
five diamonds, the two dangerous bids that North could have
made. were stated because the partnership had agreed not to
jump an opening bid to the tour or time level, Furthermore, South
Was not afraid of having the hand passed out since one diamond is
an easy bid to respond to or overcome. North made the correct response of one space. attending to make a delayed single raise in
diamonds signiiying 10-12 points and diamond support ~ too much
for a two diamond bid and too little for a three diamond game going bid. 0n the second round of bidding. South again intentionally
misrepresented his hand by bidding two clubs. At this point South
returned that if partner had a live card space suit he would rapid it and game would be played in {our spaces. li North didn’t,
however. South intended to discounted a dangerous club opening
lead against a no»trust game, After North’s delayed raise in did<
bonds. South bid three no-trust which he had designed all along,
confident of a favorites lead. He counted 28 points. with possible
Suit fits in spaces or diamonds. West hardly dedicated before
Opening the heart three. From the bidding West counted at least
eight cards in the minor suits in South's hand. Giving South two
spaces. this would leave him a three card heart stopped. issue<
ing that South held the A Q 10 x in Clubs and that South counted
upon turning two Club tricks, West; dated not give South a “tree
finance" on an opening club lead. West chose what he thought
was the favorites “uncle major” and thus the reception was
complete. ‘ ‘
 
WELCOME STUDENTS
We specialist ln All Styles
LARRY'S ARBER SHOP
LARRY — GARY
932 MAIN
Amos; from Bob Reimsr Clothing
* moms POWER!
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, September B. I961
BOWERS’ BOYS GET READY FOR GRID ACTION
By JACK GOCHENOUER
Thirty-five men have come
out for football including all
but one available batteries.
Coach add powers said there
is a good team attitude as the
squad will attempt to source
back from last year’s poor sea
son.
injuries, hard luck and a
poor aerial attack and defense
were the reasons for the 2-6
record. This year the printers
are working on better passing
to supplement the strong running attack, Coach powers has
a heavy fairfield with 205
pound feedback Dick Lamb packing the most punch. Lamb was
the leading ground gained in
1965 but was undefined most of
last fall with an injury
A blow to the team is the
loss of senior hack Jon russell
who is involved in an out-campus study project. Last year
he was the leading ground gained for the Pioneers with 383
yards Back again this year is
Rich Weeks who was second in
pushing with 355 yards and led
the passing statistics with 252
yards.
The newcomer most likely to
gain a ﬁrss string spot; is Steve
Carroll, a transfer last year
who'll be at center or tackle.
Other customers likely to see
considerable action are ends
harry work and Bill Wedding
and banks great Dubach, Doug
link. and John anderson. Dubach is a transfer'and the rest
are sophomores.
The first home game is against St. Olaf Sept. 23. St. Olaf
is one of the toughest teams
in the conference but power’s
Boys promise to make it an
interesting game. Coach powers
hopes for a good student turning for the game and feels that
this is a means of which the
student body can be proud,
Norm scsi
pas:
2o pan
pass pass
Opening lead: Heart three
ORCHESIS
open dance class
Sunday. Sept. 10
3:00 pm.
Roberts Theatre
everyone cited
additions
Monday. Sept. 11
7:00 pm.
Dance Studio
Room 2.
Fine Arts Building
 
 
Photo by Alan oernhardt
Fullback Dick Lamb gives Quarterback Kent Thomson
room in pass in a premises scrimmage.
 
 
Photo by Alan bernnnrdt
Coach women pushed the team at an afternoon prev-
joe.
ADDRESS HEREl
VIEW L06
(lib S‘UHC‘J
 
