GEORGIA LEGISLATOR JULIAN BOND. one or the speakers rat the
upcoming spring communication protest against the war in Vietnam.
speaks out also against compulsory military service at an American
Friends Service Committee conference in Des points last Saturday. For
Bond's comments on war projects, on the draft and on a new metro
political organization tee page a.
Photo by Kryx reunion
Vietnam projects across country:
Grinnellians march in Des M men
“What will characterize the April 15
‘Spring civilization’ as unique among
antique concentrations will be the participation oi people with a wide variety
of Views about war and the activities
of the preliminary ‘Vietliam Week',”
This is how the upcoming protest is
explained by Miss watts Miller, a campus organizer for the midwestern (c i—
cngo) office of the Student civilization Committee to End the Vietnam
War.
Miss Miller was in Des points last
Saturday to attend a conference on
military construction at the American
Friends Service Committee headquarters and to interest area students in
the spring anti-war movement.
Tile mass matches and replies on
Saturday, April 15, will take place at
the United Nations in New York and
at the birthplace of the UN in San
Francisco. organizing of the lemon-
solutions say they are matching to on
sites “to afford our respect.for the
principle of equal rights and selfrdetenmination oi peoples, explained by banking and embedded in the UN chapters
but isolated by the United States'
(because of the Vietnam war. Miss
Miller more particularly encouraged
mldwestern students to organize busloads of students to travel to one or
the sites.
The week preceding the clay of mass
concentrations, “Vietnam Week," April
8 to 15, will be marked by discussions
like the one on construction, by reactions (the organization offices proVide a
speaker’s bureau) and concentrations.
Students at Grinnell are organizing a
"speak-out" for Friday afternoon april
14th. At least two bus loads of students
Will report from Grinnell Saturday noon
See VIETNAM on page 8
 
The Grinnell
REPORTER
 
Vol LXXIV—Grinncll College—Grinnoii, Iowa. Friday. April 7. l9b7—No. 14
 
Controversy compounds confused issues
concerning change in theatre directorship
News Analysis
By John files
"The recent designation of Richard D.
Meyer, director of theatre, is representative both of a complete shake-up and
chancellor of personnel in the Grlnltell
College theatre and of an depending
shirt oi emphasis in the theatre program
here, There is little question that these
permalink generations within the theatre
r;
Photo by Susan xaeser
Richard Meyer
department bear direct relation to and
will have a significant effect upon the
entire college community.
Recognition of tlie evidence, as well
as the incidence. of those effects has
accused considerable studentrfaculty in<
wrist in the facts and issues involved in
these theatre developments. A decided
lack of clarity and consistency in the
communication of said facts and issues.
however, has resulted in markedly Corr
Med expressions of the entire situation.
controversial have driven from the
contradictory natural of the following
reported facts: 1.) that Meyer did himself, or his own position, design, yet expressed, as well as firm conviction, an
admittedly unhappy resistance to do so;
2.) that administrative officials responded with frank degree to their acceptance
oi Meyer’s designation, yet had admittedly neither invited nor expressed colours
aged him to continue as director of
theatre; 3.) that Meyer's withdrawal of
his application for director — and also
his eventual designation —- appear to
have been inseparably related to his occupation of an unavailable forward position as principal interpreted of all other candidates — and, therefore. of his
own competitors —« for the directorship
appointment.
It has since proven relatively impossible for The Reporter to ascertain complete expectations for, or to acquire satisfactory qualifications of these ques-
See MEYER INTERVIEW on Page 3
New like-safely features
include logged panic bars
TreasurervBusiness
w. robbie has announced plans to i|l<
small a number of new fire-safety few-
Manager Donald
turns in residence calls. Panic bars
Will be installed on several of the outer
doors of the Quad logged as directed
by the iowa iirc safety code. A door
between Gates and watson Towers will
be out immediately, as there is now
only one exit from each tower. Other
features will he installed during the
summer.
Deputy State Fire partial George E.
Soderquist recently made his inspection
of the college buildings, ending with
praise for their general condition. Sederquist felt that chances of a fire tragedy
in the residence calls were remote, bu!
See FIRE on Page I
E oven faculty members to let e
Eleven Grinnell faculty members will
be knitting their posts at the end oi
this year. They are Thomas H. Charlton (anthropology), canyon Knopf (economics), Oliver Luther (Spanish), Richard
Meyer (theatre), Mario E. quiz (Sloane
15h), Thomas louisville (speech and
theatre), David A. Sutherland (music),
Miss smith A sheffield (are), Bruce R.
Thomas (physics), and Marion G. Vanfossen (sociology). red D o n a h o a
(speech and dream), now on leave of
absence, effectively will not return to
Grinnell.
Bruce Thomas
Bruce Thomas, Assistant Professor of
Physics since September, 1965, is leaving Grinnell after this semester to take
I teaching post at Carleton.
Thomas, whose primary interest is
elementary particles, hash't been able
to do research here due to lack of
time and Grinnell's isolation. A! large<
too, he explained, his lighter classical
(one class per polyester) and the interests represented in Carleton's physics
department will allow him more opportunity for independent work.
Thomas expressed no great diseases
fiction with Grinncll as compared to
Carleton. “The basic commitments of
the two schools are very similar and
they're facing the same problems -—problems of student culture, curriculum,
and educational philosophy," he ex.
planned.
Regarding the special problems con—
printing undergraduate science currently
and students, Thomas said, "The status
of a science major at a liberal arts
school is under review because the
amount of major-ﬁend instruction needed
to compete with the universities fill!
the students' time.” He attributes the
necessity for a heavy course load to
the rapid rate of scientific development.
rating solid-state physics as an example,
he noted that fifteen years ago it was!
a relatively minor ﬁend; now, a large
percentage of physics research make]
is changelog into solid-state work,
A 1980 Grinnell graduate, Thomul
earned his corporate at powell universal .
y David A. Sutherland
David A, Sutherland (music) hﬂl
designed, due to a change in the lines
tion of his career which will result
post-graduate work. Presently is muslcolngist, he plans to enter the field ol
ethnomusicology.
When asked to comment on student
life, Sutherland stated that although he
has experienced some student irresponsibility and realized that all institution
must act in a considering manner toward the society oi which it is a part,
he nevertheless takes what he understands to be the liberal position on in:
question of open forms and other issue:
vital to the student body.
Says Sutherland, “The more responsibility is helped on the student, the
more responsible he will be."
Thomas Charlton
Thomas H. Charlton (sociology and
anthropology) has designed his assistant
professionals at Grinnell to take q
similar position at the University of
low.
Charlton, who will finish the semester
at Grinnell, cited greater opportunity
See FACULTY on Page 2
 
I'I DON'T M I N D
learned or cordless
or unit-iced Students."
Governor H a r o l d
Hughes spoke here
yesterday as part of
the fourth there Legislature Seminar. See
story on page a.
Photo by Harold Eusou
 
its. Two
Editorials . . .
Something missing
In curriculum planning . . .
Intense curriculum evaluation sessions took place over vacation
in committee meetings of the presidentially-selected Faculty committee on Educational Policy and Curriculum. In a February re-
rt to the faculty, this committee promised a "sensitive and peraps legislative paper” to be used other vacation for “formal dec
basement, division and individual faculty comment," Thus, the
giverandrtake of faculty over the issue of curriculum change ls at a
peak presently. Whom is this evaluation designed to benefit? is its
aim ll) make the faculty better satisfied with their teaching duties?
That would certainly be fine, but is that the primary aim? Will
new programs created by the study mostly serve President suggest
as a sales tool in fundraising? Or is the goal an educationally pr0<
archive curriculum for the students who actually take the courses?
The curriculum committee has, of course, realized some available methods in attempting to clean student opinion. They requested suggestions (receiving sally little response) and they distributed extensive questionnaires to students and recent clubs. The
questionnaires did elicit what some members of the committee
consider to be a good response for a form of such length. (370 replied out of a student body suffering approximately 1,150. This
does not include clubs.) Committee members The Reporter talked
to expressed the desire to also consult personally with students in
dividually or in groups. While the committee has formal channels
for the gathering of individual faculty and departmental opinion,
no such formal structure exists for similar communication and
feedback with students.
This situation has its origin in President suggest’s discussed
concept of his appointed committee, He believes curriculum matters to be solely a faculty concern. When the committee was
formed, ideas about student representation on it or a parallel student committee were thrown out. A strong senate curriculum committee might have stopped in and detailed recognition but the
student committee was packing — in direction and in firm, con
windows leadership. The student body as a whole has little of which
to be proud in the way it has allowed the study of curriculum
changes to slip through its fingers.
That stage of the study is history now. Yet them il still n
place for student participation before open questions become set
recommendations — especially since the faculty committee seems
reception. There are several possibilities: Students could be
included in curriculum meetings called by the faculty of their
major field. Perhaps faculty members would wish to choose a now
seniors in their department to attend these meetings regularly or
perhaps the meetings should be open. The SGA should incorrect
the concept of a parallel student committee to the faculty’s. The
faculty committee should put a rain on further illustrations until
they have made sure that a structure for Consultation with students
has been put in ettcct. Although student participation should be the
concern of everyone at Grinnell, the responsibility for its image
migration will, in this case, probably rest with SGA ~ thus with
pic MacDoWell and his newly appointed speaker of the senate,
Phil Bertenthal.
x
by the administration on the
position because he is a special
student.
The other members of the
committee are Jim Sebern, Fur—
url Chairman; Ann Kirschner,
Assistant Forum Chairman; and
Sue Piansky, Movies Chairman, The position of Informal
Activities Chairman was elimihated and the Gadabouts Chairman will be chosen next fall.
New social coordinator
Dale Dreyiuss has been selected as Social Coordinator for
the coming school year. John
penny was declared incredible
The Board of Publications
voted Wednesday, April 5, to
accept the Grinnell Reporter
as the new name for the college newspaper.
The Grinnell Reporter
{formerly the charles & Black)
Grinnell College
print-ii, law!
A weekly newspaper published rich Friday or
the college year by the Grinnell cum-nurse on student Publications. Represented for national advertising by National advertising service, Inc., College
Publisher: representing, is East 50th arrest, New
York 22. N.v. second class noxiaKe onto or Grinnell.
town. Subscription rate 35110 per rcnnoi year. isoo
Dﬂld subscriptions.
OPS
Member of in.
colioglst.
rm. bank.
carlos
BUSINESS micro
EDITORIAL srnrr
___ Itryrtynn german
. turns gui
Harold jason, Phyllis Muir-y.
jul Nuhlnln, richard Schnelmv
sorry Ancona
no soctnmnn
Susan Kaeser
"cars sharon _.
con error .,
cum: PHUI'OGRAPHEII _
SCIENCE CONSULTANT . .inhn war
amnrlmr STAFF ,. level berkcy, .llc bus, Andy links,
sue calvin, Sue Gclbcr, Dan bucks. allah norton.
have nelson. sin 0 . busty Shel
naniCAl. Iuomvlson __
Henry Wilhelm
who Grinnell REPORTER
Friday. April 7, my
New: appraisal
The future of the theatre department
by melissa Ward
Ed. Note: The recent theater department
shake-up has resulted in a debate over the
series of an academic as opposed to production oriented education in the theater. Enters
ing this controversy is Mrr Porter Woods, who
comes horn Mtddlebury College, where he is
an Assistant Professor of English and As‘
plate Director of the Wright Memorial
Theatrer woods received his n.3, from Brown
University in English Literature, his M.
from the University or Oregon in English L treasure, and his D.F.A. from the Yale School
of Drama in Playwrlting and Theatre History.
He has written several plays and is presently
working on a study of the metro playwright
in America.
President Glenn suggest said in an interview
with The Reporter that he hopes Woods will
strengthen the academic pan of the Theatre Department. suggest stated that Woods will probably teach courses which have not been regular
iy offered before by the department — American
Theatre, Theatre History, and Modern Dramatic
Theory. suggest anticipated that Woods will
teach two courses a semester and that the department will be able to manage three major
productions per year.
Several theatre motors were introduced to
Woods during his recent visit to Grinnell, and
have expressed enthusiasm about the addition of
an instructor primarily Concerned with the academic aspect of theatre. In discussions with suggest and Executive Committee Chairman Joseph
Wall (history) these some students have strongly
arrested and argued that. the extracurricular and
practical aspects of the theatre should not be
sacrificed for the sake of the academic portion.
The students maintained that practical work in
the theatre is necessary for a good campus
theatre climate, since it provides experience an
students interested in the theatre as an extracurricular activity and preproiessionai training for theatre motors.
suggest said at. that time that ho “had no intention of tracking oil on the production end of
theatre,” yet he offered no ideas as to who would
teach introductory courses and courses in acting
and direction.
It is the feeling or many theatre and nontheatre motors alike that students are primarily
concerned with practical courses which provide
active equipment and professional training. It in
s common feeling that practical theatre generates excitement in the theatre department and
that it attempts new students to the Stage. It lb
also felt that courses such as American Theatre
and Major British Drama could be handled in
the American Studies and English programs, as
they have been in the past.
suggest has expressed the view that a basic
background in dramatic literature and theatre
history is necessary for maintaining excellence
in campus productions. At the same time he has
expressed his enthusiastic opinion that theatre
productions during the 196667 season have been
of excellent quality. even though he has made it
apparent by his actions that he considers the
academics in the theatre department to be interior.
suggest’s long range plans for the department
may be available but they nevertheless would
seem to present an immediate problem for both
theatre motors and Grinnell theatre addresses
who are accustomed to an extracurricular and
production-oriented approach to theatre.
It would seem that this problem might have
been decided or at least designed had those responsible for hiring and organizing the reports
ment been more aware of the diversity of needs
of theatre in a small liberal arts college such as
Grinnell. Students must be concerned with the
immediate, but they are capable of understand
ing long range goals. Regardless oi funds’ capabilities and promise, the 196153 theatre season
will be a difficult one for the department, due to
this shift of emphasis and to the particular
vacuum left by present Director Richard Meyer’s
departure. It is felt by many students that in pursuant a total moreover of theatre personnel Legs
gets after without adequate insight or copyright
and without sufficiently broad evaluation oi
the theatre department and its role in Grinnell
Cohege..
\ Nous: search for form and variety
By Nancy McCannon
Space does not allow me time for a formal
detailed criticism on Nous; this is rather on
evaluation. The harvest thing in evaluating a std-
sent publication is defining on your criterion. it
is simply affair to compare beginning works with
classics. A good student work is seldom a
classic. The fastest method of evaluating is paralleled by destinations in children's drawings. There
are children whose sterilized and staff Cartoon
drawings allow only reputation and children whose
covering lines search for form and variety. In
other words the basic criterion for lodging student art it blast‘ ty. is there enough freedom
and imagination to allow for growth?
One thing promising about Nous is that it suggests that tile cylinder influenced finally realistic
personal autobiographical, “I was lonely on the
railroad track” school of student poetry is dying
out. This allows one to read Nous Witbnllt the
painting nutrition that the same fighters year
old wrote the whole thing. More seriously the death
of this highly artsﬁdial convention has opened
Nous to old variety and less stock devices and
views.
A new posts fell by the way (but not as many
as could have been predicted) on a more basic
issue, the confusion oi philosophy with poetry.
If you have a political, philosophical comment,
write an essay. Poetry simply dress't have the
length to be a solid argument and it has other
first principles. The difference between philosophy
and poetry is comparable to the difference be
green a minister and a lover. The former has the
obligation to be right, the latter to be good. Or
as Gertrude klein says, “Poetry is the loving and
leaving at found." From this perspective, carolessness and humidity with words is adapters.
In Nous as a whole then is both great an-
evenness of quality (probably unavailable) and
variety of form (very interesting). in form it
varies from poetry in all shapes, to woodcuts,
prints, and photos, to similarly essays.
On the student essays Gregory Robinson’s ap»
years to be the most alternatively similarly. lbs
idea is well worth considering. Howard Davidson’s
essay, while not actually applying to Paradise
Lost, has a wild and field logic that is funny and
appearing, I refer Don Gregory to raymond cells
(Historical Studies Notes 1965), “The problem of
Western Society in the last two hundred years il
creating a balance between the will of the minority and of the majority, between freedom and
equality.” In other words. neither equality nor
utility are to be taken as absolutes. Because you
can think of one example in which utility must
be Considered does not mean that there are not
countries examples in which equality is the prime
consideration. One is informed by the other. Per‘
maps Western society must be willing to sacrifice
one man under certain conditions, but how about
all of Red China or the whole Jewish population?
Utility is too simple, also. There are utilities and
utilities. Art is a lie but abstract models have
their own reception. Well written but I think you
divided by zero.
of the poetry, blend parent produced the most
finished piece. Nancy does‘ poems contain surprised, Paul Jones’ and John Herr‘s are steven
but promising.
The art is well selected. center Tobias' cover,
and the woodcuts by John Thornton and Lynn
Adams are all interesting. Jon Megibow's and
Carol Morgan’s prints are sophisticated and sen—
active. Henry Wilhelm’s photographs show amazing growth. They show sensitivity to texture. light.
chiaroscuro. They vary 1mm surrealistic, romantic landscape in his tiny on do executive,
almost Kleelike lows landscapes I personally
would buy Nous just fit the photographs.
 
Friday, April 1. low
The Grinnell REPORTER
 
“it's amazing how you come to value integrity by living in the apparent absence of it'
} Meyer Interview
(Continued from Page 1)
tions. The following interview with
Meyer was conducted in an effort to
supplement the facts presented in the
news article concerning the theatre development which is also being printed
(on page 3) in this edition,
REPORTER: what promoted your
designation?
MYER: I don't see that I should go into
the long history of problems that have
surrounded the Grinneii theatre operation for a long time. The people who
know about them already do — or if
they don't, it's because they choose not
to. The precipitation event, which i
think is public information, was the decision to hire another director rather
than a technical director,
Resonant Why did you decide to design from the faculty and the department completely, rather than remain
on as technical director yourself?
MEYER: I don't think my refused to return to a position 1 held ten years ago
is either stubborn or surprising. There
are few faculty members who would be
willing to do that, in any situation,
I know I could have taken advantage
of the well—earned centre and wanted for
the right thing to come along, but can<
tion began to cost too much. My pa—
trance, willingness to compromise, and
disposition had been spent. Any presentation of the situation would have been
drawing on the capital of selfarespect,
It would have been at the sacrifice of
integrity. It's amazing how you come to
value integrity by living in the apparent
absence of it.
REPORTER: HOW do you feel you could
best fulhll your career as an educated
in theatre?
MEYER! It all books down to this: I am
an educational theatre director. I want
In deal with students and I want to direct plays, usually in a larger operation
that allows a little less of each so that
the quality of both won't suffer from
the simple arithmetic of time. I don’t
want to play politics, and 1 don’t want
to waste time playing personal press
agent in order to please the limited but
vocal group who do.
REPORTER: Where are you going?
MEYER: Away. Sometimes that’s B specific direction.
REPORTER: What are your personal
reactions to leaving Grinnell?
MEYER: or course it’s not easy to
leave. I worlds’t have been at Grinnell
for ten years if I hadn't carey for the
place, and no man uproots a family of
six lighter a or at least I don’t. I hate
to leave the college and, must of all, I
hate to leave these students, Contrary
to some of the uninformed opinion about
the neverrwell-defined “theatre problem," our theatre is one of the best
bargains the school has ever bought.
With a plant about the size of a demonstrate junior college, we've put on
productions that surplus many universities. We have a national reputation at
which most or Grinneli is quite un<
aware. Our present group of actors is
English theology professor
will present Gates Lectures
The Gates Lectures th l a
spring will be given by Dr.
Nlnian Smart, H. G. Wood Pmfessor of Theology at the University oi Birmingham, England. Dr. Smart is the author or
Reasons and Faiths and A Dialogue of Religions. He is also
editor of “Historical Selections
in the Philosophy of Religion."
Dr. Smart will lecture on the
theme, “The Social Creativity
Theory of Free Will,” a dishes<
clan of the relationship between
free will and unpredictability in
the arts and sciences.
The lectures will be as follows:
Sunday. April 9. 5:00 p.m.,
NOUS Editor
Applications for the editor and
business manager of NOUS are
now being accepted by the Com
little on Publications for the
year 1961-1968. All interested ap-
atlanta please contact Paul
ones (275) for further information,
Patronizs Our Mveitiseu
GRiNNELL
service Chapel, “The Social
Dimension oi individual
Choice.”
Monday, April lo, too p.m.,
service Chapel, “Artistic and
Scientific Discovery." ,
Tuesday, April 11, 11:00
a.ni., service Chapel, “The
steering
the Future."
There will be a coffee hour
for all interested students in the
South Lounge of the Forum on
Monday, April lo, at 4:00 pm.
Iinpenetrabillty or
Headquarters For:
W
ILOUSES - SKIRTS
SWEAIERS - DRESSES
9
N EWTON
both talented and sincerely dedicated—
they are the nuclear of the genius reporters group that would be the envy oi
many a professional theatre. There is a
support among them, a mortality of
spirit, a blend or strong artistic temp<
elements that is quite remarkable.
REPORTER: What do you expect to do
after leaving Griiineli?
MEYER: This summer I'll direct two
or the three shows at the reporters
theatre at Kalamazoo College, and be—
bond that, we'll see. But whatever it
turns out to be it will be a move hr the
better.
} Faculty
(Continued irtnn Page l)
for off-campus research as the chief
reason for his move, His area of re«
search is American and Mesa-American technology.
Charlton expressed general good feeling about his year at Grinneil. “l have
nothing but the highest activation for
Grinnell students," he said. He added,
"Although they are bright, they are no
different brown others in getting things
in on time."
Although Charlton sees a need for
more time all from teaching duties, he
said, “I don’t know that there’s very
much Grinnell can do about it."
carlo quiz
warning c o m p a n y with the Spanish department at the end or three years
is Spanish instructor carlo E. quiz,
He will teach next year at the University at aaron, Ohio. quiz will teach
graduate courses in the‘Spanish department, as Well as in the Humanities
division, Working with graduate level
students and having more tree time to
do his own work are two of the ad
Page Three
packages quiz anticipated at aaron.
Alter earning his M.A. at Stanford, he
came directly to Grinnell for his first
fullrtime teaching experience, Ruin,
voting that his three-year s t a y saw
many changes in Grinnell's attitudes and
direction, said “I never worked much
on committees, and never really got
in the ‘underground'. I just worked with
my classes and the students. But I
really enjoyed teaching here."
Oliver Luther
Alter three years with Grinnell'l
Spanish department, Oliver P. Luther
reports at the end of this year to join
the Spanish department at truly College
in Springfield, Ill. LuthEr, Who taught
at the University oi Arizona help
coming to Grinnell, commented “We've
enjoyed our association with printer!t
but that almost goes without saying,
Thomas Somervilla
Thomas louisville, who has served
for the past year as an instructor in
speech and theatre and as technical
director of the theatre, will leave Grinnell at the end of the year to take the
position of technical director and designer of the theatre department at
MacMurray College in Jackson, ill. Somervilie came to Grinneli to till the gap
in the theatre department created by
Donahue’s current leave.
In addition to his work at MacMunray, Somerviiie plans to work toward
his separate during the summer. This
summer he will study either at the University of illinois or the University of
Denver.
canyon Knopf
After 18 years as a teacher-economics.
canyon A. adopt will turn administrator
this July 1 when he goes to sherman
See FACULTY on Page I
volt, Rinehart and Winston,
a leading publisher of textbooks,
will be on campus to interview
candidates for positions as
_. Publisher’s .College Representatives
April 10
volt, Rineharl; and Winston, one of the oldest: and
most; successful publishers in America, is seeking
ﬁend representatives for its expanding college programs. The positions demand men with high motivation, outstanding human skills, and genuine
interest; in education.
As a ﬁend representative you will represent. the
company on college and university computer. involving teachers of new materials and publishing
programsjnterviewingthemtoascsrtointheirneeds
in educational materials, working with them in the
development: of these materials. You will be the
bridge between the publishing business and the
world of learning and research.
The work is enormously stimulating. It will keep
you. in daily touch with the newest developments
In academic activity and in personal Contact: with
the scholars and processors who are leaders in these
vital ﬁends.
Beginning salaries are exceptionally high; company
geneﬁts are broad and generous; opportunities to
advance are outstanding as the publishing industry
participated directly in the “education boom" of
the next decade.
Contact your placement
ofﬁce for an interview with i
a company representative,
New Sunday Hours—8 am 'til 8 pm
or write directly to:
HOLT, RlNEHART AND WINSTON, lNC.
845 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60611 7,
hunt Raymond Craig
Art lountamriunlo'lmnlw
 
Tlia Grinnall REPORTER Friday Apr" 7, m1
Applications are now being accepted for the position oi
Reporter business manager for next year. Letters oi apply<
nation should be addressed to Dr. Benjamin F. Graham,
chairman of the Board of Publications. Deadline for submission is Monday, April 17. For further information see the
present business manager.
grid
2 PERFORMANCES AT 7:00 & 9:05
TUES. & WEI].
APRIL 11-12
POPULAR PRICES - N0 RESERVED SEATS
 
failed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
From Coast-io-Coast
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“FUNTEYN AND NIIIIE YE V
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ARE lIIllBEATIlBlE!”
—New Your World-journal Tribune
“A PAGEANT FIT “A STUNNING
FOR A KING l" MOTION
—chicago Daily News PICTURE !"
.Los angeles
Hersid
examined
room r. unix: Win
. but (ibmﬂ l‘tourism
THE
ROYAL
BALLET
""‘MARGOT FONTEYN RUDOLF NUREYEV
"ROMEO And lULIET
3:8le BLAIR DEBIRND DOYLE JUUA FARRON
MICHAEL SOMFS SERGE PROKOFIEV
0...“an mama cams,
KENNETH MianLLAN NICHOLAS GEORGiADIS k
and.» n,.i "am. ashram ammonium..."
during-"35m... ”runs. i.r.c.,..n...ni.. COLOR
STARTS THURSDAY. APRIL 13
F011 ONE WEEK—MATINEES SAT. I SUN.
Mlss Redgrave
Nominated for An
Academy Award
For
Fast Actress
ﬁlleSMZlSON-GLSNBGTeS-iWNRGDGRave
 
 
PARTICIPATING IN THE SPRING inner city project’. Grinuall sophomore Andrea funny
asked about summer civil rights work at Martin Luther King's SCLC ofﬁce in Chicago.
Photo by Krys Neumnn
students planned into urban revolution
Several students were initie
aged to Chicago and the activities at a small but throwing
revolutionary organization during the recent Chicago Urban
Seminar, sponsored by the parish oi the Holy movement (terrorist and Evangelical).
The
Tosiiesi
salaries
In Town!
The seminar arrested the need
to device a revolutionary attitude toward "twentieth century
technological totalltarismr” The
time has come, says the Parish
of the Holy movement, ice America to search for ways in which
TASTY PASTRY
WAYNE’S STEAKHOUSE
"the sex"
restaurant -cocktail lounge
sieu ks
Next to the Theater
We state to see people cry. Even
our competitors. It's list that our
product is to good. You know what
we mean. If wmehody else had
our recipe and we had llielrl
we'd try tool
"AHA!"
nirvana's Pizza
236-6221
Fm Delivery
technology can enrich lives, ins
steam of restriction them.
Through a program of moms
ing study sessions and after»
noon and evening “changes"
into the city, the ministers and
lay leaders of the church attempted to communicate to the
students their concern for and
commitment to the city. Selections from The regular bit)l by
Harvey Cox. One Dimensional
Man by members Marcuse, Louis
comfort's film The City, and
literature from the Ecumenical
Institute of Chicago formed the
basis inn an interpretation oi
the city. exploration trips mm
various sections of Chicago, assignments into areas of res
search (politics. community development. education. etc) and
cultural events gave a wide
latitude for an individual configuration with the city.
The Parish of the Holy Cow
event, unlike most opponents or
the same thesis» is actually attempting to bring about a
“revolution” 01 attitudes on a
local level Seeing the church
as best able to institute this
change. Holy movement countries the revolutionary attitude
or the early Christians with all
the minor of any installing
thirteenth c e n t u r y consider.
Members are required to title
and new members must scroll
In prescribed courses at the
Ecumenical institute. Their sun
pose is to form a aeii—contains
revolutionary group 0 “intel
tionai" and wellrinformed city<
lens.
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
GRINNELL. IOWA
semi iron. nhl Part om“
 
Friday. April 7. m7
The Grinnall REPORTER
aug. Fiva
 
E. J. JENSEN. 0.0.
OP’IOMETRIST
Eyes Examined
Contact Lenses
Across brown Post om"
For
yet: r-round
Service see .
GOLLlIM’S
1. Now that gmrluallon’s getting
close. have you given any
thou ht to the kind oi work
you' like to do?
I \vttnt to work [or
The facts of Mnnltinlli
s. it it required?
it helps. And 111 certainly
need a pair or manuals
5.111 be doing much the same
thing. l've also lined up
I low that clients society in
a positive way. And it i do
5361.111 move up. and my
spam will be even more
Inipomnt in the scheme of things.
out where'c your hearts
What about manuals?
Fm- horror 0
write to matrix Scollord, Manpower
Sex education program —
coming toward a cleaner understanding or the role at sex in
American college like. Grinuell will lie clicking its first program in
sex education on April 11-15, The series is intended to he a couple
a. Imigltthzwc suspected.
iii prniihly grow
u him-Ll.
4. What do you expect to um?
All i ask is the sad:fiction of knowin
l'rn helping to gui d
a Better World.
6. You don’t need them in
available‘s development
yrogmm. All you need is
in opposite for challenge
Ind responsibilit . ind
the desire to do 9 best
possible job. The pay ii
, too
You know, l’rn herald i
heard would inch—could
ou get me an interview
with available?
nunin'n at available, no your Placement enter, or
Development Division.
"11‘0"“!!! lIIe visit‘once totally of the United States
It... on— u- his. oi ta. Amerlul. Now but, in. room
mm". M/F
OEqun-bee look
website one. including uni‘may
lecture presentations. c o i t e e
hour sessions and informal discussion groups.
The formal presentation will
center on the topics of physical,
psycho-social and ethicalrmoral
aspects or sexual relations. On
April 11, Dr. Kretzsclimar,
head or the department of DIJstetrics and gynecology at the
State University oi town, will
present a lecture concerning the
psychological aspects or sex,
On April 12, no swiss or the
sociology department at Iowa
and author of Pre-Mariml Sexual Standards in America, will
lecture on the psycho-social
implications of sexual activity.
The Sex Education Committee. composed of faculty, std<
cents and administration, has
suggested the following general
goals for the program:
(1) To present a program in
a sophisticated. academic manner with special regard for the
present and future concerns oi
the college student.
(2) To contribute to students’
understanding or inter-personal
relations (not necessarily marriage oriented) and to weighted
an awareness or the physical
and psychosocio complexities
oi sexuality in its cultural context.
(3) To indiana students or current virtual information and
documentary studies in the ﬁend
and facilitate encountered exploraliutl and deClsionrmaklng
without operating a particular
ethic for student behavior.
(4) To consider the changing
ethics and mobility with regard
to current issues. the inadequacy of precallege sex education, the importance or the sexual drive In human behavior,
and the uniqueness and intensity oi the college living situation
Mr conditional
SERVING I4 KINDS OF
PIZZA
HOURS
Mon. thru not. .—
4 pro. to I mini
Sun. — 4 out to Midnight
FREE DELIVERY
TO ROOMS
SPECIAL
42:3? 5 sun. ta 7 pin.
”will: "“d sI 25
PAGLIAI'S
PIZZA
WEDNESDAY ONLY
Salad
PHONE 235-533]
927 Broad — Grlnnell
I
I Good for25‘ :
I on any large pizza
.Tuesday, April 11 '
 
We make
delicious
cookies
Hansen's DANISH MAID makers
KRAMER JEWELRY
Your Keepsake Dealer
“It It broad
First
choice
Of The
Engageables
 
 
. again-non
K gegsalﬁg’
DlAMoND duo-
They like the smart selling and
theguoronteed perfectcenter
diamond . . . a brilliant gem
of line color and modern
cut. The name, Keepsake,
In your ring assumes Iiletuuc
satisfaction. Select yours at
ourKeepsakeJewoler‘sstore.
l’le's in theyollow page: under
Jewelers. A
i .VIAILIAII .i r, i. m. "in“, no. llVAlllJle:
I HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING I
Please send ncttv rupees booking. “How To Plan You! engage~ I
menu and wedding and new image full color border, oolh for
I only 25o. Also.send special oltetol beautiful M-page trade'a Book. I
Name I
address
I Clly I
I photo__.—__Zip I
I KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS BOX an, svaAcusz, N. v. 13202 I
 
Page Six
g Weekend social events g
“The brothers," a rock and roll
soup that plays at the Twilight Room
‘ Cedar Rapids, will be in the North
Lounge tomorrow evening at 9:0u
pm. The group, not normally e
touring band, is making a special ap<
pearanoe at Grinnell.
The duplicate bridge tournament will
he held tomorrow at 1:30 and Sunday
at 2:15 pm. In the North Lounge.
Partners are asked to register at the
Forum desk prior to April 3, but last
minute partners may enter on Saturday. This is an elimination tournament,
on only those who play tomorrow
are eligible to play on Sunday.
The Friday night Forum Coiiee House
entertainment series this month sea<
turns drama. Tonight Bill bobby
records may be heard at 9:30 p.m. The
rest of the series will consist of live
scenes.
Two seniors, assisted by an insert<
mental ensemble, will be presented in
a concert tonight at 8 pm. in
Roberts Theatre, under auspices oi
the music department. Jamie seller,
soprano, and vanilla todd, piano, will
appear in three groups of numbers,
including three Francis Hopkinson songs,
two areas from Mozart‘s The Marriage
or Figaro, and the Daliapiccula “Quab
tn) porsche di antonio Machado." Miss
seller will then sing the each contact
“Jauchzet Gott in alien garden,” with
a group from the colleague Muslcum.
Next Weekend
Tickets for the Dithyramb Formal
Dinner on April 15 in the Quadrangle
Dining Room are on sale from April
8 ~ 12 at the Forum desk for $3.00
a. couple. For a complete evening there
JOHNSON Ir JOHNSON
BABY POWDER
14 Or.
98:: Value 56‘
LADY ELLEN
Quick Set sellers
59¢
Tito Grinnoil REPORTER
;
s
is the dinner at 5:45, the New York
Woodwind printer in Roberts Theatre at
3:00, and the spring formal dance with
the Si central- Orchestra at 9:00 in
party symposium.
Pool Huff to read. lecture
during writer’s conference
Robert Huff, a nationally known
American Poet, will participate in the
annual Grinnell Writers' Conference to
be held April 13 and 14. Besides giving
it poetry reading and a lecture, Hull
will be a member of the p a n a l
lodging the entries for the cleaner and
Whitcomb Prizes.
Thursday at 8:00 pm. Huff will read
selections oi his writing in the South
Lounge at the Forum, Also that eve<
king the cleaner Memorial Prizes (or
Creative Art (short story) and the
nelson I. Whitcomb Poetry Prizes will
be awarded. A cities and discussion
hour will follow.
Friday at 8:00 p.rn,, unit will speak
again in the South Lounge. presenting
a lecture entitled “Three directions in
Modern Poetry."
Presently on leave from Western Washington State College, Huir ls poet-investments at the University of Arkansas.
He has published poems in The Atlantic
Monthly and The Saturday Review and
has javascript collections at Syracuse
University, the University of Kentucky
and Wayne State University. He is also
the author of two books of collected
poetry, The Course and colored John<
son‘s Ride and Other Poems, both of
which are available at the bookstore.
C. B. valium Powder
be Off Reg. 67: Price
61¢ Value 39¢
BRECK
Setting motion
Normal and Extra Hold
show Value 54¢
Friday. April 1. my
Hughes and the legislature—
By Craig plain
Governor Harold Hughes and six
prominent legislature described on Grinneil saturday for the fourth State Legislative Seminar.
The tripartite seminar convicted of
two panels and dinner remarks by the
Governor. The afternoon session was devoted 00 "Motor issues at the 1967 IOWA
General Assembly — The registrar'l
View."
Director at Program in Practical political Education admin Gilmour set the
tone for the seminar by suggesting that
the participants were present at can
slderablo expense to themselves and to
the legislature. It was apparent that
most enjoyed the vacation.
The first session witnesses the are
posted emphasis: Democrats for strong
administration and Republicans for legislative process,
High points of the afternoon were the
persistent attempts oi patrick springer, Speaker at the Iowa House, who
was filled as "a 45 year old businessman with A Master’s degree," to cast
doubt on his conventions. in response to
a point by Senator Frommelt Mr. springer preferred, “Democracy is government as close to the people as possible."
No one asked how the votes could be effective at the county level but minutes<
ant Governor button accomplished the
same noble purpose with a movement "I
say balance!"
The dinner remarks oi Governor
Hughes processed considerable more
density. He trained legislature at both
parties, He deferred the student's right
to tree expression but called for contribution rather than protest.
The evening session was a harrison
freedom-all. There was general agroernent on the need for more stat! and to
Search facilities for legislature. who Governor's reason: “I think they’d be sets
her informed and agree more.”
Senator higher argued that all the staff
in the world would not help as much as
election Republicans. Nor was speaker
springer idle. When Senator higher
asked the Governor “Why don’t. you
admit your mistake and come back to
our party?", the Speaker was heard to
matter “He coupon’t win the primary."
B Faculty
(Continued from Page 8)
College in calls calls, Washington, to
take on the position at Dean oi the
College,
Knopl describes his new role as primarily academic, dealing with such
areas as faculty, curriculum and supervision of research, He also plans to teach
at least one economics course each year.
As chairman of the faculty 1964—86,
Knopf encountered some oi the proxy
less facing college administrators. He
discovered at that. time that the work
was interesting and important. “I was
challenged," comments adopt, “I know
myself well as e teacherecunomlst, now
I want to try myself as an administrator."
smith A. Sternfeld, professor of art at
Grinnell IIOI‘ over 35 years, will return at
the end of the 196667 academic year.
Marion G. Van losses, associate pros
lesson ot sociology, is going to the College oi William and Mary as associate
professor oi sociology.
WHERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY DISCOUNT
PRICES SAVE YOU MORE
8T6 5th Ave.
GrinneII, Iowa
DERMASSAGE
HAND LOTION
“.00 Value 57‘
BRECK
CREME RINSE
Regulw of With Body
$1.39 Value 69¢
STORE
HOURSl
9 arm. to 9 pm. Friday
1 mm. to 8 pm. Mom. fuel.
Wed.. hours.. Sin.
McLEAN'S
TOOTHPASTE
Family Size
53¢
CUIAD
BONUS BOX
7% Value 44‘
ST. JOSEPH
VITO CREAM DEODORANT WOODBURY SHAMPOO
V2 Price Sale: $1.00 Value 50a 21: Off Regular $1.00 Price
Gibson's prices 33¢ 7% Value 49¢
GREASELESS BEN GAY media Grey Facial Tissue
no in... $109
CHILDREN'S VITAMINS
54¢
WOMEN'S
POOR BOY SHIRTS
Short Sleeves
It.“ Value slsl
 
Friday. April 1. I961
The Grinnoll REPORTER
Spring spot’rs opening this weekend:
Pioneer team rose'era not ye’r served
By Barry Ancuna
Grinnell track, baseball. tennis, and call teams are carrying to be ready for their season
opening this weekend. Team
posters are not certain yet, but
they should settle down in a
week or two.
Coach Obermiller’s track
team sellers mm a currently
popular Pioneer comment, "lack
of depth.“ charming with
middle and long-distance men.
the team is spouse on stainless
and fieldmen. The field efforts
are limited to four men: Tom
Russell (dishes. shot put), Thor
johnson (high jump, long
jump), oil DeBartolo (javelin)
and Jon russell (long jump).
The team will open its season
brake adds Taylor
’ro Hall of Fame
Morgan Taylor, a Grinnell
track star of the 1920’s, is one
of three American athletes selected to join the brake delays
Hall of Fame this year. Taylor
is one of the greatest athletes
ln iowa track and field history.
He was an Olympic Champion,
world recordsholder in the 400meter handles and the first
American to win metals in
three Olympic games.
Taylor's 14.7 in the lzuryard
highs, 23.2 in the Zzﬂflows, and
25'2" in the long jump. all set
in 1925, Still stand as Grinnell
records.
He also took the NCAA lows
in 1925, and the AAU 400»meter
handles in 1924, 1925, 1926, and
1928. His world record in the
400 was 52.0r
A photographic exhibit
by Susan Kaeser
Is on display at the
Ex Loco Porentis
“WouLn You are Very surprised 1‘!
Uncle Ford Foundation, hunt
Carnegie Endowment, Great hunt
Rackelellex Foundation and
maybe a law oi those rich globalminded corporate housing like
rural began adoption these
poor CIA orphan: like NS}!
and making sure they continue
to live the good file to which
they have been so long accustamed? out
we're not so
sure they’ll get
may will: it."
For a tree SUFY or the
current intro 0' NATIONAL review, wit.
to heat. ceo, iso r.
355i, N .ldi NJ.
here tomorrow at 1:00 pm. with
a triangular meet with joe and
cleveland.
The baseball team numbers
about courtesy, with five returning batteries: Ron Gattnn,
Bah seller, Dave Schatz, Jim
Stuart and Kent Thomsunr
Coach robert’s men start conference play at joe tomorrow,
and will appear here next weekend to take on Cornell and
Knoxr
beach Pfilsch’s tennis team
had six men at last count, none
of them batteries, The team
looks like it’s in for a long
season. The season begins to—
mirror at 1:00 pm. when the
racketeers lake on plymouth
on the Pioneer courts. Grinnell
meets Knox here Wednesday
afternoon.
Coach powers has only three
letterrnen — Bill Lee, Russ
Heuckendarf, and Dave shelter—
larger — on his eleven-man
golf squad. Lee looks the most
promising, according to Coach
powers, The clubswingers take
on brake and Central today on
the Grinnell country club
course.
It seems best to let the teams
speak for themselves, and this
weekend should give them an
opportunity to start demonstrat—
ing what they can do.
logo Seven
E Balsmen drop opened E
The Grinnell baseball team
if r o p p e d its non-conference
opened yesterday, losing to all—
liam Penn, 163. It was the first
game of the season for both
teams, and their lack of practice was obvious.
Coach Gene hotel‘t Started
Greg been on the found. Dean
went one and a half ratings,
giving up tour runs (only one
of them earned). Dave Schatz
took over the matching duties,
and had three runs (none
earned) scored against him in
two and a half inningsr Bob
seller kitchen two awareness in«
songs but was replaced by Dick
Schneider in the seventh.
Schneider let in two, and was
replaced by Lee Arherman in
the rights. A few well placed
hits and errors brought seven
more runs across for the Pennmen.
Grinnell’s scoring came in
the fifth and seventh ratings.
In the fifth, Dave kathy singles
to right, Ron button provided
out, and Greg Dean and Boh‘
seller walked, filling the bases.
Schneider hit into what would
have been a double play, but
the throw to first after the force
at second was wide, and kathy
and Dean scored. In the seventh, a walk and two errors
brought seller across.
The between take on C0.
tomorrow for a doubleheader at
Cedar Rapids.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Step Up To
”Damn markets” will massage them like no TV show ever
has. The music from this all-time Broadway small has
been completely restored, arranged form great newsound.
The visual techniques take the step beyond “pop" and
“op." It's the kind of innovation you associate With _GE
and that‘s why we’re part of it. That's why we’re putting
"Damn markets" on the air. Don't miss it.
General Electric Theater
NBC TV 9-11 PM. EST - Sat, April 8
yoga/reef/MWW
otnrnu@ttrcrnlc
JD'S RESTAURANT
Ikulld—‘l "2V: Hull.
.71..."
Ll.l‘lt‘l‘l‘illll‘lltlilll
 
Page Eight
The Grinnoll RIPORTEK
 
Photo by Krys reunion
ram MILLER. a Midwestern combo: organizer for th. Spring mobility.
tion to End the Vietnam War, help: ,an Iowa flat. student plan protest
activities for his campus.
} Vietnam
(Continued from Page I)
to join other iowans and students in
the Peace March and Rally scheduled
for 1 pm. in Des points. Anyone
(faculty and administration members as
well as students) interested in assistant
in the planning of the “speak-out" or
In “investing" for the bus should contact Laurie Woods.
“Gentle Thursdays" are being planned by students in Chicago and at Iowa
State University at Ames. Miss Miller
laid that “Gentle Thursdays" actually
deny definition, but she did describe some
activities that could be planned for
them. “In Chicago~we have students
from 25 schools involved—we are going
to hand out flowers at sunday stops
during the rush hours. At some schools
priority girls will be asking beatniks
out on dates and, possibly, vice verse”
Students for a Democratic Society at
Iowa State are planning to set up
things and will have poetry reading
along with their "SWillgrinf’
The Rev. James level, a director of
King’s Southern Christian Leadership
Conference, is national director of the
“civilization." Individuals sponsoring
the project indeed represent a wide
variety of views and concerns. Besides
Georgia translator Julian Bond (also at
the Des points construction conference),
other sponsors are Dr. Benjamin stock,
Playwright Arthur Miller, SNCC leader
Carmichael, SDS leader Paul Booth,
Yale Professor Staughton Lynd, writer
Paul boolean, and poet Allen Ginsberg.
Dr. Martin Luther King and Mr. Bond
are scheduled speakers for the Saturday
mobilizationsi
Miss Miller arrested that the concentrations will be directed particularly
at the U. 5. government but that she
felt they would also renew the hope
of those who participate that something
can still be done to stop the war.
“People are discouraged now, but when
they see those thousands assembled in
similar expression it will workforce their
commitment."
She added, though, that a continually
of the war in months to come will
result in more military forms of pros
test. “There is some talk of civil disobedience — boycotts and mass earnings
of draft cards."
 
Student cafe opens
' Tonight Ex Loco parental, Grinnell’s
new coffee house, will open. Its role,
as Alan Hanawalt, one of the counters,
has stated, is to exist as an off-campus
"place to go.” Flexibility in atmosphere
and entertainment will be maintained so
that it will be whatever students want
it to be.
Poetry readings, art and photographic
exhibits, short plays and recorded music are scheduled, as well as live music
from various Grinnell bands. Expresso
coffee, cheese, salaries, team and fruit
will be available, as well as a Paglia]
Order arrangement for delivery of pizza
There will be a suggested contribution
for food but no admission price.
The coffee house will be open on
Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday nights
from 8:30 to hours. Various types of
entertainment have been planned for
the beginning week: on Tuesday there
will be it relatively quiet atmosphere
with poetry readings and similar has.
ratings to which members of the community might want to contribute.
STUDENTS spam many long
hours painting and decorating
an old store to create the "Ex
Loco parental," which will open
officially for the first time to-
night. Photo by Susan seeker
Friday, April 7, my
Bond claims protest concentrations
still means of interesting officials
By Krystyna Neumao
A combination of refined, cool matters and militanoy, of leading participation within the us. governmental
system and protest tactics outside it
make Julian Bond a unique leader in
American peace and civil rights
strengths.
A few years back the hardcore Mr.
Bond became one of the few degrees
ever elected to public office in Georgia;l
also one of the youngest (ho is but a
few years out of college) Yet upon
election to the Georgia State Legislature he was characteristic y a sub«
ject of controversy when i really denied a seat by fellow legislature —
apparently due to his conservation of
the U.S. position in Vietnam,
Affect Senators, compression
Mr. Bond has since been stated and
today continues to be heard on basic
issues of freedom: the freedom of the
people of South Vietnam for selfrdeterminafion, that of metro in America and
the freedom of Choice in military service to one‘s country. '
Bond’s voice now resource far outside the narrow combines of Georgia
politics. Last Saturday, after a conference at bikini, The Bahamas, on a
new black political organization, Bond
spoke in Des points, at a conference
studying the question of compulsory
military construction.
At the Des points meeting (held at
American Friends Service Committee
headquarters) this reporter asked Mr.
Bond about the upcoming “Mass Spring
civilization" at which he will make keyword address.
Asked about the efficacy of another
demonstration, Bond said, “Some people
downloads the effect of concentrations,
but, although I don’t think we can reach
President Johnson, senators and cons
gressmen can be influenced."
Damage officials' flexibility
(Paul Booth, Students for a Democratic
Society leader, recently told war time
western another indication of the effectiveness of the antique movementlI
“We had damaged the flexibility of
the official explanation to the point
that 40 percent of the white middle
class and working class folk of Dearborn, Michr, when asked, said they
wanted out of the part")
Bond also said that, regardless of
official U.S. actions, a large number
of Americans still feel the need to express their unwillingness to moderate the
war.
Although basically a pacifist to whom
military means are represent, Bond's
position on ‘military construction, Saturday's conference topic, is that if this
nation must accept militarism then he
will discuss the military — but only as
a voluntary organization. Bond objects
to the present draft system because it
does not give young men freedom in
running their own lives. For this reason
he also objects to a universal system
of construction even though it might
allow for alternative forms of national
service, including social service.
‘Not a Military Nation’
Bond’s advertise in the debate at the
conference, iowa State Director of Sea
receive Service colored Glenn R. Bowles,
took the position that compulsory construction is necessary because voluntary investments never fill military requirements. Bond thought that if salaries were raised in the armed forces
enough men would chose the military
as click would any career.
Unlike Bond, there was no doubt in
Bowles‘ mind, of course, as to the
necessity of this nation using military
means. Bowles said such means are
necessary in order for the US. to
protect democracy and other, smaller
nations from aggressive and communist.
Buwles added, however, that the U.S. is
definitely not a military nation even though it was pointed out during
discussion that the US. economy is
shared to military spending.
Not Powell‘s organization
Questioned about a conference in
bikini, The Bahamas oi metro leaders,
including posted harley compression
Adam clinton Powell, which resulted
in the announcement of the birth of
a “black political power third force,"
Bond expressed degree that the press
had called it Powell’s organizations‘
“It’s not his, it’s not anyone’s, It’s an
organization of elected metro officials."
“The announcement didn’t come out
the way we planned — it’s also a mistake to assume its a third party. We
just started and no one has a clear
idea of what it will be.
shared to State, National Levels
“it was formed for people who have
much in common, including similar
problems. We will have more influence
in the state temperatures if we are all
working together; some think — Californians, for instance — we can anymore effect on the party.
"The organization will function on
both a state and national level. In
Georgia, my state, the L3 degrees
holding public office have already ioimd
it more effective to be working as a
unit. Then too, the 20 metro official!
from Georgia, Texas and Tennessee have
started to meet together and found it
very beneficial."
} Fire
(Contained from Page I)
did order the installation of emergency
exit hardware on certain outside Quad
doors.
Section 1.2 of the Iowa code requires
units to be arranged to permit unobstructed stress from all occupied builds
inns and providing the installation of
locks which prevent free escape.
Fred C, less, director of public solutions, noted that Soderquist had not
been awarded by the condition of the
college buildings, but that several features must be installed to comply with
the law. "We have not kept pace with
the times," less admittedl He claimed,
however, that Grinnell's fire safety
problem is not critical, voting that the
fire martial has given the college un—
til September 1 to comply with regulations.
Besides the Gates-watson Tower door
and panic bars in the Quad, the following safety features are plannedil
fireproofing of certain doors, walls and
feelings, extended and additional fire
estates, installation of one-hour fire«
separation doors (doors that take an
hour to burn through). and improvement
of alarm systems.
6 students die in Cornell fire
A Cornell University residence hall,
believed to be fireplace, was the scene
of tragedy last Wednesday. rights std.
cents and one pmlessor died there in a
blade turned “unbelievable” by the build.
or of the structure. Timothy McKibben,
son of William McKibben (classical
languages), was among the survivors.
ADDRESS HERE!
 
