THE GRIN N ELL REPORTER
 
Vol. 74
 
Grinnell College, Grinnell, Iowa EDHZ, Friday. May 5. [957
WILD AS MOUNTAIN DEW— The Mountain aug Love Band will perform
at the eoiio. house Saturday night, oxpoxing student: to some country-
kyle culture. See Social event, page a.
photo by Susan water
 
eastern and russell to leave .Grinnell
George eastern (education), Director of Teacher Education at Grinnell
for two years, will join the faculty at
the University of buffalo next year as
a member at the Social Foundations
Department.
At Buffalo, where the University is
closely involved in attempting to elimia
date the dominant social problems of
the city, Mr. eastern believes he will
be “at the providers oi new thinking"
in his field. Faculty in his department
have joint appointments — in the fields
or sociology, psychology and education.
Mr. eastern, who believes that “edt<
nation is the point at which problems
commerce," will do research “in human
problems relating to several disciplines" and will teach two graduate
courses.
Former Kennedy sides
speak on Vietnam, press
by Johnathan Shows
Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., and Pierre
cylinder, both key sides to former
president John F. Kennedy, spoke to
Grinnell addresses via polyphonic exchanges earlier this week.
Speaking from- New York City,
Schlesinger attacked the Johnson ad-'
registration policy in Vietnam for in:
unwillingness to associate. He assisted
that when we are at a military disadvantage we refuse to talk with Haml;
Ind when our position is strong we still
will not go to the containing table be
cause we anticipate improving our
status further.
depending critics of the war, Schlesinger said that the administration must
recognize that the nation is divided
over the war issue “We certainly cannon supplies the public opinion polls,”
he said.
Although neither hawk nor love,
Schlesinger clearly wants the US. out
of Southeast Asia ”because it iS low ﬁll
our priority list. Europe and Latin
America are much more important to
our national interests." To get us out
of Vietnam, he recommends immediate
deviation of the booking of world Vietnam. Schlesinger said that the booking was a result of military arbitration, not sound policy direction. "Even
ll we would bomb North Vietnam
580 SCHLESINGER on Page I
Mr. kyle russell (mathematics) has
announced his designation after twelve
years at Grinnell, He will be going to
the University of Missouri at dolls, to
teach graduate courses and help in the
advisory oi the graduate program and a
new PhD. program. He said his major
reason for leaving is not dissatisfaction
with Grinnell, but a better opportunity
to pursue personal interests at Missouri.
“The University of Missouri is a Small
university, primarily technical, where I
expect the students as a whole Will be
more math—oriented."
Mr. russell was awarded a two-year
research g r a n t (announced in The
Reporter last week) and he intense to
pursue studies in the area he titles
“Rings oi Functions", He says that his
new schedule will allow him a greater
freedom to do this research.
As far as leaving Grinnell is con.
corner, Mr. russell said, "There is an
emotional commitment involved in my
stay that is as hard to break as the
physical departure. My relationships
with the student body, the school, and
the city, have been cleaning, and my
involvement in ‘educational experiments' has been very charitable."
No. 28
Senate: Favors evolution of Rich
Horn pessimistic on Open forms
By Andy lsaacs
The Senate adopted this week a resolution favorite the evolution at Spring
slot and passed a motion establishing
a new Community Court.
After hours of. debate and endless
filtering over the choice or a new words,
the Riot resolution was adopted as
follows:
Be it resolved that the Senate favor
the evolution of Spring Riot as it has
occurred in previous years because it
is a generally topless and destruction
event, and it detracts (tom the image
at the responsible students.
The Senate does recognize, however,
that the annual Spring my and the
night preceding it may be worthwhile social activities it presently
planned and executed. Tire Senate
suggests:
1. that extensive social activities appearing to both dating and non-dating
FCSA revised court
penalties in Riot case
The FCSA‘S review of last Week's Interim Court action resulted in some minor revisions. James Stuart was expected
but “upon appropriate petition to the
Executive Council” he can gain a Grinnell degree by the transfer of credits
obtained at another college. James
Drasdo also received a lighter penalty.
instead or immediate expansion, he will
be put on conduct promotion for the rest
at the semester. However, Drasdo will
graduate in absentia. Ken mailman received immediate suspension. and must
also graduate in absentia.
Junior Dale passed received armenia
ate suspension and must take his finals
off campus. The coming semester he will
be on conduct promotion and will be
required to transfer from Cowles to
another hall, The FCSA did not act on
the recommendation or conduct probe—
tion for Barry members. The conduct
promotion recommendations for both losses and members must be reviewed by
the means Committee.
 
!
i
w: TOOK A WALK THE open DAY and found a new building springlnq up out of th. ground on will Street .t East. The building it to e.
the new home at Building: and smooth. it will provide facilities to! a
and G maintenance personnel, electricity. oarpentorx, and will hour-
machine and college-owned vehicles.
Photo by Susan Kaeser
situations be Included on that day
and the preceding night.
2. that enforcement of college regu-
nations be arrested. -
a. that the possibility of having
Spring Day as a scheduled event
on the college social calendar be com
ordered.
Tom Triplett, senator from North, gui»
fitted the approved resolution as an
alternative to the motion introduced last
week by Ray l-low, watson, i-turn's
resolution, which was designed to provide student discussion, had been tables
at the end or last week’s meeting.
conflict rated over the use or words
in the motion. Senators were especially
concerned over what sort of efforts—
ment to specify. Triplett had specified
in his original draft that the term
"proper enforcement" be used, Bill
Fisher, South, asked why the rules should
be “properly informed” during Riot night
when they are not informed at any other
time. Horn then suggested using the
term “normal", pic MacDowell, SGA
president, disturbed with this suggestion.
voting that most rules are not normally
informed. The Senate ﬁrally agreed to
simply advocate “enforcement" in the
motion.
Prior to the introduction of Triplett’s
motion; Bill Fligeltaub, c or HP press<
sent, announced that he has authorized
the Social Committee to explore alternatives to Spring Riot.
Turning to opens, Horn reported that
See SENATE on Page 3
Dean Low others comment
on Sr. hours elimination
Hours for senior woman were elite
united on Monday, May 1. Dean ot
Women Alice Low commented, “We
found it desirable to give‘ senior
women this option for the last month
or school as a matter at convenience
for them. There has never been a
question of principle about the elimination or women’s hours. The practicality of tile situation is the only
problem. We thought that this proc
let could be worked out {or A short
period M time with this small
group."
D.M. poverty group
gives play tomorrow
Steps Toward Freedom, a play in the
tradition of in White America, will he
presented this Saturday night by volunteer workers and members of the
Southeast doctors community.
The play, written by Community organizer Jim Dunn, emphasizes the more
recent and local aspects of the civil
rights movement. Paris of the findings
ot iowa housing investigations, excerpts from the statements of local and
national ﬁgames and descriptions at
\workers’ personal experiences are inn
closed in the play.
Performances will be at 7:30 and 9:00
in the arena theater. The second per.
variance will be followed by a coffee
hour at 10:00 in the South Lounge at
which the cast will be present to discuss issues raised in the play with in.
arrested students.
Social funds given (or the performance will go toward relating a loan
made by Iowa churches for the purchase ot the “new" project house.
 
Iago Two
Editorials .
Do we want another form?
Editor’s note: Present college building plans include a physical education complex, joint dining facilities, and a new women’s directory. All are
continuing upon government loans. The loans for the dining facilities and
the new women’s directory can be applied for by July at the earliest.
Ttie dining facilities will be located between party symposium and the
railroad tracks. The new women‘s directory, consisting o! 8 units housing
48 women each, win he between Loose Hall and the railroad tracks where
the present swimming pool is.
The tremendous need {or careful scrutiny alld reassessment of the present
residence hall system was pointed out by professor Joseph Wall (history), faculty chairman, in his statement regarding the recent court case. We arrested
this need just a week previously when we tried the specific consideration or
integration or the computer.
Like the strictly academic side of a liberal arts education, the residence
system cannon remain static. Its usefulness must be assessed with respect to
a changing world. A admitted to consider the underlying philosophy oi the
residence hall system is just as initiative as the existing committees considering curriculum and the community court. Such is committee, composed country
of faculty, Students, and administrators, must shoulder the difficult task of defining not only where and how and with whom to house men and women in d0r<
memories, not only what regulations to impose and what facilities to provide, but
more lundamentally, whether the directory is the most appropriate living 5solution. They must explore the alternatives suggested by private apartments in
town for some students, collegeowned homes for others, and college built apartment buildings for still others. They must compare the advantages or comments living with other ways or his, in light or the college’s goals.
Finally their philosophical decisions will have to be tested opposite more
automatic considerations such as financing and crossing. For example, it they
decide directory housing as we now have it is not ideal, they may indeed be
overruled by economic qualities. Nevertheless, it is gravity important that in
building new directories we act either according to our philosophic principles
or constitutes against them: it is not fair to avoid them.
We recommend that the proposed construction oi a new women’s directory
be contained pending the report oi a committee on the Grinnell residence re—
apartments: its rationale and usefulness, and how these can best be Served.
Building a large and mostly directory calculated to last hit 50 to 70 years will
percentage the present residence custom without philosophical certification.
his is contrary to the spirit or continuous critical examination proper to an
The Grinnell REPORTER
Friday. Msy I. list
_—_.
metro students at Grinnell —
Last week The Reporter calculated a questionnaire to all metro students on
the Grinnell campus, including the tour exchange students from LeMoyne, The
purpose of the survey was to evaluate the metro's opinion of his position on campus and to determine it he left any treasures resulting directly from his race.
The results were to have been publicized with the hope of involving Grinnell
students of the feeling in this area. The questions dealt with hall life, academic
situations, personal relationships, and attitudes encountered in the town a! Grinnell.
Although approximately 40 forms were calculated, only nine were returned.
To the question oi whether or not preceding exists within the Grinnell course
community, hall of the respondents felt that Grinnell was relatively free of racial bias. This group left that any allocation within the community was the result of individual, not racial differences.
The other half left that racial preceding did exist and was a deﬁsite his<
france o their intellectual and social development. For the most part, they at.
oriented such preceding to insurance and lack oi experience in interesting with
another racial group. Even those who had denied the existence or discrimination
on campus felt that there was some mortality in the town.
Even though a total response was not expected, the disappointing number nt
returns seemed to indicate a certain apache even toward an issue so important
to internship relations. Some of those who declined to participate in the survey
felt that there was a racial problem but that a survey would be interactive in
improving the situation.
Despite the poor response, the questionnaire had a limited value in that it
opened the issue and calculated some debate. These have been some of the
questions under discussion: to there a problem or racial preceding on campus?
If there is a problem of insurance in race relations at Grinnell, how can both
writes and degrees execute each other? Why does there seem to be a sentence
among degrees to translate toward one another? Does this sentence indicate a
desire to be separate, or is it the result ot an insecurity caused by white selection?
Although the fact that some people have begun to discuss racial issues is
important. such discussion will have further value only if it is extended to the
entire student body. — P. M.
 
her. These are the two most recent
always be remembered in my heart) for
academic community.
—M. M.
 
letters . . .
REPORTER critics answered
Recent issues of The Reporter have
accused some people and have executed
letters front an assessment of others.
The combined letters suggest that too
often “outside” news has been given
‘daily over campus events, and that
edition has, in effect, been packed
by the new title or this paper.
The semester is almost over. it
would he terrible for Miss german and
her state to reel that they have failed
in their commitment to responsible
journalism, or that we should have
failed to grass the purpose of their
:type. For their purpose, i believe, has
sen this: to unseal the shroud or a
small college convinced that it is iso»
later, situated in the middle of “nowhere," with no vital contact with the
world. Was The Reporter's coverage or
the New York Spring civilization to
and the War in diet Nam truly wanted
space? And completely irrelevant? Or
John Phillips‘ account or his experiences in a college where one sees,
skills, speaks with and helps Human.
its, does this story not belong in the
Grinnell College newspaper? Or do objectives stem from this: that the paper
inn’t paying first acceptance to its own,
so to speak. it should stick to printing
what the majority oi the people on
this campus already half-know by the
time Friday trickles in.
No, my sad friends, Miss german
and her staff are to be commented
Important issues have become relevant
ligaln.
blend parent
More critics
To the Editor:
The April 22 Grinnell Reporter was
read with a great deal of interest as is
usual. The way in which the Reporter
approaches the news has currently
amazon us. best we be accused of not
being construction, please consider these
suggestions as ways in which we think
the paper can be improved.
A. Do not try to compete with the
New York Times. You simply don’t have
the ability. Leave the coverage of the
New York peace march, in which
Grinnell did not have a delegation, to
the major newspapers. They do a better
Job or coverage and it should save you
some space to use on activities taking
place here at the college. it there one
no activities worth reporting maybe it.
will save you Some money.
B. Try to be somewhat more accurate in your prootreading. In last
week’s Grinnell Reporter one of your
headlines mentioned the selection at
ten new ti—law-s yet you only listed nine.
The _week before you announced the
appointment of several social coordi—
rating members to the executive cabi<
net. There are only three members on
the cabinet and one monitoring mem-
 
The Grinnell Reporter
(formerly the charles 8. Black)
Grinnell College
Gnu-tool. low. mu
BPS
Member at tit.
roll-glen
sun nokia.
sun on
austria Handout
EDITORIAL snrr _
iPOR'l's colin __
copy aaron
IECHNICAL wruwrson ._
not Nut-bin.
A weekly newspaper published each Friday of
the collar: year by the painful comments on Stu.
sent replicaﬁone.
timing by National Advenlsing gui-line, inc., College
Publishers Representative. lo East sort street, New
York :1, N.Y. second class moms: put ot Grinnell,
lows. subscription rate “no per term: your law
mid subscription.
Represented lo! ruttonill after-
fujitsu. version wto
aurora run, theme Murray,
Rich-m scnnelm
__amy AnnunIA SDeihmll
examples we can remember.
Each happening by itself is relatively unimportant but together they are
indicating at a carelessness that is not
becoming to a newspaper of the statute
you hope to attack. _
c. Your editorial commercial the
changed outlook of the times as witnesses by your ability to_prix_it ii certain word and get away with it was in
poor taste. Surely you have other topics more determine of editorial coin.
ment. You need not unlimited everyone
concerning the changing campus view.
points nor is it necessary to call attend
tion to the “victory." _
Most everyone accepts the necessity
of a newpaper printing the news in
all its details. This is your obligauou
Now apparently the Board of Publications shares this view. They need not
be congratulated. .
D. m not to result the administro.
tion. It really makes for poor relations.
We are still other many reforms which
can only be achieved with the help o1
these people. Your statement concern
ing President suggest. was also in poor
taste. The point you make could ave
been better made with a simple request
that he submit an article and listing
the reasons why he has been unable to
do so up to this time.
E. The picture that was drawn or
spring Disturbances appeared to be
somewhat disturbed. it seemed to us
that the character of this Spring night
was exaggerated.
best you think we are a totally usr
appreciation audience We master to add
that in many reflects this past Grinnell
supported was one or the better ones.
loans or the topics were timely and
very interesting. The two editorials
were very pregnant, Mr eastern’s
essay should be required reading for
all.
no not hide li-om controversy, as we
suspect you won’t, but in your con.
trovcrsy be accurate, police and to the
point. And please remember to present
news as news and opinion as opinion.
Charles Wall Lynn mchmnn
nsnk hamilton Doll Gregory
Bond raulwell can Bucks
steve Kent siisiiii Fog;
More support
To the editor:
Some people stubbornly refuse to
enjoy a likely newspaper or to respect
its courageous editor. So never cast
nearly herein swing.
David wilson
To the Editor:
In a cash of letter—writing enthusiasm,
characteristic no doubt of o senior soon
to graduate and no longer to be held
responsible for views expressed here,_ I
would like to thank the 8&3 (as it will
its feature articles on Don Smith, the
Friends World Institute, and the modification in New York. As it so has—
pens, invitation of this sort about
student life outside Grinnell is not really available in other newspapers, even
the Des points registrar And as for
student life at Grinnell, we already
willow in it; must we also read about
it?
Mike arrow
real on Judicial System
To the editors:
how long will we allow our begun.
want, inetricienc and archive “judicial
system" to aggregate the personal and
local stories or punishment and oct—
rock‘soul No one ~— least of all those
whose futures are directly involved _.
benefits from this type 01 mature or
procedure. it the events or last week
can help, by the example they offered
or the “ideal” operation oi the traditional system, to eliminate this system, they can perhaps ultimate their
individually arabic consequence.
Linda real
Open forms
To the Editor:
The SGA Open forms Committee has
asked. “What is wrong with structured
hypocrisy?" The answer is that living
a life or hypocrisy desktops a person’s
integrity and sense or worth. The individual who seeks selfrrespect and the
See LETIERS on Page 4
Last Week's Answers .—
EEI .
E
I
IEI
I! was brought to the attention 0!
the author that ”era Ike" ((4 across)
is a misspelling of “Aura Lee,” Elvis’ much - paradise hi1. Research
proved this to be due. The error was
due to the fact that the author’s familiarity with the will was required
{mill-U. Janet I’blind
 
kitty. May I. m1
Thu Grinnali REPORTER
reg. Thra-
 
 
A student proposal -—
Reform for North Campus
ED. NOTE: This column is written
in response to a letter Chairman
of the Faculty Joseph Wall distributed this week. In the letter, Wall outlined the Faculty Student Affairs committee’s basic support for the Interim
Court’s actions in recent disciplinary
bases and explained the Committee’s
reasons for modelling the Court’s proposed penalties. mail also suggested
that this “unlmppy episode" arrested
the need for the creation 0! a joint
Modem-faculty musicians Council and
revisions in the present hall system.
By Adrienne begin-and and David wilson
in regard to last week's court decision, we agree with you mat the situation which came to light cannon be
generated, and that “any system which
posters or even permits such conditions
must be altered." While the correction
measures taken allow us a short r9prince, they can only prepare the way
for more essential structural reforms.
We therefore wish to present some specific recommendations for consideration by the entire campus community.
They are outlined in two categories.
The first of these should be enabled
promptly, perhaps by September, 1969.
The second series reflect more longitude, but equally urgent goals, and
might well be implemented by September, 1972. The former are designated
below:
1. Present forms of association all
North Campus impose an artsﬁdial consortium, sterling spontaneous social relationships. wrapping and other excel<
save manifestations or “hall spirit” become responsible prints for the isolation and mistreatment of selected individuals. A static, closed system rogers indeed costs and styles; the stem
types thus endangered discounted genuine personal Contact. Residential society must therefore be made ﬂdid,
available and liberal. With this aim in
view, we suggest that room drawings
and the election at the Com? be conducted at large, so that hall life may
become a truly open society. informal
clusters of friends and decentralized
floor gatherings (including a House
Council member) would carry on the
“consolidation" now improperly force
by house government and “traditions."
This balance seeks at once a closer association within the hall and an enter—
:ion of ties which are independent of
residential separation.
2. To encourage interaction between
houses, an initiative bonus would I‘palace the present senate fund. Each
hall could segment its regular social
apartment by joint planning With an-
other residence. Up to a maximum llc<
it, 10% or the cost of each event would
be reimbursed to both calls from a special fund; die bonus could be used for
any social activity at the discretion of
the house membership. Money for this
purpose might be raised by a $5 increase in the student activities fee.
3. The sanctity of every personality
is the essence or humans learning. Thus
we propose the following regulation be
adopted and published in the Student
Handbook.
Physical harassment or psychological
mortality toward any student is not
generated on the printer campus,
whether expressed in isolated note us or in patterns of covers beta»
vror. Complaints of such treatment
may be brought to the Community
Court by the means, the house treatments, or the victims themselves.
Conviction for this ntlcuse will re.
suit in conduct promotion after the
ﬁrss instance, and social expansion in
the event of reputation. in cases of
recipient abuse, the house president
may be required by the Court to subject regular reports on the situation
until the Court seems the problem
resolved.
4. The negative aspects oi the North
Campus miller are exacerbated by a
bargains or building school atmosphere.
This condition may be improved by a
discrimination of open forms pohcy, cork
decide to less formalized cold relationships. Emphasis needs to be shipped to
include studying. bills sessions, and
group recreation, as well as dating. Forrrler not'HP president Bob quote's original suggestion for legal limitation on
weekends (11:00 A.M. - 7:01] P.M., Mona
day . Thursday. 11:00 A. M. . 11:00 PM,
Friday - Saturday) offers the greatest
promise for such a development.
5. Opportunities for psychological
guidance remain closely inadequate
The college should maintain a resident
psychiatrist whose services would be
available to any student without cost.
Hall advisors should also assume a
greater counseling role.
These immediate steps ought to be
reiniorced in long—term community
planning: 1. The residence system must
encourage a wider diversity. At least
three alternatives should be provided
— traditional forms for men and women, out campus rooms and apartments,
and co-educational balls,
2. Facilities are needed at all hours
for study or conversation in private.
Since hall younger do not serve this
function well, Smaller, enclosed area!
ought to be provided for the purpose.
Hopefully, the adoption of these proposals would cause student culture more
fully to reflect our academic values
and pursuant.
 
} Senate
(Continued from Page l)
the Opens committee is pessimistic
about their chances to get extended open
moms, “Considering the attitude of the
administration. most people don't believe extended opens are possible,“ he
said.
Mary Malcom, Cleveland, suggested
that student bedrooms will have to
double as living rooms again next year
because the college cannon afford to
build both. Jefl Fern, Norm, felt that
the current opens policy finished law
arising people and that it was hypothetical for those corporate enough to
have certain rooms to be allowed to
have opens while others cannon.
Horn suggested the Opens Committee
might better spend 15 time Considering
other ways or providing some degree at
privacy on dates.
The Senate approved With two revision:
the creation of a new Community Court.
The revisions were:
Cases which affect only one hall and
not the campus as a whole will be
handled within the individual calls, subject to appeal,
The three student members of the
court will be appointed by the AWS and
CofHP in joint agreement. Their ap<
treatment is subject to Senate approval.
John taiwan, East, renewal all old can—
property when he questioned whether the
Court's makeup of three students and
an equal number of faculty members
worlds‘t result in frequent ties.
in the healthy argument that followed,
several senators noted that court members are not supposed tn vote individually
on a case, but rather they are to come
to an agreement through discussion. The
Senators suggested that the Court be
balanced in membership to encourage
an attitude of trust in the Court and
olimltiata any nutrition of favoritism.
IllliillllllllllilllllIIllillliliilltwlliullllllltllllllllIIilliIIlliiillullmlltllliulllllllIitiIIIllitiiitiIIItiiIIliumiiIilliillliiillllmililiilliilwttiiwllluililllwmlllilwluiillillllilllllllliilillllii
Coming social events
lllllillimilllliiilliiitllillillilltliilllmlllllllilllllllllIIlllliiliilillllllllliltllllllllilltlliiillililllililllllilllilillilllllilitlilllllilliliilltlliltllliitliiliiliiiiilliiilliiilllulllliltliiiillillimllmilliiillm
The Concert Choir ol Saint Cloud Minnesota State College will present a con—
cart at 3:15 p.m. tonight in service
Chapel. The nationally known a cappella
choir, directed by 1924 Grinnell graduate,
Harvey laugh, will sing two groups
or primarily sacred competitions, all<
mixed by the caught Williams “Mass in
0 Minor."
Eugene O’still: American classic,
“The Emperor Jones," is being given
at 9:30 pm. tonight in the Arena Theatre.
The theatre workshop production, directed by large Appiebee, tells the story
of an American metro who becomes an
emperor in africa during the 1920's.
Sean McCormally and Dave Gressley
will be reading poetry, including sales—
tions from shelter, seats, Arnold and
queen, in the Forum Coffee House at
9:45 pm. tonight.
The folk concert by Ann Klrschner
and Dru McConaughy scheduled for Sap
today night has been cancelled.
Tom Hill and vanilla todd will pre<
sent their Senior piano recitals at 3 and
Seven to ACM Field Station
Seven Grlnnell students and one faculty member have been selected to help
man the ACM Wilderness Field Station
in northern Minnesota this summer.
The students will explore the region
by root and canon: collecting. classifieds and including the inhabitants and
geology of the area. Biology professor
Karl belong will lead the exhibition
or David human, Mary James, Pat
simpson, Richard Segool, John gilbert,
Robert Wells, and Susan Will.
AFROTC honors Stauss
James Stauss, protest and dean of the
college, received the Air Force ROTC
Outstanding Service Award at the recent Spring Dining-in or the 265th Air
Force ROTC janet equation, The award
was presented by Maj. Albert Omar
(aerospace studies).
Dean Stauss was hundred by the Air
Force for outstanding contributions to
the ROTC program during the past la
years. In addition to the service award,
he received a personal letter of compensation from Brig. Gen. Donald
Blake, Commandant of Air Force ROTC,
8 pm. respectively this Sunday in no
beats Theatre. Hill's program wal include
three level pieces and the first movement or Tschalkovsky's “concerts in
Eliot Minor, 0p. 23." Miss todd’s program consists of boston's “Passacaglia,”
the each “Praeludlum and Fuga in C
Minor," Beethoven's “donate in E Minn
or." four embassy includes, Chopin’s Bercause" and the visit “Sonetto 104 del
Patrarca."
The Mountain aug Love Band will perform at Ex Loco Patentls tomorrow evening. Tonight there will be an informal
program or poetry readings.
A Review —
'The Red desert"
By Sue transit
Oi The Red Desert, directed by
Michangelo Antonioni, a crisis for The
New republic said, “it would be quite
a wrong emphasis, but one could say
that the trim is worth seeing for its
color alone." Antonioni focuses on the
neurotic and reflected wire or an electronics engineer (Monica kitty). who
factory town they live in indicates her,
and she is suffering from the shock of
an earlier automobile accident. The story
Concerns her brief love affair with a
mining engineer (Richard Harris). The
wife abruptly breaks off the relationships when she finds that her lover ll
not a catherine for her mental state.
The technique of the film is directed
toward a penetran'ng vision or the individual's thoughts and feelings and his
relation to his environment, It is to
these ends that Antonioni makes his wonderful, original, and unique use or color.
The Red Desert is the italian directors first color film; it was considered
a cinema breakthrough, Following it with .
his latest color venture, Blow-Up, Ann
[unions has given new depth to the film
medium. The movie has been interlnationally explained and should be
worth seeing both in of itself and an
A film classic, It will be shown in ARl-l
this weekend on Saturday at 8:45 pm.
and Sunday at 9 p.111.
WWW
news ll a reckless company cum
running about that Jo-s Restaurant
In closing. on you believe everything
heard In bar rooms“ JD.’s it not
amidst soon to. not your-cu.
JD's Restaurant LIVES at 921%
 
Page Four
LOST
sun leather belt for fucked. I
need it. Please return In:
delta minor. Room 10. ARH.
pendant
ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY
The Grinnell REPORTER
 
} Letters
(Continued from Page 2)
respect 0! others will try to practice
what he believes and believe what he
practices.
media Dayton, ’96
COMPLETE LINE OF
WALKING SHORTS
FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Now In clock for
theta Summer Days.
GET READY NOW —
SHOP EARLY
While Penney's Has a Complete break
ll dress't matter to "the MYTH'I
list what generation you belong
to or even It you come alive every
lo alien] He can rapidly any taste
in left drinks. He has a playback
though. only people with has"
like ht: PHT tried chicken and olillciou: pizza.
is?
"AHRV"
nirvana's Pizza
136-6222
Fm Delivery
Comment on Faulwell column
To the Editor:
There are certain things about Bond
Fauiwell’s article “0n Irresponsible
Protest" (April 22) that i find quite
discussing. it seems that he has hardly
thought through his reasons for supporting the Administration's policy in
Vietnam.
First, Mr. raulwell sections that
the campaign or Mr. Richard Gott, an
antique candidate in Great Britain,
was instrumental in changing his he.
lists on Vietnam. 1 do not disagree
with the slow, printing estimation of
the wars in Vietnam and Thailand
because George Lincoln Rockwell is
her it, nor should I be expected to extract President Johnson: opinions just
because getting Aptheker opposed them,
After examining my philosophy, beliefs,
and prejudices, as well as those of the
"experts," l have come to certain con.
versions about my feelings and thoughts
regarding the war. which space does
not permit me to corporate upon,
Which brings me to my second point.
You cannon line up and count "exports," proper vs. antique, prostores
son Vs. anti-Johnson, as Mr. Faulwell
suggests. You must listen to their
views. examine them for galleries, and
see if they are consistent with your beliefs. Mr. Faulwell seems to feel that
because those "experts" that believe
th United States is doing the right
thing in Vietnam have the more impressive conventions, he should believe them.
He also says that the “overwhelming ma»
jority (of experts) were from such disciplines as biology. chemistry, and english." Hans ltlorganthau, u thank, Reinhold Niebuhr, George Kennan, General
david, Norman Thomas are “specialists
in international affairs and communist.” But i tear that I may be mailing
into the same trap that Mr. raulwell
has fallen into.
ﬁrally, 1 would like to discuss the
Speak Out, the National civilization,
and their relationship. The Speak Out
at Grinnell was not associated in any
way with the spring civilization Com.
written to End the War in Vietnam, but
was only in conjunction with hand
Vietnam Week, April 3715. It is under.
senate that Mr. raulwell still confused
the National civilization with the sept.
rate and quite independent speak Out
at Grinnell. The minor was not the
same as that at the national protest,
and we did, “save ‘t from mere l'epeti»
tion of tired rhet ' and we did try
to “put, it on a higher plane.” Each
IT'S STORAGE TIME
We at seeker Laundry and Cleaners want to help you with the scoring of your willlter clothing and household items you don't want to take home in the spring and log
back in the fall.
The cost of scoring these items will be 2% oi" your declared valuation, plus the cost
of cleaning and pressing. Store only costs are 4% of declared value ——~ minimum charge
— $1.00 per order,
This year we want to make it as convenient as possible for you, so we have made
arrangements with Grinnell Cab Co., phone 236-4525 to pick up your clothing at the
cure nearest your directory at NO COST TO YOU.
INSTRUCTIONS: pick up a storage bag at seeker's office at 10191/2 Broad St. or
your college campus agency can arrange to have a storage bag delivered to you. Have
your list filled out and payments in bag before calling the Grinnell Cab Co., phone
236-4525.
We will check your list and mail you a receipt for the items stored. All payments
will be cleaner and states removed, then in the fall your payments will be greatly pressed
and ready to wear. Exception — store only is not cleaner or pressed. We will return
them to your college campus agent and he or she Will receive full commission.
Here are the added consequences and protection you will receive if you store your
payments with seeker‘s,
. Day or night taxi service.
i Insured against both and miller damage.
. Insured against fire or theft.
. We will return the order to your college campus agent. He or she will receive full commission.
. seventh-nine years of continuous laundry and cleaning experience,
. greatly pressed and ready to wear in the fall (except store only).
You may also ride downtown to seeker’s with your clothes at NO COST
TO YOU.
Thank you,
MEEKER LAUN-DRY CLEANERS
10191/2 Broad St.
Friday. May I. m1
speaker spoke on what he felt he was
most quiltﬁed to speak on, and we
tried to vary the subjects. I think the
speakers and the minor of the Spca
Out were that of an “appreciation o
'grass’ instead or ‘blacks’ and ‘\suites’.
1 think it is you, Mr. Faulwell, who
lack this appreciation
John taiwan
cleaner on Faulwell
To the Editor:
I wish to point to two possible in!lyrics in Mr. Bond Faulwell's column
on Vietnam.
1. Many "experts," he says, approve
oi the war in Vietnam. Let us, therefore, be for it. too. Faith in the expert
_ the pro 7 has become the folk intersection of the learned and the semilearned. The advice ot “experts” on all
matters, such as automobiles, sex, intel'for decorative, child.raising and
politics, ought to be heard. But to suspended to them one’s decisions on
questions ct such irighttul importance
as this war seems to me total and object medication of one’s responsibility
as a human being. History provides
some listening lessons of crimes that
whole peoples have committed on the
advice of their experts.
2, Experts in antennaﬂanal affairs
may be in a particular find. wonder
the assumptions behind the vocabulary
with which they work. Many political
scientists. in discussing the problem of
maintaining peace, seem to be stuck in
the presuppositions of nationalism.
Their historical model, apparently, is
the manner in which the Congress of
Vienna and the 19th century British
Foreign onion incorporated their
plans to this nationalistic faith. As a
matter of fact, they don’t even call the
problem one 01 maintaining peace but
rather one of maintaining “national
security," “national honor,“ or “vital
entered ” One hardly needs mention
what tearsome elegant those have becomes
Charles cleaner
(American studies)
1957 SUMMER JOB CATALOG
Start your career the Inmm-r with i
major us. cmpsrstzem Excellent ntstirr.
Catalog lists over Io,you openings
available THIS SUMMER for men and
woman students. Send $1.00 today to:
Amer. Arm. at College students, 30
North capable. Chicago, Illinois W502.
For School or
Typewriter Supplies
Grinnell Ofﬁce Supply
GRINNELL, IOWA
Across from the Past ouiso
JD'S RESTAURANT
operated—a! 711 V1 Muln.
kennedy
 
Friday. May 5. m1
The Grihneli REPORTER
Page Five
 
fresh Murray patches nc-hittcr:
iiarsity wins with an 8-run ending
A nokia matching job by Tom Murray
highlighted the freshman baseball team's
14—0 win in their season opened with
Simpson last Thursday.
trade Murdock, Pioneer watches, called a perfect game, said Elliott i-lions,
student coach with Rick Anderson, The
ala-better was saved by a Catch by left<
ﬁelder Doug feel in the second, and
by a play at the plate by Murdock.
A Simpson man got to first on a dropped
third strike, store second and third, and
tried to steal home when trade caught
himr
The Pioneer freshmen scored half of
their 14 runs in the first ending: photoshop Don Peterson and second bahamas
Mike Schaffer walked, Murray coupled,
centeriielder great Dubach got on base
on an error, ﬁrss bahamas Roger joe
Walked, and third bahamas harry work
singles. Murdock provided nut, and feel
walked. Rightfielcler Ray center got to
first on an instead error. but was put
out at second as feel scored. Peterson,
betting for the second time, provided
out. The Pioneers scored one more run
in the second, tour in the birth, and two
in the sixth, Murray struck out 12 men
in the seven ending game, and walked
one.
The variety baseball team won its
second game of the season, heating
Cornell 92. Greg Dean went the distance
for the Pioneers striking out 12. and
giving up six hits and a walk. Grinnell
scoring came on 13 hits and 8 Cornell
errors,
In the fifth ending, Kent Thomson singles and Dave Schatz printed, to score
Grinneli’s first run. The Pioneers trailer
7,1 going into the seventh. In that ending,
however, they explorer in a shower of
Soccer team wins;
D.M. semi-pros next
By Memo vendors
Ed brazilian and Giuseppe designing
scored two goals apiece and faced
Grinnell to a 52 Victory over the brake
Soccer Club Sundayr Grinnell nominated
the field in this return match after
brake’s defeat here the previous week.
Their two goals came after Gi‘innell’s
five, when the Pioneer club began to
substitute heavily.
Sunday at 2 pm. Grinneil will host
the Des points Soccer Club on month
Avenue Field. The club is a semi-pro
output with an almost exclusively foreign
roster. it was to have computed against
other teams in a midwestern league,
but collapse of the league left Des
points with a big, experienced team.
Not exactly short of foreign material
itself, the Grinnell team has players
from Austria, Ecuador, Uruguay. Thailand, Ghana and the Sudan, brazilian.
designing, and beth Kporze have been
getting most or the Pioneer goals, but
relax Lungu, Ken picks, Tom Bat) and
Art happen give Grinnell 5 strong at<
talking line. John De Mabior authors
B strong defensive line with Bill month
and Bill Wedding. Goalie Bill Batschelet
has yet to allow ti goal this spring. The
Sunday game should be a fine exhibition
of soccer,
FOR SALE
SNIPE SAILEOM‘: class covered
marine keyword. beautiful mahogany
dicke one" souls. in excellent condition with 60 lb, board to meltminimum weight. $500.00. Trailer
available it funny. Frank a. improve. Nevada. Iowa SDZUL
singles that brought 8 runs across the
plate. pic Vranek got on base on an
instead error, and went to third on Thomson’s single. Kent store second. Dave
kathy singles, but was out at second.
Schlitz singles, Dean got on on the shore
stop's error, and Bob seller {died to left.
Dick Schneider, Ken angel, Jim Sebern
and Vranek singles, Thomson coupled,
and kathy provided out.
Thomson had his best day by far,
hitting three for five, including the single
and double in the seventh ending rally.
angel had two for three, and a sacrifice and Schatz hit two for three, seen
limited and walked.
The between play away games at:
plymouth today and Knox tomorrow,
and return for their final home game
with joe Tuesday.
cross tie, variety lose
in plymouth meet
The variety track team lost a dual
with plymouth 8357, Tuesday, but the
freshmen squad tied the scott 6137.
Thor johnson led the Pioneer effort,
winning the pole vault at 9‘6” and the
440 intermediate handles with a 57.3.
He took seconds in the high jump, broad
jump, and 120 highs, Rich Weeks won
the javclin with a 162’11" and the dishes
with a 130’6”r He placed second in the
shot put. Jon russell took the broad
jump with zc'ic", and Doug gray finished second in the mile and two—mile,
The variety goes to Mt. Vernon to meet
Cornell Tuesday.
The freshman effort was marked more
by a desire to compete than by actual
proficiency. if a Pioneer fresh wanted
to try an event, the chances were that
some poor plymouth competition could
be found. Showing available courage
was Grinnell's Art Andrews, who entered the 440 handles with no previous experience. He won, with a 1:07.5r Andrews
also won the high jump. Ralph Graham
took the pole Vault, Chris Meyer won
the shot put, Jack Rued three the winning javelin, and Steve Carroll turned
the best dishes.
l IM sports
North Campus continues to plot along,
happened only slightly by the implement
weather which typifies a Grinneil spring.
surprised have been many, and with the
season half over, the number of teams
with a chance for the championship has
dwindled to about six. Smith has had
the harvest time of the containers,
shopping three games since l picked
them to Win (there has to be some correlation). East duitiped them first which
was not entirely unexpected but then
West handed them their second loss. The
victory by West must book with the parking or the Red Sea as one or the all-time
great miracles. watson then continued
the string by hanging them their third
setback in four games Cowles saw their
winning stream ended as they dropped
a henrthreaker to watson, 241. They
followed this up with a loss to South.
liable, since an opening day loss, has
blocked off five opponents in a row
and. along with East is now in the
driver’s seat in addition to softball,
gold and middle tennis are currently
being played with no final figures available as to their outcome. The last sporting event oi the year will be the annual
track meet which. although not quite
in the class of the brake delays, is
usually one or the better run events at
the year.
The Tostiest
salaries
in Town!
For
year-round
Service see . . .
COLLIIM’S
WAYNE’S STEAKHOIISE
"the sex"
restaurant -cocktail lounge
speaks
Next to the Theater
We mclke
delicious
cookies
Hansen's DANISH MAID makers
iTALlAN
SANDALS
For Men and
Women
ARNOLD'S SHOES
SUMMER WORK
For heat Appearing Students
[Men and Women)
Travel Iowa. transportation furnished. excellent pay,
chance to win a $1.000 Scholarship
Mr. never
P. Jr soldier. Inc
[528 E. Grand Ave.
Des holmes. Iowa 50309
For interview writer
For All Your
SMOKlNi‘i
SUPPLIES
muscle Down To The
VARSITY
917 Broad
 
line. Six
Tlll union-II REPORTER
'° Iheophlius and Gonias Awards
presented at Honor G bouquet
E. J. JENSEN. 0.5.
OPTOMITIIST
Iyol Examined
Contact wanna
green from vol! wma-
——
CROSSROADS OF THE
WORLD FOR 30 MILLION
YOUNG PEOPLE
"Under
in.
involving
Triangle"
1.
Facllltleq for 2,000
Young Men, Women and
familiar
Near the Loop, Museums,
Stores and Art Centers.
$3.10 to $3.25
Weekly fatal also avalialait.
'hlﬂago'l
v M c A HOTEL
ago L.Wabash Avenue
Chicago, illinois 60605
headphones (312) 922-3183
Mennen Deodorant
Presentation oi the first Louis
Gonias Scholarship Award and
the 1937 David Theophilus Award
were the highlights oI Honor 0‘!
annual awards bouquet. Many
friends of Grinnell athletics from
the community joined the batteries, their dates, and the coaches Wednesday for dinner in
Quad dining room and the
awards presentation in partner
Lounge.
Bob Watt received the Theo<
philip Award, a memorial in
a standard Grinnell achieve killed
in Korea in 1953, given to the
outstanding senior achieve. Bob
earned three freshman numerous, and will have his north letter at the end oi track season.
ILousEs . sKIllI's
SWEATERS v DIES!!!
9
GRINNELL
Push Button — 4 0:.
SLOB Value 58‘
SUAVI
Setting motion
$1.00 Value 57¢
COLGATE TOOTHPASTE
top-r flu _ 12!: on
5LT? Value 69¢
Double Edge
PERSONNA
$1.45 Value 77¢
BLADES
Score Hair Cream
$1.09 Value 66¢
His grade point is well over 8.
Bob hills! was mandated with
the Center Award, established
this year in memory of Mr.
Games, a football player and
wrestler from the class at '42,
who died of cancer in 1965. The
award is given to an upperolassman showing courage and
desire to compete, and is administered under the college’s
financial aid regulations.
Guest speaker of the evening
was Biology Professor full—
terms vendors, a member of
the Faculty Committee on Intercollegiate Athletics. Ha spoke
ot the problems of establishing
successful intercollegiate teams
at Grinnell, and oi bringing any
type at person with a special
interest. achieve or not, to the
camping Mr. vendors was made
an contrary member oi Honor
0. air was Mr. Robert Voertman,
chairman oi the athletics wm<
titten.
Ken christine and Jon russell received the football ﬁne
men and back awards. Tito
awards, given by Grinnell add
late graduate Dick Ullrich, were
dedicated to the memory or
Jim Bradley, Pioneer Seed Corn
executive and Grinnell graduate.
and every Adkins, local resident and friend at Grinnell College and its teams, both at
whom died the past year.
The freshman achieve award
went in Don peterson. basketball and baseball player. The
award was presented by Les
Duke, Grinnell graduate and
pest coach, who holds the hon—
fred position of starter at the
brake delays. Mr. Duke brought
with him from brake a prague
accounting the inclusion or F.
Morgan Taylor, Grinnell Olym<
via star of the ’20's into the
brake delays Hall or Fame.
Other awards included cross
Friday. May :, my
country to John charge, their
(line to Don Kraiteik, basketball to Elliott clubs, most improved sticker to Mike made,
and hell gradepoint for a senior
achieve k) Rick Anderson.
Special awards were given to
Larry Crawford, Grinnell fault
try Club pro. who coaches the
college golf team for eight years,
and Terry Moore, who served
Grinnell as i1 each and head
resident alter graduation, and
is leaving at the end or the year
to teach and coach III the St.
Louis public schools,
”Fm ’rﬂla wise AND run» HAN, who
loan!!! to axudu .nparrorilr and
nvlranihmhy, We! primarily and Ianderly removed by .mine or his aonpotpourri" [and u on. run 1
buntitnl oh , fri-1 inn. In: 10
man. a run and («tall . non;
find occwrldr in. inn-can roerlnnn.
Midwest and one-ma political tunes. I, at left, law-d Adanaunr
for this on. rumnﬂ— William 5.
Schlamm on
Konrad Adulmr in d» car.
(an! inns.
in. a tin my in Ilil
current inn- a! NArIoNAL REVIEW. wait.
to out. an, lit} 2.
M St. N. V. l6. N» V:
warmth
GRADUATION
CARDS
BOOK ’N CARI)
WH ERE YOU NEVER
PAY RETAIL!
EVERY DAY discount
PRICES SAVE You MORE
8I6 5th Ave.
Grinnell, Iowa
LISTERIIIE
H 01.
$1.09 Value 69‘
Mennen Skin prayer Special '|' Lozenges
$1.10 calls. 66¢
uni. Expansion Band
Shockproof — Waterproof
Ladies‘ or $1488
Men's
4-String
BASS ELECTRIC GUITAR
At or Bargain
v... 37¢
I7-JEWEL GRUEN WATCHES
STORI
HOURSl
7 a.ln. ta 1 PJI. Friday
9 nut. to I pan. Mom. Tues
Wed.. Thur». SCI.
13 01. AQUA NET
HAIR SPRAY
"1 Vdu 47‘
BAYER ASPIRIN
200':
$1.63 Value 99‘
CIRCUS PEAHIITS
and
49: Value 34¢
GIANT HERSHEY BARS
3% Value 28‘
 
Friday, May 1. m1
TIM Grinnoll REPORTER
Page Seven
 
Soccer a variety sport?
By Barry Anemia
Our variety teams are having
a poor year, but the Grinnell
Soccer Club has been quite successfuL There have been requests to recognize soccer as
a variety sport once again (it
was dropped two years ago with
the departure of its coach, living
Simone), and such an action
would seem to be a good idea.
Soccer cannon do anything but
become more important as a
college sport. The advert oi
American soccer leather will
certainly draw attention to this
sport played almost everywhere
else in the world, and the in—
create in high school soccer
that is due to follow will pm
side ready talent for the 00L
pages.
Organizing soccer as a variety
team would bring about several
benefits. The team would be as
speed unilorms, equipment, a
schedule of games, transportation, meals after away games,
variety letters, and coaching.
Grinnell, with its number of foreign students and students team
the east coast, who are more
likely to play soccer than their
midwestern schoolmates, seems
to have a jump on other area
conference schools in establishing a strong team. Coaching
would bring out the best in the
experienced men and add to the
squad talented students who
have never played,
little feels are
Disadvantages accruing from
variety status are also important. Two or the best players on
the club team are high school
exchange students; they, and
future high school students,
could not, of course, play on
the team. Also incredible would
be the hall-dozen freshmen on
the squad. The most important
Change would be the discipline.
Presently, the team has three
practices a week, informally
coaches by junior Richard
carl, ll‘Om Austria. Attendance
at games is voluntary, and
schedules are almost non—existing; games planned two weeks
in advance are considered fragrance objectives. With variety
status, this would all change.
Practices would be live times a
weeks, and mandatory. Games
would be scheduled far in advance, and players would he
expected to attend all away
games. Members of the club
with other campus commitments
might not be able to join the
team, due to either time involved, or the away games. The
fact that there is now no prev.
sure to play attempts many en—
thusiasts who would not so
preciatethe pressure ac<
completing a variety sport.
It would seem that in the
long run, making soccer a variety sport would be geneﬁdial,
both to the players and to the
college as a whole This opinion is shared by Mr. harley, the
Golf team almost
beolslovvo store
The Pioneer golf squad came
close to victory in a match with
Iowa State Tuesday. Grinnell
lost lD‘AJVz, in their best show:
ing of the year, according to
Coach add powers.
Dave Shelienbarger shot a 76
for a 3-0 win. Second man Russ
Heuckendori shot a 79, but was
better by his l.s.u. opponent's
medal-winning 74. Rally persons
and John henderson won 271
with 79 and so respectively.
Paul Jacobson tied his man
in the first nine, led by one
stroke, and then naked the last
three holes to lose “~85. Jack
McCord’s 85 lost 3-0.
The guitars are on the road
{or the rest of the season, meeting Str Olal tomorrow and
Cornell Wednesday,
club’s advisor. He is excited
about the soccer Club, but degrees that he had never played
the game before. and is unable
to coach Acting as a liasnn between the club and the athletic
department, he is in a good position to make an appraisal or
the situation.
Thought on the part of the
athletic department and the soccer club is essential before I
decision is reached about socA
her, but this seems to be an
excellent opportunity to show
that although its teams may
sometimes be down, Grinneli is
always looking ahead in sports.
great big fashion
Flying along on low down feels, candles flags are sleep,last»moving and fun. in all the colors that are making news
and snappy click patents, manager makes them perfect for‘
your young way of life,
smooth
or Iona»
OOOOOOOQ
Forum
exhibit
by
service
TePdske
america
on display
OOOOOOOO
Siemleid retrospective
A partial collection oi the paintings
and photographs Professor smith Stern<
held has completed during her 37 years
with the Grinneli art faculty will be on
display in scheduled Gallery team now
until announcement.
Included in the exhibition are paintings in waterproof, calvin, and porsche.
along with a group or color photographs.
Miss sheffield will assume americas
rank at the end oi this year.
KRAMER JEWELRY
Your Keepsake recipes
4th Ir blood
First
Choice
Of The
Engageabies
email'llll
mm
DIAMOND win-o
They like the smart selling and
the guaranteed perfect center
diamond . . . a brilliant gem
oi line color and modem
cut. The name, Keepsake,
in your dog assumes Iiietino
satisfaction. Select your; at
ourKeepsakeJeweier'sslora.
i—is'r n. thenyeliow pages uncle!
“Jewelers
%
TAMFICD
mu n... n, than Mr rm...» to no! u..." .r
others". are a. a. mall (alum. he. url-to...» on.
I HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING l
Please send new 20-page booking, “How To Plan your Engnuer I
mom and Wedding" and nsw 12-page full color loldai, gotta lot
i only 25c. Also,send special ollarnl pendulum-para Bride's Book. l
soma_,—__.__.______ l
l Addiou____—..—.—— l
(”NF—v _ . _ _.__
l hello___.—_—Zip I
‘ KEEPSAKE DlAMOND RINGS, BOX 90. SYRACUSE, Mr V. 13201 '
 
logo Eight
The print ll REPORTER
An educational experiment —--
Economics particular Innovation l
By Dan Bucks
A new approach to the question or
senior economics motors was attempted
last semester through the introduction
of all Becredit seminar into the economics
curriculum. In broad terms, the seminar
was aimed at teaching students how to
think as economists and how to learn
economics, This concern took preference
over reading students a specific amount
of particular knowledge in the field.
Within this broad aim, the economics
department set several more specific
goals for the seminar. It was designed
to have students assume more responsibility for their own education and to
ultimate them intellectually to learn
economics independently of processors
and assigned course material. An em»
phases was placed on getting students
acquainted with a cooperative learning
process in which students’ discussions
with each other and academic controversy among them become a new focal
point for learning, This type of education
was emphasized over the more usual
competitive process that results from an
orientation towards grades.
Getting students acquainted with academic controversy was also associated
with the aim of presenting course
material that regularly does not appear
in standard economics courses. month0<
version works of doctrinal importance
were selected instead of material designed to cover particular economic
knowledge.
So that the seminar could operate with
discussion groups of management size,
the students were divided into two
groups of about a dozen each, Each
discussion group held two sessions per
week: one session in which members of
the departmental faculty were present
and another in which no faculty members participated. In addition, each student discussed papers he had written
during the semester in two tutorial see<
runs with faculty members.
At the faculty-student Sessions, two
or more of the {our faculty members,
Mr. coleman, Mr. dollar, Mr. watson,
and Mr. Voertman, who had responsibility for the operation of the seminar,
were present. Mr. Knopf and Mr. Stauss
also joined the sessions at various times
during the semester. in these discussions, students were usually controlled
with vigorous academic debate. The
books chosen for these discussions, such
as Lionel hobbies’ The Nature and Sig:
clearance of Economic Science and
Veblen's Imperial Germany and the in.
'district Revolution, were quite conducted
to such debate.
This controversy was intended to serve
several purposes. The outlined of doctrinai dispute within the discipline were
presented to the students, Moreover, in
a situation in which the processors were
in obvious disagreement, the students
could not as easily accept the opinions
of one professor as they can in the
usual classroom context. The centre<
verse in these sessions was also to
serve as a model for the student see<
sign without processors.
Throughout the semester, grades were
deemphasized. The totally absence
of this regulatory mechanism was complicated for by tutorials which served
to guide and discipline student's work.
Each student had an individual tutorial
on the two papers he wrote for the
seminar. One of these was an repository
paper that served as a lead-off to the
discussion in the students-only sessions
of the material covered by the paper.
The other paper was of a more inter-‘
precise type and covered a topic of the
student's own choosing. The tutorials
were handled so that the student could
obtain a sense of the gap between his
actual and potential understanding of
a topic without having a feeling that a
grade was directly tied to his performance.
The introduction of this seminar into
the curriculum detailed the sacrifice of
four senior level courses. These courses
covered the subjects of international
trade, business negotiations, comparative economic systems. and structure of
industry. A senior major would normally have taken two of these courses. To
some degree, material from these fields,
but on a lower technical level, was integrated into the students—only seminar
sessions. Nonetheless, there was a sacrifice of standard subject matter and
technical training for the sake of benefits from the seminar approach. Moreover, non-motors sometimes enrolled in
the former courses; thus, these interests
were also sacrificed in favor of the
seminar, For the coming year the department has moved to fill some of these
interests by offering an international
trade course for non-motors during the
, first semester.
Student response to the seminar varies
with the student's particular experience
and is therefore difficult to assess;
however, some patterns of student opinion have emerald. There is a general
enthusiasm among the motors about the
facultyrstudent sessions. The topics and
controversial of these sessions were
found to be challenging and stimulating.
There appears to be less enthusiasm,
however, for the students-only sessions.
vhs criticisms of these sessions center
around the varied quality of preparation
by the students for the discussions, the
sometimes wondering nature of the
meetings, and the fact that the materials studied in these sessions were not as
interesting as those dealt with in the
faculty/student discussion. Students also found the tutorials on their entire
precise papers to be more regarding
than the tutorials on the repository
papers.
 
} Schlestnger
(Continued from Page 1)
back into the stone age tomorrow, the
war Will continue,” Schlesinger den
closed.
Former Presidential Press Secretary
Pierre cylinder, speaking from Los An<
genes, commented on the relation of the
President to the press, as Well as V0ic<
log opinions on Vietnam and national
politics.
cylinder noted the complexity of
White House communications problems.
He received that when President Kennedy and President DeGauiie placed a
breath at the Arc tie Triumphs in
Paris, a direct line to the White House
was waiting at the base of that named
French document,
He also arrested the need for coordination of information at top government
levels, in order to avoid embarrassing
contracting statements such as those issued at the time of the U72 incident in
1960. Khrusciiev later told cylinder that
had it not been for contracting rentals
and admissions of the v.5. spymg, it
would have been possible for the Paris
summit conference to be held. And
President Eisenhower's scheduled trip
to the Soviet Union would not have
been cancelled.
cylinder also predicted that the war
in Vietnam would continue through the
1968 Presidential elections, for Ho Chi
Minh is Convinced that the US. public
Will country reject the war effort.
0n national politics, cylinder predicted that ex-Governor George sale
face's campaign for the providence
would hurt the Republican cause in
1968. He also predicted the emergency
of a “peak- candidate” in the election.
Need more funds—
May n. im
Ex ioco Pareniis goes on—with problems
By Kit order
If the student will raise his eyes from
his book for just one minute and clear
away the log which compounds his head,
he Wlll see an interesting phenomenon
floating across the horizon. This is the
Ex Loco parental, Gl'innell's new otteampus coffee house. The relevant
question is not “What is it?” but “What
is it going to be?”
The coffee house has received its fair
share of criticism; criticism which is of
the almost importance ll EX Loco
parental is to grow into what it should
be: a refuse from the campus, a place
where performing and artists can express themselves. a crucible where
ideas can be refined through free exchange, a common ground where the
formal gap between student and professor can be attached, and, central to all
this, a place where no one feels constraints to leave his shoes on, use a
napkin, or terrain from shooting. With
the evolution of Women's hours next year,
the Ex Loco could fill a Vital need by
providing a place to go after midnight.
So much is possible —- but the Ex
Loco is not by any means a permanent
ﬁstore yet. It exists as an experiment
sponsored by the Board of Religion.
The Board has provided the funds necessary for this semester. But unless the
nine months rent for next year can be
guaranteed, the building where the
coffee house is located Can't be held
over the summer. conclusions barely pay
for themselves and not included in the
rent are gas and electricity. Nine hundred dollars is needed in order to ensure the existence of the Ex Loco next
year but sources are search. Some
money will come from the senior gift,
some from the SGA, and the Board of
Religion hopes to contribute some. But
the amounts are indefinite, and it is
doubtful that the entire nine hundred
dollar requirement can be met from these
sources.
In suite of its name, the Ex Loco also
faces the problem of legal responsibility,
which now tests solely on Mr. Dennis
Haas, faculty advisor to the Board of
Religion. If the coffee house is to continue to exist, a corporation must be
formed; at least three people over
twenty-one must agree to be legally
responsible for the venture. Some of
the possibilities under investigation are
town church leaders. processors, and
students over twenty-one.
Problems room large. They must be
solved or the Ex Loco will come to
brief. And it inn’t likely that such an
additions Venture will be embedded on
again in the near future. Yet so much
is possible. . 4 .
 
Singing priest for "active worship
By Ann Kirschner
America's answer to the Singing sun
guitar-voting, folk-singing, hymn-writing
Father lan Douglas Mitchell, Episcopallan "free-lance" priest and dictionary, and one-time master and greater for
the Greyhound Bus Company, candidates
nearly a full house at service Chapel
last Sunday. Father Mitchell led the
worshippers in the Folk Song Mass he
composed in 1961. He has presented it
in cathedrals, churches, night clubs and
concert calls throughout the country,
and it has been used in many foreign
countries.
WUS linked to CIA
Ed. Note:
When informed of the alleged relay
township between the WUS and the CIA
Chaplain Dennis Haas, of the Board of
Religion, which sponsors was auctions
replied that he knew nothing of the code
section Ind had no relevant information.
CPS — In Chicago, Michael Wood, who
originally gave the CIA story to RAMPARTS magazine, charged that John
Simons. the current executive director
of World University Service (WUS), is
employed by the CIA,
WUS is an international student charity
organization which contacts fund~rain<
ing drives on American computer.
Thirty-nine per Cent of U. S. WUS funds
received since 1954 have originally with
the Foundation for Youth and Student
Affairs. according to Roy Henderson of
the University of Chicago‘s International
House.
A WUS investigators committee is currently attempting to determine any connections the group might have had with
the CIA through funding or employment
of individuals associated with the intelligence organization.
Deadline for applications for
Reporter editor for {all lie] in
Wednesday, May i0.
Father Mitchell's feeling that worship
should be active, rather than passive,
was well exemplified by the response
to Sunday's service. an dynamic personality was continuous and had the
conservation joining in heartily with his
foikrstyle memories. He successfully set
the stage for an emergency person on
"living the Christian life" which provided a change of pace from the intel-
lecture continues of the Bible usually oi~ -
fired on Sunday earnings. Having told
the choir during a rehearsal of the Mass
that “it you call yourself a Christian,
you should have caiiouses on your trees,
he announced on that subject at some
length for most of the person.
The Folk Mass itself is a collection
or pleasant, catchy memories, providing
a grateful entertainment for the Anglican version of the mass. As folk fingers,
Father Mitchell and his wife have appeared in night clubs in several American cities, and they recently toured the
Far East, giving shows in churches,
schools and hospitals. Presently traveling around the country to promote a
renaissance in biological music, Father
Mitchell has served churches in Chicago
and Indiana and a Navajo Indian mission in Utah. He studied composition at
the American conservation of Music in
Chicago and his next project is a festival mass with organ accompaniment.
“I have nothing against the organ,” said
Father Mitchell, existing his Gibson
into its case.
Apply for Peace Corps
Prospective Peace Corpsmen are re
linked that the deadline for this sum«
her’s training programs is Monday,
May 15. Application questionnaires are
available at the city post office
ADDRESS HEREr
eaanoo nancy!)
suorgezag bilqnd
 
