julie §tract & iﬁpark
GRINNELL COLLEGE
onion College newspaper sort or or. Missinippi
 
Vol. LXXVl
Grinneii, lows. Friday, November 1. l968
No. t
 
SCHNEIROV CASE DEADLOCKS COUNCIL;
LEGGETT SENTENCE IS CONDUCT PROBATION
Students, Faculty
Split on Penalty
On Wednesday, October 23,
the Judicial Council delivered
to President Glenn suggest its
decision that Richard Schneirov
is guilty of the charge of having isolated the college’s rule
on limitation by members of the
opposite sex, The court, however, was unable to agree upon
a recommendation regarding
action to be taken. It then became the duty of President Leg«
gets to decide upon a finish<
ment or person Im‘ the violin
tion.
The court decision was handed
to Sehneirtw when the members
of the court left the President’s
office.
The court ruled that ‘other
persons concerned with the
case after inappropriately. In
its statement the court reply<
market‘l Grant Crandail, ’69,
because he did not register
Schneirov's guest with the resident advisor in accordance with
rule in the handbook (p. 17).
The Student Senate was reply.
handed for passing a resolution
pro-lodging the case, The means
of Students, 5. Eugene Thomp<
son and Alice Low, were recommended (or not having personally concerned with Schneirov
before bringing his case to the
Judicial Council.
In a public statement issued
by Schneirov, Michael Brandon and Bonnie winter, the
three said the case showed the
court was “ineffectual and ins
COUNCIL—
(font’d Page 7, Col. 4)
5813 Poll Reveals All:
Many IV’s, Students
Want More (Legally)
A charles and Black survey
wondering student attitudes and
behaviour under the present
open forms rule showed that a
great majority of the students
who responded (130 in all) had
participated in “illegal limitations" this semester. The survey also indicated that an every
checking majority of the std<
cents covered a change in the
rules that would allow for more
legal limitation hours.
seventh-ﬁve per cent oi
both male and female
students said that they
have "participated in one or
more ‘illegal limitations’ this
semester." Of those student!
who have participated in lV's,
almost 7|) per cent have been
SURVEY—
(Coni‘d. on Page 1. Col. 0
 
Ordered To Quit
Quad Saga Workers Plan Sa’rurclay S’price form by Nov. ll
Student employees of Saga at the Quad are
planning to strike beginning Saturday morning
ll certain demands are not met. In a two-and—one
hall hour meeting on Wednesday afternoon a stud
sent committee presented the students‘ demands
to the administration and to Saga. No sufficient
agreement was reached. The two parties will meet
again Friday afternoon.
on Tuesday the students made the following
three demands: 1. “That all Saga workers receive
at the very least a live cent implement to any
existing base pay alter both the second and ﬁltd
computers of working for Saga. 2. That block times
be Split at the discretion of the mealhead (a student) among the members oi his crew who certain an extra load of work should any member or
the crew be significantly late or be absent. a. That
block times be revised immediately to the mutual
Satisfaction of the workers and the management.”
“Block times” refers to one or Saga’s policies.
Each job has been times and found to take a certain average amount of time when done satisiactorily. it is for this average amount of time that
a worker is paid when he does a certain job, regardless oi how long it actually takes. According
to Chuck Hand, director of the Food Service, this
helps to maintain a certain level of efficiency.
it is presently Saga’s policy not to pay any are
try money to workers who must cover the job or
an absent or late worker. According to Saga Chuck
the meaihead has among his duties making sure
Loose Holi declared Home Rule;
Floors To Decide limitation Rules
that every job ls covered during a certain shirts
ii a worker does not appear it is the mealhead's
responsibility to cover the job. His other duties
include filling the milk machine and seeing that
everyone is properly stated However. it two or
more workers tail to appear, Saga does not pay
anyone extra. John Shaw, headwaiter at the Quad
and one of the negotiation for the Students, said
that such sciences are “compatibility rare.” One
of the meaiheads at the Quad began selecting
blocks last year without official authorization.
“Neither the College nor Saga would be happy
about a students not being paid for doing a job,"
stated Ralph Pomerenk, Assistant Business Main
ages of Grinnell College. However, Pomerenk is
presently opposed to changing the policy regard
ing block times, “if you start selecting blocks, you
remove the incentive for the mealheads' having
everyone there," he said.
Would the college save money it a student
had to cover a second job? “I suppose less money
would be paid," stated Pomerenkt
The second major difference concerns the
second and birth semester implement. Presently
Saga workers are the only ones getting any implement, live cents alter the second semester. The
present base pay is $1.15 an hour. This wage rate
is standard around campus. Any wage increase for
SAGA STRlKE—
(font‘d Page 1, Col. 4)
Miss Abbott Chosen
Homecoming Queen
Kathleen Abbott, a sopho<
At a general housemeeling on
Monday, October 21, Loose Hall
decided to establish a policy or
“self-determination.” It thus became the third directory, following the examples of Langan
and Smith, to adopt “home
rule."
Of the 95 men living in Loose
so came to the meeting. The
vote was 44 for sell—often-donation, 32 for the present system
of “discretion,” and l for the
confirmation of the ofﬁdial policy of 275 pm on Sunday afterwards for open limitation. There
were 12 assumptions.
Following the meeting, floor
meetings were held to establish
floor policies.
The general implementing began with so minutes of debate.
The debate focused on arguments both for and against
home rule that had been de
removed in several weeks of discussion, and in a twrrhour debate which had. been held the
previous week. Opposition to
home rule centered mainly
around the rights or the minority, alumni statement, and the
financial problems that might
arise for the college if the
calls followed a policy of selfdetermination.
Grant Crandall, ’69, president
of Loose Hall, explained his
idea of how “home rule” would
work. He said that the hall had
decided to allow each ﬂfor to
determine its own policy on the
matter of visiting hours. Ha
arrested that priorities, even
very small ones, shared in the
making of decisions.
Crandall, a firm advocate of
mail sellrdetermination, stated
that he understood that the en4
tire hall would not be procedures {or the actions of some
of its members.
testament against both the
idea of selirdetermination and
the timing or the declaration
existed alter the meeting was
announced. This statement im<
pediatric found its voice in all
open letter, signed by 20 Loose
men, disassocianng the winners
from the position oi the hall,
Crandall said that most who
signed the letter have now ap.
proved oi the new policy. This
approval came other Dean 5.
Eugene Thompson said at a
meeting for student advisors
that no student in the hall would
be procedures for violation the
rules oi the hall unless the still
sent himself wanted to take his
case to the Judicial Council.
more from lolita, illinois,
was created the ofﬁdial
homecoming queen of Grinnell College during the maritime intervention of the
Grinneli-Beloit football game,
October 19. The Grinneil
Pioneers, started by her
beauty, beat Beioit 24-22.
Last Wednesday President
Glenn suggest after on the Judicial Council’s "guilty" service and sentences Richard
Schneirov, '70, to conduct promotion and discussed from his
directory or any collegeaowned
residence for the remainder til
the academic year. Schneirov
was given until November 11,
1963 to leave his room.
The president after one week
after the Judicial Council presented him with its decision.
The court was deadlocked on
what punishment to subscribe.
The president indicated in his
statement that the court had inrormslly asked him to consider
either “no penalty" 0!‘ “conduct
promotion" as possible options.
Mr. suggest said that the case
emphasized “1) the need to
strengthen the procedures math.
ads and perhaps the organize«
tion of the Judicial Council, and
2) the need to master substantial improvement in the management of our residence
calls."
in a general statement following a statement of the specific
action that would be taken on
the case oi Schneirov, Mr. suggest noted your needs oi the
residence calls: “(1) a mode of
living and regulation consistent
with the mental and physical
health of students, one which
will serve the best interests of
the academic program of the
College and so permit students
to work'effectively as students;
(2) a set or standards for behavior, and enforcement of such
standards, that assure the
SENTENCE—-
(font’d. on page 3. Col. a)
 
Schneirov Case:
By BENSON SMITH
Immediately alter President
suggest released his decision
concerning the Schnelrov trial,
Richard Schneirov and Bonnie
winter met in a room in our»
line basement and prepared a
statement, The statement
charged suggest with unwillingness and liability to deal with
the fundamental problems of
residential mail file.
The problems in the residence
system are centered around the
current regulations regarding open forms. The Student Senate
has referred to the regulation as
unacceptable to the student community, but has tables any proposals to change the regulation
until further investigation can
b-made. .
The Background
At Schneirov’s trial, Lawrence
Frank, chairman of the Judicial
Council, said that the court was
going to review the rule, for it
the rule was found to be adjust,
then Schneirov may not have
isolated anything. Schneimv admitted violation the limitation
rule and said, "The charges are
true but I clear not guilty."
The court subsequently found
Schneirov guilty or the charge:
as stated but could not agree
on a penalty.
All at the house presldentl
who spoke at the trial said they‘
disturbed with the present rule.
Instead oi enhancing the result<
tion, policies based on discretion
Ind consideration of other: web
BACKGROUND-
;font’d. on Page 1, Col. 1)
 
Page Two
33 Take Cornell’s
Old oem, Charged,
Put on Suspension
Thirty Cornell College students and 3 nonrstudents were
arrested and charged with unlawful assembly after a about
moreover of the college administrator building October 17.
style Raglan. spokesman for
the processors, explained that
the group wishes to star up an
"synthetic” and "racing” campus.
Cornell Dean Stuart Good told
the 5&3 in a telephone interview that when the administration expressed its intent to re
gain control of the administration building, the students presented a list of 4 demands and
calculated that they be met witch 48 hours. The demands were:
”The establishment of a Black
activity center which would
house a library, assembly-lecture hall, and a social center.
I) That at least 10 per cent of
the corporation he presented by
Black entertaining and speakers,
8) That the curriculum Include
courses in Black art, literature,
history, and others dealing with
the Afro-American and African
culture.
4) The college should step up the
hiring of Black instructors, with
the addition of at least one
Black advisor to the staff. A
ﬁftp demand later made was
that no charges be brought
against the investors.
Raglan detailed that press-
‘sent Samuel Stumpt sign a
statement engineering the five
demands, and that he ensure
that these demands would be
implemented within the fortyeight hours. Stumpf felt he did
not have the authority to sign
such a statement and that the
goals could not be accomplished
in such a short period of lime.
Threats by nonsprotesting students to possibly elect the processors forced Stumpt to call in
the Linn County police
The Students, after talking for
five minutes with college officials, were led out of the build
ing by Raglon. At the police
station the students were released on “their own recognizance” and the three nonsstudents on $75 bond each.
“I feel a college should handle
internal problems with internal
forces, but if the sources area’t
available, others must be used.
You can’t put out a fire with
the drinking glasses we have
here at Cornell,“ stated stamp!.
The following official statement was released the same
day. “The faculty or Cornell
College has voted to suspect
without preceding the students
who were in the administration
building pending judicial determination of their cases by Car—
well College.”
Each student will receive a
separate trial and, although
several cases have already been
concluded, no decision on runs
comment will be announced until
all 39 cases have been heard by
the studentfaculut board.
Read Hall Suffer:
5100 Fire Damage
Last Sunday there was a
fire in the room of admin
jesus, which caused an estimated $100 damage to college property. The fire was
discovered by Michael Brandon, ’70, who used a fire ex—
tinguisher to put out the
three foot frames.
A p place officer, the
watching. and Assistant
Dean of Students W. Douglas
messenger came to respect
the scene of the file which
occurred in Read 555. Ac
working to jesus the fire
started from the open flame
of a scanned candle that was
left burning on the desk
when he left the room.
In addition to the desk that
was destroyed and the damage to the wall and ceiling
by root, jesus himself lost
a clock radio and 30 books.
At a Monday meeting the
housekeeping service decided
that the college will not require bonus to pay for the
damage to college property
caused by the fire.
Peter Arnoﬂ‘
Manipuloies
serious sex
Peter scott. a leading
authority on the art of puppetry, presented his production
of “serious” at Roberts Theatre Oct. 21.
Marionette Theatre, as presented by Dr. AmOtl. is adult,
serious drama. He has gained
international recognition for his
innovations and advanced the.
tries in production and interpretation.
The Marionette Theatre of Dr.
Arnott, I member of the University of iowa faculty who
teaches theatre history and defects plays at the university
theatre, originally in England
in 1945. He performed throughout England the next 10 years,
came to the United States in
1958, and now gives performances throughout the United
States and Canada.
New Art Exhibition
An exhibition of twenty~five
“Prints from 'Round the
World'" is now on display at
the Scheaffer Gallery in Grinnell College’s Fine Arts Center.
JD'S RESTAURANT
912 in Main
Mon, . sin. 5 to lo p.m.
Sunday—Noon in in p.m.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November I, I968
 
arlington Visits
As PPPE Guest;
Supports simon
Republican majority reader‘
and president pro compare of
the religious Senate. William Russell arlington, served as Politiciansin-resistance during his
mailing stay here Wednesday,
October 30. arlington had
breakfast with Students, toured
the campus, visited three class—
rooms, held an interview with
students that was tapes for
KDIC, and attended a bull session in the evening.
arlington. currently serving
as Lieutenant Governor of Illi—
nois, is not only active in Illinois politics, but also in besides and civic groups.
During an interview, arlington attacked critics of Richard
simon who say that simon has
been value and that he is avoiding the real Issues of the campaign, arlington laid that simon
has given his statement or the
issues and taken a defining stand
on those issues. He assisted that
simon has stated in great detail
What his Views are.
arlington went on to say that
he believes Vietnam is not the
major issue of this election, and
that simon has not spoken on
this problem only I) e c at us 9
there is a chance that the Pam
peace talks may be successful.
Mr. simon does not want to jeopardize the position of the us.
by opposite President Johnson
on this point.
Arrillgton does not know what
effect George Wallace Will have
on the Presidential race, and
does not think that either the
Republicans or the Democrats
will know until after the elections. He did say, however, that
he does not believe that Wallace
will do as well in the election in
the polls presently predict.
arlington commented on the
sales political machine in one
classroom as “Up until this
time, the most efficient machine
in the country." He believes,
however, that a Republican victory in the races for State's Atiomey and Governor would
securely damage the effective
news of the machine. He later
said that sales controls the present Governor of illinois. Samuel shakira, as well as many
city officials.
b Survey
(continued from Page i)
once a week or more often. The
breakdown on frequency of lV's
is as follows:
Once a month ......i. 31.5%
35%
. 22.5%
11%
Almost onevhalf of the students
having IV's. 47%, said their [V’s
were for “sexual purposes”.
The remaining 53%, those who
did not have lV's for sexual
purposes, had their IV’s generally for the purpose of “talking".
“studying”, ”parties”, or simply “socializing“.
Once a week
2-3 times a week
Every day
Ninety-five per cent of the re
spending students said that they
were aware of regular or occasional IV's on their floor, and of
these, only 17% said that they
were gathered by these lV’s.
0f the 75% respondents who
have had illegal limitations, less
than half, 47%, have made use
of Sunday’s open house. A large
number of students who have
not had IV'e. about 40%, have
used the Sunday “legal" hours.
Ten per cent of all respondents either thought there
should be no change in the
rules, or that they should
be made more strict. One
girl etc sent thought that
there should be "no open
forms at any times" Generally,
though, or the 90% who covered
“less strict” rules, most wanted
hours extended, especially on
Friday, Saturday and Sunday
nights, but none expressed covered 24 hour opens.
One que a tion, concerning
whether rules should be made
standard for directories. floors
of calls, or the entire campus
produced widely still opinion.
The question and response to
it is as follows:
There he a standard rule for,
each, . . t .
directory .. . 26%
floor . 39%
for the entire campus , 35%
Quite a few people thought
that there was no way to show
that they covered a very flexible
campuswide rule, which would
allow the hall or floor to establish its own specific hours.
Thus the statement ﬁll” this kind
of rule, which was considerable,
was not reflected in the above
question.
Additional comments on the
open forms question had several
common themes. Although only
14% or the students considered
the question of open form:
"not important” to the college,
(many) 38.93% of those writing
additional comments thought
that the emphasis on open
forms was out of proportion and
in the words of one woman star.
sent, “There are more impor\want things in this old world,’h
Another common theme that
was apparent throughout the
surveys was a desire to see
whatever new rules were made
be “strictly informed."
A large number of students’
comments were simply that the
administration had no real right
to determine or limit coedtlcas
signal use of directory rooms,
in the words of one student,
"Freedom of limitation should
be accepted as natural”.
One final comment, typical of
many students feelings, should
be mentioned: One male sophoc
more said, “I think there should
be one major rule concerned
open forms and that is one o,
consideration—that is, I don't
want my right to walk naked to
the shower increased upon."
 
it; Weekends Aren’t Any Fun
Without ct Trip to . .
AHRVANO'S
MON.-1HURS.. 5-1
Fl
PIZZA
I., SAT. AND SUN.. 5-2
Tom 8r betty morrison — 235-6222 — Free Delivery
 
Get the best of both...
performance and selling
QUALITY RADIOS
LEEPER MUSIC CO.
FOR YOUR LISTENING PLEASURE
 
Friday. No’number 1, ma
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Thru
 
Campus Events:
WUS Auction, Gates Lectures
By FREDA TEPFER
“All you have to do to fly,” said Peter Fan to Wendy, “is
think lovely thoughts, and then up you'll go." A week at Grinnell
College may not be a truly lovely thing but you’ve got at least
two or three chances this week to get yourself flying.
Friday. November 1 will be swimming with sun things to do.
At 8:00 in Roberts Theatre the xerox quarter will be coming
your way with cookies from Mozart and Beethoven. An extra attraction will be a new piece by Mr. Zonn. Between 8:30 and 10:30
is your opportunity to work on some oi those SAGA potatoes and
vegetable (at at the open swim. At 9:15 “Lonely are the Brave"
will be shown in ARI-I. At 10:00 the North Lounge will be starting with dancing Grinnellians taking advantage oi two hours of
free joke box music. it june box music inn’t your thing, you can
listen to recorded comedy a la Nichols and May at 11:15 in the
Coiiee House and listening room.
Saturday, November 2, at 1:30, Ward Field will be filled with
operated Grinnclt students checking the Pioneers in their boat
who Lawrence College. From 7:00 until 12:00, all of you borders
can enjoy tree bowling at the Bowl-a-rama ot your choice. At 3:00,
“Intruder in the Dust" will be shown in ARI-1. At 10:00, everyone
can join me in party symposium in an attempt to find out what
0. was auction really is. This is your chance, Grinnell students,
to get caught buying something you didn't want, just because you
tried to scratch your nose! Once again, from 10:30 until 12:30,
through combines true-blue generation, the june box will blast
away without the aid or your money.
On Sunday, November 3, there are all sorts or reasons for
you to get out oi bed. after Sunday morning breakfast, that great
social event, you can begin corporations for Open forms! At 2:30
in nursing Viewing Room there will be a film seminar on “rules
and Jim," where it will be revealed that Oscar server really is
William F. Buckley Jr. From 3:30 until 5:00, you can take your
weekly bath at the open swim. At 8:00 pm. in service Chapel,
the first or three Gates Lectures will be presented. Dr. B. movie
easier, Dean oi Chapel and Professor at Religion at stanford
will speak on “A New Land" (Sunday, d:00), “A New People”
(Monday, 0:00), and “A New Language” (Tuesday, 11:00 AM.)
At 9:45 “rules and Jim” will be shown in ARH. Not even a 12-page
paper due at 0:00 Monday morning is reason enough to stay away
from one of the best movies you’ll ever see at Grinnell.
On Monday, November 4, until Friday, November 8, tickets
will be available at the Forum desk for performances of “America
murray.” There will be two performances, one at 7:00 and one at
10:00 on Saturday, November 9. This is one at the better oliBroadway plays.
Tuesday, November 5, at 9:30 pm we can all commit mass
Hari-karl at the Election Party in the Forum. There WIII be three
televisions in each lounge, where you can watch this country
‘capable simultaneously on three networks. Free good, and a jam
session will be offered in the North Lounge as a democratic alternative.
On Wednesday, at 0:00 in the South Lounge, Dr. Helen Ponsetti, Richards Professor of Modern Languages, will lecture on
Cervantes. At 10:15 in the South Lounge, tWO Country music
shorts — “To Hear Your sanyo Play” and “The Country toddler” will be Shown, Well, folks, there you have it, another exciting week in NeversNever Land.
 
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
union from the Pan 0m:GIINNELL. IOWA
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3779
E. I. lenses, 0.”.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Offic-
blues Thu". PM.
and Sun PM.
} Sentence
(Continued from Page 1)
trustees, the faculty. the students, and me that neither tyranny nor anatomy can operate
in the residence calls; (3)
enough variety oi living options
designed by the College coinmunity so that a divergency in
temperature and p e r s o n a1
style can obtain in both present
and prospective students; and
(4) a means for the Judicial
Council and, where necessary.
the means, to deal quickly with
a student or group 01 students
who can not aside by any refer
nation, earlier those 0[ their
peers or those of the College.”
When asked Whether the decision to allow Sclineirov to live
on campus indicated that others
would be dealt with in the same
way, President suggest declined to comment, voting that
there were problems involved.
After Mr. suggest informed
Schneirov of his (1 e c i S i 0 n,
Schneirov, Bonnie winter, and
Michael iran issued the idle
losing statutes .
“President suggest's decision
and accompanying statement on
the illegal limitation case be»
more him shows his unwillingness
and liability to deal with the
fundamental problems or residential hall life now facing the
college community. As we and
the student senate have made
clear neither R. Scliiieirov nor
any other student should be
finished for the violation of a
rule unacceptable to the student
community, The president's
punishment or one individual is
an attempt to divide students
by separation this case from
the existing unhealthy state or
affairs existing in the residence
calls. His failure to act judiciously indicates that the administration is invisible of
realistic and responsible action
upon the matter and leaves
students no choice but to take
this responsibility for the regulation oi directory lite upon
themselves."
Senate Delays Action
0n Schneirov Case
At its Wednesday night meeting the Senate decided not to
pass a resolution or any kind at
statement on the Schneirov
case. They felt that since
Schneirov himself is not going
to do anything until he can assess student opinion there is
nothing more they can do. Any
more action in this matter must
come from the student body itself.
NEWS OF OTHER SCHOOLS
due
The student senate at joe
heard extensive debate last
week over their budget. The
Afro-American Self Education
Organization wanted aecretln
nation by the senate and a lamb
get oi $1800, and representation
in the senate. The (Ice legislature approved the accreditation
and the budget, but said that because [our members oI AASEO
were already senate members,
it was felt that this was
sufficient representation for the
group.
Muhlenburg
The board of trustees of Muh<
members met last week. One
of the main topics they dis
closed was the participation at
students on the Presidential
Selection Committee. The board
alone has the power to change
the makeup or the committee.
No decision was announced after
the meeting.
St. Olaf
A new black student organization has been formed at St.
Olaf—The St. Olaf Action Council. Leader Ron Hunter pointed
out the need of a section in the
library devoted to racial litera—
sure, for more black oriented
courses, and tar more vigorous
recruitment oi black students.
There is also a possibility that
the participation would promote
the national boycott of california grades.
The student parliament at St.
Olai passed the Bill or Rights
sponsored by the Nat l Student Association, designed to
validity the nations oi the college
student's rights on a national
basis.
Beloit
Beloit is now reviewing the
trading system there. A poll
was passed out among the students asking their opinions on
the aspects oi the trading plan.
The study is not yet complete,
so full results are not yet available.
listings
A new program 0! freshman
advisors has been institutes at
listings. The college feels that
the first semester in college is
the most important time [or a
student. Many teachers are par—
indicating in the program, and
the freshman think It is Success—
fun.
Knox
The student senate at Knox
has been considering the availability of the presence or
AFROTC on campus. The first
report was submitted and released two weeks ago and stated
that in terms of the definition
or a liberal arts education,
ROTC was a selection of the
pi'includes of this type of educa-
tion. A reply shall be released
as soon as it is available.
The students at Knox are in
the first or functioning the
regulations governing student
conduct. Automobile and directory regulations seem to be the
most talked about. Many students feel they are unnecessarily
regulated in their activity. No
defining movement is atom at
the present time.
MacMurray
Students are asking for joint
meetings with the board at
trustees for the purpose of get-
[er communication with that
governing body. The board recently published the mandatory chapel attendance regular
tion.
Carleton
The Carleton black student
organization proposed last week
a two part \VDrkrStudy program.
A student under the program
could choose a program modules
after that Of Antioch. an alternative workshops system on
a term basis, or one like that
Of Princeton, Where the student
would Work only during the
summer vacation. The Student
could also elect to not participate at all in the program. The
aim of the plan is threshold: (1)
to make the education more relevant to the changing world, (2)
to increase the proportion oi
minority group students at
Carleton, and (3) to help alternate the burden of tuition now
testing on students.
University of Iowa
In a report that appeared last
week, statistics revealed that
the enrollment of students at U.
of I. increased faster in the last
twelve years than did the number ot faculty members. In that
time. the enrollment has ins
created 100 per cent, while the
faculty has grown only 40 per
cent. The problem was placed
upon the difficulty in obtain<
ing money from the legislature.
 
New
Corduroy
All Calm
New
Wool claims
R 81 I Fabric
"5 Main
In November 1968
THE UNIVERSAL PARTY
presented
Reverend dirty James density
FOR PRESIDENT
Mod-ste, commit
founder THE UNIVERSAL LIFE CHURCH
and
‘moscow B. MacKenna
FOR VICE PRESIDENT
Chicago illinois
New Age Sci-n .r — . Telephone Company
The Peace we years and pray for will not come until
+1.. Nation: at earth, through better leadership. essay-
list better governments.
For («aim information write: no. law 516
krklIeV. Comornlu 1470i
 
Page Four
calm“. rm some.
editor-insider
Mannsinz roller
associate zdhou
sport :deer ,
Business Man-Eu
circulation builder
cm“...
Student Nowipepcr of Reporter
trim-ll college
Grinnoll, low.
501 12
Abrlsllnll
. An independent new-Paper published
weekly. except during nohduys Ind examination periods, by the Grlnncll commerce
0n student publications.
saw our school year.
subscription rare
. James Alexander green
catherine jewelry
henry Sablemnu, person smith
. Jeffrey Scheckrel’,
aruc- bloom
Douglas Earl
. Dleore rrikoon
christopher Anderson, Nancy seeker. Connie ericsson.
John partner, John soldier chlo Graham. Stephen Grow.
Allan non, Jcnllhan .banking, Karen gonna.
hub common, candy Root, Lynn sellers.
Yvor Sioakley, Fred: center, Judllh calls“
sheet: Brown, pearl Kudou, gonna. Nelson
“Fallen cherry, to be weak is desirable”
John Milton, Paradise Lost
The president has made. an inventory but dangerous decision, for he
has organized the alternatives for
‘ Richard Schneirov. Schneirov may
now accept the reward of off-campus
housing and yield to the will of a man
he has argued has no jurisdiction in
the case. Or Schneirov can refuse to
acknowledge the legitimate of the
ruling and refuse to locate his directory, a place he probably does not
want to stay in, and face expansion.
The president, however, in order to
avoid a massive exodus must now present arguments why others who village the rule should not be allowed off
campus.
In making his decision Mr, suggest solved only the short-term problem of what to do with Richard
Schneirov. The president after weekly in a time that called for strength,
and it seems that he has begun to
yield to the stainless and unthinking
demands of students.
Richard Schneirov ought to have
been expected. His co-navigation with
a girl for five days in his directory
room, and his consistency in this enterprise, even after he was warned by
his resident advisor, was a flagrant affront to the structure of rules at the
college. Throughout the case he related with haughtiness, a characteristic which does not deserve the person of anyone. The president has
helped Schneirov to be an example
for others who wish to try to float a
rule and destroy the orderliness of
the campus.
The structure of rules at Grinnell
has broken down. As an example, it
has been the common practice for
those who run for hall president to
list as a qualification for this executive office a resistance to efforts the
college rules. Furthermore, directory after directory is replacing
“home rule” for itself, a policy totally
incompatible with the creation of a
community. The next logical step after “home rule” is “floor rule,” and
A Need for New Racks
On this campus, which does not encourage molecular travel, there is a
showcase of bicycle racks.
Recently, a bicycle rack was placed
outside All ll. But the rack account-
then "room rule," a situation which is
mere de june anatomy.
In his decision Mr. suggest, a
man of good infections, tried to provide for the time afterwards, when I
procedures change could take place.
But by the administration’s past refused to grant a liberal and. fair extension of the limitation hours, and by
its conscious laxity in enhancing the
old rule, it also contributed to its weak
position, which will make it difficult
for the administration to deal with
students in the future.
The opportunity situation with
Schneirov gave the president the opportunity to be a leader, to guide us
out of the list of disorder which developed us. But he chose to be simply
an administrator, and in passing up
his opportunity he may have species
us to that day when students will demand control of the financing of the
college and the learning of contracts,
Faculty members have chosen to
be academic to the current crisis, perhaps because they do not think that
the crisis affects them. They may have
looked themselves, however, by their
silence, and by their failure to give
strength to a weak administration by
their support. Having won this victory, the students will move on, and
they will attempt to users the faculty’s power. They will demand control
of the curriculum and, ultimately,
power to hire and fire processors.
A request of confusion is arising
at the college, With the elimination of
rules, the living situation will inevitably become intolerable. The replacement of rules with ”consideration" is a casting off of all order.
Richard Schneirov has had his
using and President suggest has made
his decision, It is false to say, as some
do, that Mr. suggest did not have jurisdiction in the case. The Judicial
Council was deadlocked, and Mr. suggest was fulfilling his executive duty,
which ls more than most house treatments do, by defining the case.
dates only five bicycles, and there are
often more than five riders who are in
ARH at one time. At least two more
racks should be placed there. Additional racks ought to be placed outside
the instances to the dining calls.
sellers lo the Editor
brussels's letter
smoke: Criticism
To the editors
This is a response to Mr.
Cmssett, Cpncen‘long his letter
in last week's SEE:
1. You discussed Mr. Schneirov (aCCldenfally or other.
wise) The quote in question
was not “I want her," but
"i like her "
.The issue in the case was
not "massive application"
(whatever that means), but
that of Violation of the college regulation on the cold
use of dormitorlebi- there
more,
, Mr. Frank was certified in
ruling your statement irrelevant,
Mary Ellen Ruvelson
Ann nudity xlnchncl
coleman Support:
major Grades Only
To the editors
The aim of a liberal education is exposure to as many
fields of study as possible and
the development of a student's
ability in one particular field,
his major. This players from the
aim of a technical education in
that the individual also benefits
through requiring knowledge in
various areas.
One should be grades only for
his accomplishments in his major field, not for that in his
other courses of study. A student receives grades in his major because graduate schools
need some means of evaluating
and comparing their applicants.
Grades also help a student compare himself to other students.
For these reasons grades can
be beneficial, Grades should not
be given in non-major courses
because a student takes these
only to improve himself as an
individual.
The purpose of required
courses is (0 make the student
more knowledgeable in courses
of study different from those of
his major. This is essential, for
u well founded person is better
adapted to life and he is generally a more proposed individual.
Yet it is fundamental to grade
someone while he is climbing
out of his cave, for this may
cause him to stay inside for
fear of failing in the new world.
Non-major courses should be
credit-fall. Under this plan all
“C" work or better would pass;
any work not up to “C" level
would fail. The student who is
not able to receive a passing
grade will not have a failure
entered into his grade point average, but will have to repeat
the course until he berlin a
“C." Why draw the line at
“c"? Anything significantly below "C" level work indicates
that the student has provided
little from the course; anything
significantly above “C" level
work often indicates knowledge
too specific to he of value.
Will a student put less effort
into a course if it is credit-fail?
It is true a student will probably put less effort into his
credit-fail courses, but that is
only because there is usually
less to be derived from courses
which are not going to be used
towards one’s major, imagine
all one could do with the rim.
and effort he would have! n.
might have time to do thing‘
which would credit him as I
individual but would not all“;
his graduation record. With rm
time saved one could read (
book, have an intellectual corp
variation, take a like into the
woods, or write an article foo
sen. hopefully, the ntuder'r:
does things for his own please
which don't inﬂhence his job
love record. It is also hoped that
the student will take courses fo
the reward'of knowledge and
not to Increase his grade ave)use. For these reasons, non-m0:
jar coursesshould be offered on
.I credit-fail basis.
Paul I. gamma-r
faculty Comment On
Faculty Left"
To the Editor:
The President has discovered
I ﬁentirely closer solution
to me Schneimv case, and J.
ft would appear that we may
for the moment have a breath
log spell — unless Mr. Schnelh
ov decided to honor his original
commitment to ilnd any verde
other than “not guilty” as int
acceptable. if he does act on
such a discussed sense or
functions, we may expect some
new affront to civilized procaifurc — a moreover of 50m.
building, for example.
In the dealtime. twentyseven members of the faculty
have finally designed themselves to issue a statement to
the students of the campus,
Since the twenty—seven include
many of the most evident
names, and minds, on campus.
it believes us to pay close at.
warm to what they say. one in
forced to conclude. however.
that the current animation is ex.theme enough to have affected
even such fine minds and styles
as went into the writing of their
statement. shopping 11p the
statement is a set of confused
principles about the nature and
pu1pose of criunell as a liberal
arts college: first, that a liberal
education iS an end in itself
(p. 2); second, that n'liberal
education is a means to the
end of action and change (DP.
1, a). The list oi the statement
is that students should re‘
duke their “activity" and gel
back to their studies.
it is difficult to see what
audience the winners had in
mind. 0f [hair own three categories — the genetics, the disturbed ideallsts, and the undertake mass H none seems likely
to grass the message and re.
spend. Certainly the “activists"
— the local S,D.S. members and
the staff of the Ptemdactyl _.
me not going :o read it sam.
periodically, shake their heads,
and say, "see, Mr. toner and
Mr, powers are right. We ought
to be studying more and demonstration less." H o w e v e 1
Wrong such students may be
about the purpose of the College, they are not in the least
undertake about wh a: they
want: power. They have successfully taken over the holland
does anyone think that they
will stop there?
Student power is a reality,
LETTERS—loaded. Page 15, Cal. 1)
 
Friday. November I, it?“
The Queen and attendance
} Letters
(Continued from huge 4)
whether it he the active power
of Mr, Schneimv, Mr. brandon
Miss winter et a1. or the passive power of the students at
large, who want social licentiousness and have it. They will
not heritage to peterson their
current leaders in return for a
license to be directions. This
first temple display of faculty
power will not, i fear. serve to
peter the power at the students,
which, like all sometimes for
power, “grows by what it needs
on."
John prospect
(Classical Languages)
Need for Obscenity
In 5&3 Noted
To the Editor:
The most dangerous way to
sensor something is to ignore
its existence. This is the technique used by the 5&3 this term
in dealing with the so—called
“observe" language.
Since “obscenity” is a matter
of the individual conference, the
5&3, like The New York Times,
has no right to keep the reality
at news from its readers, and
then to impose its own “observe” language, by printing
such truly “observe” words as
"hill" in its columns while reducing to print such healthy and
lite-giving words about l suppose you would refuse to print
any words which I altered as
examples even in the antiseptic
context of this letter. So I shall
have to rely on general and
common sense of bulgarian to
supply your deficiencies.
it seems to the perfectly appropriate, and since sn-called
“communities” represent a good
deal of the normal euros 0!
American culture, the 5&3 has
a moral obligation to reflect
America as it is.
(Name mitchell by request)
(All letters must be signed.
Names mitchell by request.)
'SCARLET AND BLACK
No Love 5 favors Lost on erotic I
By ELEONORF. SPIEGEL
Love’s Labour’s Lost is probably one oi the first plays in
which Shakespeare investigated
the sessions ot his day, such as
Euphuism, and the moral con
sequences oi offering to those
sessions. Those of us not too
familiar with Elizabethan sessions, or not even too familiar
with the play, missed many of
the jokes and some of the meaning at the play. One might well
wonder why the theater report»
ment chose this particular play
to produce, especially during
Homecoming, when the audience
was largely parents who had
probably not read the play he—
portland. Perhaps since female
liability has been such a currently discussed topic this semester. the theater department,
seeing that there is another side
to the coin, text alleged to put
on a play dealing with male
celibacy; and perhaps, by producing It for parents, they hoped
to win back some donations
which the Schneirov case has
lost us. But that is only my opinion; you are each entitled to
your own.
In suite of the difficulty o! the
play, the cast, for the most part.
gave a good performance. M .
write Schwaller might have been
I little less largest sometimes,
but he made up for that detect
by a clarity and strength of
fiction which some of the other
characters locked. The role ol
Berowne must have been a hard
one for a man of Mr. William
taylor'a energy and intensity;
but, except for the scene in
which he yields so seriously to
rapid, he portrait a testing,
locking lord very well.
I was afraid that the Princess,
played by Elizabeth richmond,
and her ladies might suffer from
the same adults the King and
his lord did; but, to my pleasant
surprise. they were almost an
timely charming, gentle, and
medicine. Miss Patricia correct’s rendering oi Maria was
english and funny but sometimes a little everyone.
Mr. Charles Kimbmugh’u
wide experience was evident in
his performance, He managed
to express composite in his
very hearings, and his innovation was fully that of an old
country gentleman. AS for full
(Dennis Wilson), Nathaniel (red
newton), and Holoiemes (Arthur
angeles). they were so good in
their respective roles that i
hope most currently, for their
sales, that they were not forecast. both (picks savings), with
her polish incidence, and forward (Michael Grant), who was
so funny as the say and simple
crown, came dangerously close
to sterling their scenes and undoubtedly provided the best
comedy in the play,
When garbage (P o ste r
Woods) came slowly up the
states in front oi the stage,
someone behind me boxed loud—
ly, thinking that the million of
the melodrama had now come;
and i myself was taken black,
wondering what Abraham Lln—
coin was doing in a Shakespearcan play. But that was the only
instance of lncongruus computing that struck me; the other
costumes all seemed pleasingly
appropriate.
The ending at the play, on
Thursday night, began to ensemble a grand finals, as all the
characters came out to dance
around the maypoles, but what
should have been the climax
was lost in applause, because
the actual finish of the play was
religious. Whatever effect that
ambiguity was supposed to produce did not occur, unless confusion was intended; and it
seemed a shame to end the
person‘since in that way. But.
oi the performance as a whole,
I must say that those at us who
saw it loved it, though we labeled to catch some or the jokes,
and those of you who missed it
have lost that lovely experience
forever.
Page PM
—Brotherhood, Re-publish
Where the Truth Lies . . .
Ey DONALD STUMP
Two weeks ago the latest additions to the growing list or
lltudent publications were made with the all‘th of The Brotherhood
from the Concerned Black Students and Re-puzzles from through Republicans. seriously enough, both papers seem to have
the same month: not “All the news that’ii fit to print,” but rather
» “All the views that lit. we’ll print."
Neither publication suspended, in its first issue, in establishing
I movement reason for existence or an editorial policy. The Brotherhood ostensibly contains “articles written by individual Black still
cents to relate to the white community what it is to be Black in
Grinnell College." The violation of Don Lee, howeveryplaced in
I box beside the paper's flag. comes closer to expression the intent
of the articles and editorials of the first issue. it says, “I seek the
integration ot degrees with Black peoplesVMost of the paper
was addressed to fellow Black students with the purpose of gain- '
trip unity and political power.
Republius states as its purpose "to present issues of any nature relevant to our time that demand consideration and evoko
responsible action." The phrase is what one might expect from a
young party paper: platform prove aimed at displaying the statement “You can't please all of the people all of the time.”
I fear that the failure to use reason and examine'the goal.
which ought to shape the editorial policies of the two papers will
either doom or damn them in the future. In the case of The Brotlb
zrtiood, the policy of trying to units everyone who is Black, regardless of their characters and their moral and political aims,
will damn it. in the publication CBS seems to have gone the way
of! Richard Schneirov into blind commitment to a revolution by any
means and with any leaders who have power. In one article it is
written,
If you can’t dig the (Black partners) . . . you have to ho
a Tom or (1 Chuck. '
Don’t put your brothers down. They’re blood.
The N.A.A.C.P., a bunch of moms, tells us we can’t make
it rating. They must be crazy.
Throughout the paper, issues are organized and the wisdom o1
integration is rejected without any more attempt to argue against
it than the claim that it was "the white answer for years.” What:
good can a paper do that throws out the goal oi the entire Civil
Rights Movement and accepts the color of men's skin as the
pr‘include organization in society without any movement attempt to
argue the case? What use is a paper which makes false destinations and blessed ones, such as the emotional use of the word
“colonial" to describe the relation of “Black America” to “White
America." How helpful to anybody are the unsubstantiated charges
oi racing in the trading at Black students by white processors,
especially in a paper which is racing itself? It the purpose at The
Brotherhood is to units Blacks, it united them at the cost of their
reason,
Re-publish is not earned by occasionally and power politics
yet, but if it does not define its own purpose, it may be looked
to die of aimlessness. I wonder what the editors would do if
someone submitted an article training robert ilumphrey, who
certainly “demands consideration" and "responsible action” at the
moment. It seems to me that the publication will serve its best
purpose if it reveals the nature at the party it represents and the
wisdom of the party’s policies. I am afraid that it will founder if
it attempts to criticism at large something as big as all of society.
The Brotherhood and Re-curious both illustrate a general district ol reason which, quite originally, services Grinnell's student
body. CBS has made no use of the education of its state to try to
understand their actions in the “real world.” Re-publish writers
from uncertainty that even the party which it represents can be
deferred nationally, as evidenced by the recruiting oi Lippmann’s
designed acceptance of simon and the absence of any pricing of the
party philosophy except in Ira Bolnick's short article. One workers
how well prepared students are for handling the "real world" when
,we cannon yet use our well trained. pricing minds to examine our
political commitments.
 
Grinnell transfer.‘
80th .ids Commercial at, MM
door West. of City Edit.
1.. l1. Sl’lGHELL, Proprietor
Bturlunu' aaa-w Dolirury.
Coat equipped Dru lid. in thin.
[gmt impmnd Truck for nov.‘
' in. rim,
 
Page Slit
-
BRIDGE: POST MORTEM
By JOHN CORDLEY
A classic example of an endKlay took place recently on a
and which otherwise would
ave been remembered as one
I the suggest hands on campus.
no end play involves pulling
it opponent in the lead who is
forced to ﬁjesse his own cards.
he dealt
N
S A 9 6 4
H A 7 3
D A J 9
c A Q 9
W E
S 8 3 Z 5
H 10 9 6 4 2
D 8 7 5 Z
C 7 4 Z 10 5
S
S J 107
H J 8 5
D K 6 4 S
C B 6 3
nasty the dealer, opened with
e no trust, which was passed
y South and West. North, with
9 points, coupled and, alter
art's pass, South responded 2
diamonds. North, failing to real-
i, roger Presents
4-Point Proposal
Before Committee
in a kitty-minute their before
the Student affairs Committee
Tuesday, James pages (political Science) placed students,
faculty. and administration for
the current directory australian
problem. He items that because
the students and administration
have toilet to solve the problem.
the solution tests with the focus-
cyMaigee arrested his opinion
that the college cannon possibly
accept “home rule" because
students would not efforts the
rules for other students, and
the college cannon be responsitile for students under such conditions,
pages altered a four-point
proposal with the goal of decor-
using the fact that individuals
mature dramatically and at
different rates during college
His suggestions were: 1) the
organization oi freshman calls
with upperelassmen to serve as
counseling and supervisors.
l‘here advisors should be responsible to the college and consensus to the rules; 2) an in<
create in the offecarnpus non<
form living option; 3) a series
or directory living options from
which students may choose
;(none including a 24-hour opens
option)? 4) a statement in the
catalogue and to parents that
violation of rules would be sun-
(sheet
For the duration of the current school year, pages suggested that no change be made
in the rules except for an open
lounge option which, he felt,
would take care of the problem
of legal limitation. He also proposed that the role of resident
advisors be determined, and
that these nles be made more
responsible.
pages explained that there is
no sense in specializing rules
when students have made it
clear that no rules would be one
forced, He added as the political
lesson that there is some sense
in keeping the outside common<
ice innocent of the de facts sitvenom
ice that, if East's bid was legitimate, his partner could have at
a maximum 5 points, raised to
3 diamonds, which was passed
out.
When the jimmy was laid
down, South was able to draw
some valuable conclusions about
East’s hand. receiving that the
missing points detailed 16. he
knew that they were all in
East's hand, due to the one N.T.
opening, He also assumed that
the distribution would be fairly
even in all tour hands. He
fucked West‘s opening lead of
the 10 of hearts, which East
took With the queen. East, ﬁnd
ing himself displayed in all
four suits, returned the king of
spaces to the board's ace. South
then licensed the diamond jack,
taking the queen in his hand. A
space lead to East's queen was
returned to his own jack. A
round of trust was played in
which East’s 10 took the boards
9. To prevent (missing himself
in clubs or hearts, East returned
a diamond t0 the board’s ace,
drawing all but one trust in
declared’s hand. South layout
the 13th space, on which he
dropped a heart after East
Sloughcd a club. He then cached
his heart ace and duties a low
heart in his hand. Playing East
for 3 clubs to the kingejack,
50th led a club to the 9 on the
board and East took the trick
With the 10. he was left With
the king-jack, the lead or either
of which gave South the two
tricks he needed to make the
construct.
The means-ol-your tournament
has finished its second round
of competition ill the Forum.
Any new partnerships interested
in playing should contact either
Ken jordan (ext. 567), Mike
(The Dog) Perry (ext. 353), or
myself (ext. 366).
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November I. ma
 
New Lighting To
brighton party
The college is installing new
lighting fixtures in party symposium. The cost for the project
will be 33,500.
When Mr. Dale dawn, Director of the Physical Plant, was
asked why the college was illstalllng the lights when a new
gym was being built, he replied
that the gym will continue to be
used [or variety sports since the
new P.E. Complex will not his
fitted with bleachersi
The old lights only provided
18 lootrcandles of light apiece,
while the new lights Will yield
as took-candles apiece. The new
lights use only 71/2 apps of electricity as compared to 10 apps
for the old fixtures. There Wlll
thus be a 25 per cent decrease
in operating costs.
The college did not contract
the installation of the lights.
Rather, use men are installing
the lights on what would otherwise he united time,
According to Mr. Donald
zambia, treasurer of the col<
legs, the funds are coming from
general plant funds which are
used for capital expenditures
and general improvements.
Plan make Sale
The Grinnell chapter or the
American Field Service is plan<
king an all-campus make sale on
Sunday, Nov. 3, from 10 a.m. to
2 pm. The proceeds brown the
sale will be used to aid the
Grinnell community chapter in
bringing foreign students to
Grinnell. as well as in sending
Americans abroad.
The reception center on South
Campus, and Cowles lounge on
North Campus will on the centers for the sale.
 
Plan Low-Cost Europe
FOR A
WINTER 0R SPRING HOLIDAY
GROUP RATES —- But the Airline Forms the Group
Shannon
London
from $275
from 5300
Continent from $320
Includes round trip air {run New York. a hotel for 1 or
3 weeks AND choice of a car or rail tickets, or theatre
tickets. or tour;
OF SPECIAL INTEREST
UNIVERSITY OF THE AIR -— Living Language Tours
13 nlglm -— French 5357 at Paris
German 3377 at Heidelm
“will $387 at client.
Spanish 5377 (If Mm
PERFORMING ARTS — Amsterdam Pill. laden
15 night: -— Ballet. Om. Theatre.
Concerts. Tours — sm
SKI HOLIDAYS -— Choice 0! km with Cu
Early Kemrvalim Vital for December
GRINNELL TRAVEL CENTER
W8 Fifth Air-non Cum
136—4613
STUDENT GOVERNMENT SPEAKS
(For many years the SGA requested a column In the
charles and Block. This term the newspaper finally 1"!!th
space available to the executive: of SGA for this purpose.
Apparently they have willing to says)
 
BROWN'S
Shoe Fit Company
CHARGE ACCOUNTS WELCOME
0. Main line!
 
Friday. November l, mu
SCARLET AND BLACK
he. Soul
Curriculum Committee Holds Dialogue
King Scholarship
Drive Net‘s $ I 600
Gn'shell College’s Martin
Luther King, Jr. Scholarship
Fund was initiated at a special
corporation sponsored by the
Concerned Black Students organization at Grinnell, held Oct.
19 in service Chapel. The corporation was a feature or the
college’s Homecoming-Parents
Weekend.
James H. sorry, a 1961 graduate who has been associated
With the Peace Corps and the
Bedlam-Stuyvesant Restoration
Corp in New York City, gave
the corporation address.
The Martin Luther King, Jr.
Scholarship Fund honors the
late civil rights leader and hotel Peace Laureate who was
awarded an contrary doctor of
humans letters degree by Grinno]! on Oct. 29, 1967. The enjoyed scholarships, which are
being sponsored by the donated Black Students, will be
awarded to needs Aim-American students.
It was announced at the corporation that more than 51,600
has been contributed to the
fund.
Grinnell students have given
8550 and the college’s faculty
has contributed more than
$1,000. Another $50 has been received from the Grinnell Ministerial Association, It was also
revealed that the College‘s
Board of Religion will donate
half or the proceeds from its
annual auction to the scholarship fund and that the offerings
at Grinnell‘s Union Thanksgiving Service will also be donated
to the fund.
Fund raising for the scholarship program is continuing, and
donations from the public will
be welcomed. They can be sent
to Martin Luther King, Jr.
Scholarship Fund, Grinnell College.
} Background
(Continued from Page 1)
used as guidelines. Schneirov
bad permitted a girl to stay in
his room {or live days. He was
warned about his violation but
he said that he liked her and
wanted her to stay.
In a brief interview with
Eehlieimv after suggest’s decision, Schneirov said that he
tagged directory policies de.
terminal by the students. He
did not comment on how these
policies were to be informed. in
the statement prepared by Bonnie winter and Schneirov they
maintain that the responsibility
for the regulation of directory
life should rest with the students. This implies student en<
agreement or violations. The
Student Senate has stated that
It does not believe Schneitov
should be finished for his VlUla‘
tion.
“THE FLAP overEldrl'dﬂc cleaner sun observed the story or one
George Mason Murray, another
Black another whose education
am: is shooting equally high into
the Culilorm'il have, Murray has
book hired this term is! teaching
assistant in the English department or San Francisco state 0
logo. bio say: his thinking ‘1': invited by the Guevara, calcium
x, Lumumhs,
Ho Chi Minh
and Man he
Timﬂ’.”
in u in. may of
Wm, F, fucking’l
NATIONAL REVirw, wyil n.9,.
I, I50 E 35 count:
NJ. lawn. a.
The Student Curriculum Committee of 22 members met Wetlnesday. They generally agreed
that there has been little improvement over last year's curriculum. usually, they would
like to see the institution of
credit—fail trading in all non»
major courses.
Among those at the meeting
were Don Marquardt, chair—
man; Mr. Kurz, Sociology Department; Dennis durham,
R. A.; honest T. boston, Fresir
sent of 6.3.5.; and holly calcium of S.D.S,
Mr. Kurz pointed out that
there are many faculty members who are in favor or a
change of curriculum for the
good or the college. They feel
that these changes should be
made in curriculum policy rather than simply in a few courses.
Marquardt, who disturbed
with having courses required,
feeling they don‘t allow choice,
asked "How good is a common
experience?"
But Miss calcium disturbed
saying, “We (at Grinnell) should
have more a sense or mission;
students need to be exposed
to courses they normally
worlds’t take.”
In reply Marquardt asked
whether we should put students
in different classes according to
ability. Miss calcium, who is
vehemently opposed to tracking
by ability feels that residents
can learn from each other.
“There is no need for students
to have a common heritage as
long as they have common problems.”
A student concluded the discussion saying, “It’s not that
everyone has read the blind;
it's that everyone can read the
blind.”
All students and faculty are
invited to the next meeting of
the Student Curriculum Committee next Wednesday, at 4:15, in
the Forum Private Dining Room
B.
 
COUNCIL’S DECISION:
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT
October 23, ISGB
To: Students. Faculty, Administration
From: Judicial Council
at: Cnse regarding violation or the
college's room limitation policy
In the care before the Judicial
council regarding a violation o! the
college's room limitation policy by
Richard Schnen’ov, the council has
found Mr. Scllnelrov guilty ot the
change cs swim but has been unable
to force upon a recommendation rc.
gntdmg cotton to be taken.
During the course or the proceeds
inns the judicial Council was confirmed with many problems that now
more the college community. Alter
consideration at those platforms the
Judicial council would make the for»
losing recommendation.
since the enforcement or rules re»
warning Vtsltauon ot directory rooms
by members or the opposite sex IS
inconstsicnr with respect to stated
objectives or the rule, and since there
is a recognized need for an expanded
opportunity for \‘islnllaﬂ, the council
recommends In immediate and critical evaluation or the present vision»
lion policy. The Council members
drawing several proposals which will
be torwnrtied to the Student Altair:
Committee.
it was found also that individuals
Ind groups or individuals. before and
during the course or the hearings.
tried in ways that the Council considers innovroormrc. Thc judicial
Council, therefore represents:
Mr. cunt console, President or
Loose mail. because he did not re
lcd Mr Schnelrov's mating registration or an overnight guest to the
resident advisor in accordance with
the role (Handbook, p in, and
because he did not bring the Issue
or the illegal limitation more the
House Council,
The Student Senate, because, at.
thought it knew fruit Mr. Scltneircv‘s gaming before the Judicial
Council was incident, it protected
to pass h resolution bretudging the
case. a case, moreover, which in
solved one at its members,
The Dean or Students, because.
while they have emphasized the JMV
variance or counseling in the case
or such violations, they did not pets
.really cover with Mr, Schncirov
before bringing his case to the
Jutllclal Coun
SECRET ADVICE
FOR WOMEN
By PHOEBE CLAIRE
“Men always want to he a
Woman's first love. That Is
their clumsy vanity. We com—
en have a more subtle instance
about things. What we like is
to be a man’s last romance."
Oscar dildo
Girls, I am writing this column to help you in what is the
most important adventure in
your liic a matching a man.
Grinnell College itself presents
certain problems in this pursuit, but with a little closer:
news and just a bit of swimming,
you can get the man you want.
Every man, even the stupid—
est 03f, thinks that he is “hot
stuff.” The smart girl Will cons
since her eyes apple that he
is not “hot" to the world, but
he is before her eyes alone.
This Way he will feel superior
only in your company, and it
you are the smart girl that you
are, his vanity will be appeared and you will have taken
your first step in showing him
into that intellectllal confusion
that is called falling in love.
Falling in love with you really
means that you have made him
fall in love with himself.
Men are, in general, vulgar,
bad-compared, ill-gathered,
lazy, and violent. These characteristics are so bad that lf any
man saw himself the way he
really is, he would know that
he was until to live, and he
would commit suicide. Why
do so few men kill themselves?
Nature has installed into every man a small helping ot
sell-love. This is an indulgent,
Pandemian kind of love. It
makes a man overcome his
adults, or at least moderate
them. This selective is how nature implants the will to survive in men.
Now we girls blast help nature along. We must increase
this self-love of theory, and by
doing this we endear ourselves
to them.
i have used up all my space,
But it you need any adVice ot
a private nature, send a postcard to me c/o the charles and
Black and I will send you
the needed answers.
} Saga Strike
(Continued from Page I)
Saga workers would have to be
extended around campus, ac»
working to Pomerenk. All campus jobs are granted through
the financial aid program, although many workers are not
receiving a financial aid package from the School. Of the 375
students employed on campus,
210 work for Saga.
Next February 1, the base
pay will increase to shall/hr. as
a result of a new minimum
wage law. At that time, according to Mr. Pomerenk, all apartments Will be eliminated. During the last three years the
base wage has given from
ESC/hr. with apartments to the
present level.
"we are not at all pleased
with the threat of a strike,"
said Pomerenk, “because it is
not appropriate to the special
relationship between the college
and the workers." He was referring to the fact that jobs are
granted as I form of financial
aid.
According to Shaw, “the
Quad workers will strike Sat—
today morning as a matter or
principle and will hold out until
the demands are met" if there
are no developments in Friday's
meeting.
Student workers in the Quad
had a chance to sign one or two
positions. One stated that they
were willing to strike; the other
stated that they were sympathetic With the stickers but for
economic reasons could not
strike, 69 workers signed the
first petition; the remaining five
signed the second. Student
workers at Cowles have no plans
to either strike or support the
stickers at the Quad,
Shaw expects support from
other students and some mem»
bars of the administration and
faculty, but the Quad workers
have not unlimited the aid or any
other students. “We feel that
this is Just between Saga, the
college, and us," said Shaw.
The removed student strike organized by the SDS is entirely
generated to the Saga strike.
Shaw was spyware of the SDS'S
plans.
For hungry students “food
service Will be provided in the
event Of a strike,” Said Mr.
Hand. “We hope that there will
not be a Strike; this Could be
settled before Saturday more<
log.”
} Council
(Continued from Page 1)
capable oi taking meaningful
action upon an issue or great
concern to the college COl'l'll'l'nudity.” Their statement recommended the council for presenting the Student Affairs Com<
little with proposals for
changes rather than to the student body. The statement also
deferred the actions of Grant
Crandall and the Senate, who
had been recommended by the
court.
In an effort to inﬂhence the
president, a petition was circle
loved by the local spa charging
that the president did not have
the jurisdiction to decide the
case.
Entire Senate
Supports Cornell
Black Students
on Wednesday, Oct. 23, the
Student Senate passed unantmously a resolution presented
by Tom Thomas supporting the
Black Students‘ demands at
Cornell college, and concern
ing the administration’s park
doing oi the situation. The rest.
action was then sent it? Dr. 9.
E. Stumpt, president of cornell, and to The Cornellian.
The proposal to the Senate by
Thomas was a reaction to what
he considered a poor way of
handling the disturbance which
occurred at Cornell on Oct, 17.
The Black students of Cornell
put on a demonstration and
took over the administration
building before their demand.
were made known to the Cole
legs ofﬁclass. The trustees decided to excel the students, but
later modified their judgment
to immediate suspension until
disciplinary action could be
taken for the charge or jason
derby conduct. ‘
In a personal letter to Presto
sent Stumpf, Thomas concerned the administration’failure to operate through the
regular channels that had been
set up to deal with this type of
problem. As Thomas stated in
the letter, “separation the legitimate or the students’ de.
hands and the manner of their
presentation from the question
of discipline for their actions —
as I think must be done —‘ I believe the College's decision was
unduly arbitrary, unfortunately presented, and unnecessarily
marsh.
“in any case 01 civil disobedienCe the individual must be
prepared to suffer Consequences, but he also has the
right to expect that these consequences be rendered by legal
procedure, Institutional reaction
in such cases must not come
through ex post facts policy. i
believe that in this case the illConsidered action of the advice
isolation is subject to far create
er conservation than the actions of the students."
Thomas went on to mom
send immediate reinstatement
of the students, disciplinary
action through prescribed Channels, and only then, after the
set system has been shown due
respect, the consideration or the
students' status as affected by
a demonstration.
The Senate resolution sent to
the president and The Cornellian included the same ideas as
Thomas’ original letter, and
also tried the immediate implementation of three or the fOtLI'
of the black students' demands,
which tire: 1) that 10% of the
corporation centuries be Black;l
2) that a Black curriculum be
set up and institutes; 3) that
Black instructors and at least
one Black advisor be hired by
the college. The fourth proposal, that there be built a Black
accident Center, was also tried
for consideration.
 
Page light
SCARLET AND ILACK
Friday, November l’. "u
ﬁrarltt & Idiom 5mm .
 
PIONEERS EDGE BELOIT;l GRAY MATTER l .
SCOTS SMASH US 50-0
By REGGIE GRAHAM
In an effort to please parents
and alumni. the Pioneers won
their second game of the season by heating Beloit, 2422. In
case you didn't realize that this
was an upset. the Chicago Tribune had Beloit picked 19-6, and
I can't remember another Grinnell game the Tribune missed!
Grinnell made one touchdown
per quarter for the first three,
with Johnson's passes adding
two points each time .non russell scored twice, once from
thirty-three yards out. Jon
played a fantastic game. carrying the ball selection times and
warning five first towns. humor
has it that Steve buildings
made twenty tickets; he and
Tom Lower played excellent
games at the linebacker spots,
Steve was in on the tackle that
stopped Knox halfback march
on the six inch line in their two
point conversion bid (it would
have tied the game)r Alex Karlln and Bob cialis did well on
the defensive line — Alex’s per.
variance was copper by his re<
covers of a Beloit female on
our 28, stopping a thirty-eight
yard drive.
Beloit's Young (HR) was our
main headline that day. Alone.
except for one seven yard carry
by Gross, he ran ten straight
towns. driving a total of portions yards. setting up Beloit'o
first touchdown. During their
second touchdown drive, he
carried the ball seven out of
eleven times warning 35 of the
53 yards. Beloit made its third
touchdown on a had interference call and a wrapped ball in
the end zone.
The Pioneers played their
best game of the season against
Beloit. We were added by some
lucky breaks. such as enabled
and well times penalties. We
lost no females and had no
passes interpreted. The defense
played a very good game; and
pass defense was great The
best defensive action of the
game was our ability late in
the second quarter to hold
Beloit for four towns on our 27.
plymouth’s Homecoming
The game last Saturday
against plymouth wash’t nearly
as powerful for Pioneer fans.
Badly outweighed, the Pioneer
defense was able to hold amaz«
italy well for the first ten minutes of the game. plymouth
coupon't make any yards on the
ground, and got no first towns
(we made three). Late in the
first quarter, however, a long
bomb set them up for their first
touchdown They scored only
one touchdown per quarter for
the first three quarters. In the
last quarter. however, Molimouth's first string was able to
run up twenty-seven points after
Coach powers took out our
quarters.
plymouth's main showers
were Schneider, who caught
three touchdown passes from
quarterback Tom Lombardo,
and halfback tools, who ran two
touchdowns (as well as warning
another 191 yards). Their kickBr, Phil mother, picked five
points afterwards, and one field
goal from the forty-two in the
second quarter.
As far as total yards gained,
the Pioneers looked pretty had.
We managed to make a total of
only 152 yards compared to
their 493. We lost three female:
and had one pass interpreted.
but fucking were able to hunt
eight times. Grinnell was
up against a team that wall
picked to have a shot at the
number one spot in the center.
once. and was just badly out<
played.
This week we play Lawrence,
and although they usually have
a tough team, they are not that
strong this year. The teams will
be up for the game, but with
the quality we showed against
Beloit. plus the same fine
nerve, we might take another
one.
Come see, Saturday 1:30,
 
1 Dick coleman, Queen for a Day |
(Editor’s note: The 5&1? d2<
layer publication of Richard
Msllnmn'r election as Homecoming Queen because the
indicate significance of the
story seemed better suited
for analysis than sensationalism.)
By IUDITH WALLACE, '68
Grinneli undoubtedly heard
about the mailman episode a:
it happened. I learned of this
piece of crossing fully when T
read the wireeservlce story that
the Toronto Daily Star picked
up.
Perhaps his action was designed to test the new Fair Employment legislation, No men
have yet been
a c c e p t e d
as “running," I
b e l i e v e. but
Grinnell ls try<
'nationally in the event~guide in
such matters The oldest college, etc.. is thus keeping up
I tradition — but it had been
my understanding of the under
thirty scholocracy that it
wishes to do away with trade
sons.
L 1 nova also heard the atom
News
Analysis
that Mr. coleman chortled over
his victory with his career.
“The college speeds all this
money on public relations." he
is reported to have said, “but
look how I got into papers all
over the country for $14.00" (the
reported cost of his campaign).
if one can trust 7118 accounts,
the administration’s handling of
the situation was somewhat input -— or at least packing in
imagination, Mailman could
have simply been disabilities
on a technicality: a queen is a
woman. and Mr. coleman is
not. presumably. . . .
One more comment on this
issue seems relevant, from a
distinguished former Grinnell
student, It is from the noted
west coast student of folklore
and pioneer ethnologist. David
M. Gibsonl
“In-group outlets of this bonus are frequently suspected to
harrasslng ineptitude on the
part ci institutional maliunotionments. This is one of those
cases where discretion would
have been the better part of
verification, as runner Myrdal
has put it no succinctly:
Football Standings
MIDWEST CONFERENCE
STANDINGS
simon
plymouth
St. Olaf .
Cornell
Beloit .
Grinnell . ..
Cos ..
Carleton .
Lawrence
Knox ..
6'00
Mini-tax. Cynlllll. art.“ nl gamma.
anprhuk hint... mix-n rat Olnmzli
ANTI-'I'SIFF
. a =
‘érna _ ,
' THE'MUSCL‘ES
A dangerous proparbtionl
Quick in its motion, aim and planned
Io use. .
sub cell into the bubble: Inch high
and in a than than you will be content
of it. strengthening and stimulating potential.
run-low. r “r box: a;
\nitmtw..uuirhrli.ltltlrvlun
By WILLIAM GRAY
I. M. football has finally shuddered to a half with the OffCampus team being created al
the champion. They compiled a
943 record while liable was 8-1.
good for a second-place finish.
The season could not be consumer as an outstanding success, for the spirit and enter<
siasm which used to service
(percent?) l. M. athletics was
nationally absent. 1 could go
into the reasons for this. but I
have done that all before so I
won’t more you again.
Co—ed intramural festivitlei
are in the office and this promises to be somewhat more stimulating than the conventional
sports. 1 have, for acre invite'locally reason, not been north
suited on the substance of these
activities and it should b3 noted
that my textile imagination 1|
just building with closer ideaap
most of them. unfortunately,
removal. 0h still
The next team sport should
be, according to the scuttlebutt,
volleyball. Since i am sure that
everyone saw this sport during
the Olympics. there are sure to
be some statistical changes in
the philosophy at play. However. the personnel won't be
too much different, so the carrier of play will again satellite
between medicare and instead
(or is it instead and medicare?).
WWW
Girls Duck brake 4-0,
Ouiman Soccer Club,
in Hockey & hockey
By CINDY door
The girls' field hockey team
not lanka last Friday. and
started them Hi It was their
first game; and it showed no
Drinnell's superior stickwurh
and passing monopolized the
game.
In a lighter vein. on Wednes<
day the girls took on the say:
our team in a various game of
“hockey.” Whistles blow badly
as the days tried to adjust to
the more medicine rules of field
etiquette. party Right Wing
banned one in for the boys in
the middle of the first half.
which closed with the girl:
awareness. and I little embarrassed. The boys deﬁlikely had
an advantage in speed and
brown — but the girls processed
the finance that titled the
scales. Bmce Center Forward
made a couple of speeds breakthroughs in the second half. but
the girls were fired and the
streaming defense headed by
cards Halfback started the folk
cards on and 2 quick goals
were scored. The first was I
corner shot by Cindy Wing, and
the second was a penalty fully
with the rather handled feedback
goalie.
The boys think that with a
little more practice it'll be no
sweet — and the girls feel confident enough to take ’am on
again — with a little more wedding this times Ouchl Those
shinsl
ADDRESS HERE:
KNOX REMATCH UP
FOR SOCCER CLUB
The Grinneli Pioneers will brad
val to Knox tomorrow to face
the Siwash in our final soccer
match of the season. The game
is a related of an earlier meeting this season. in which Knox
scored a 3-2 victory.
Coach J o h n Hemingway
thinks that his Pioneers. who
currently have a 3—2 record, will
be up for this game. A victory
would even the score with Knox
for this season and give Grinnell
one of its best records in recent
years.
Harvey Nagpur. the Slwash
left wing, is expected to be the
biggest threat to the Pioneers.
According to Coach ratings
way, he has figured in each of
Knox’s most recent victorian
over Grinneli. Says Hemingway, in commentary on Nagpur,
"He beat us last year and ill
beat us again this year." But
the Pioneers have been drilling
hard and should be ready this
time.
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
235-43“ 92] Broad
 
