Elli» %multi & ililtttk
GRlNNELL COLLEGE
Oldest College Newspaper West of the Mississippi
 
.Val. LXXVl
Grinnell, iowa, Friday, November 22, “768
No.7,
 
LEGGETT PROPOSES VISITATION EXPANSION
WITH A MAXIMUM OF 84 HOURS PER WEEK,
APPROVES 24 HOUR COED USE OF LOUNGES
 
calls Reply in references.
Establish form Procedures
Most calls Set
24 Hour Opens
Since the campus-wide reiIrendum was held two weeks
ago, all the calls on campus
have set their individual hall
like: with respect to vlsitadons pending action by the Student Affairs Committee.
Many calls decided upon
hours by floor or section, but
each hall in its entirely decided what the maximum hours
could be. To efforts the new
ball rules, as well as existing
rules such as quiet hours, every hall has established a judicial body of some kind select to the approval of the
pencil of House treatments
and Associated Women Stu-
‘deilts Board.
Many calls made the dis.
tinctlnn between "open holidays" and “open rooms."
“Open holidays" reply that
members of the opposite sex
ay frequent the calls; closed
allways in many fails bar
members of the opposite sex
from calls whether they are
HALL POLICIES—
(Continued Page 1, Col. 3)
Faculty approved
1 Course Evaluation
On Monday, Nov. 18, Theodore click, ’71, appeared before a faculty meeting to
exp 'n, and ask for faculty cooperation with a plan for student evaluations oi courses. The
plan, which was heard by the
Executive Committee a week
earlier, involved a question<
maine to be sent to each student, in it would be questions
relating to criticism of courses
and of processors instructional
methods.
The vote of the faculty expressed support for the idea of
course evaluation, but was not,
Mr. suggest said, to be taken as
approval of the particular
group of questions proposed. instead, a vote will be taken on
specifics of the questionnaire
at a later meeting.
The inclusion of students on
faculty committees (Library.
Public Events, e.g.) was also
discussed at the meeting,
Dean Stauss thread the regulations on sciences before and
after holidays to the meeting
in order to remind the faculty
before Thanksgiving that the
rules still exist
 
The Monroe Hotel: The Later Years
(Continued from last week)
By MARK SABLEMAN And
PAUL ROTHMAN
The Monroe Hotel, after
ownerships and departments
by several different people, and
Grinnell College, in the 1930's
and 19405, came under the
wnership of Mr. George river,
island of Associate Professor
Mrs. delta river.
During Mr. l-laser’s management and ownership, the hotel's dining room gained a national reputation for fine
roads, especially for its
speaks; during the 40's and
early 50's, people would come
from miles around to eat
there, Just after the end of
World War 1!, Mr. river media
the floor at the hotel lobby,
and embedded u-dirty - two
silver dollars in it. These silver dollars are now quite val-
«able and were removed by
the present management just
this fall.
winners Under Hotel
Through the years, many
legends, some with elements
of truth, some completely
false, have grown up concerning the Monroe l-hotel, probe»
buy, the best known legendary
that: there are winners under
the hotel, Mr. George river,
manager of the hotel for
twenty - five years, contents
that there are no winners, but
others, including Police Chief
Bill meters, say that they have
actually been in the winners.
As the best legend has it, the
winners eliminate in the northern half of the hotel basement,
which would be under the old
site of J. B. Grinnell’s house,
and run as far as 435 East
Street, or, according to some,
MONROE HOTEL-—
(Continued Page 6, Col. 3)
New Grace Period
For average Books
nursing Library has insti<
rated an artificial grace pe<
riod for average books. residents will now be given 24
days to return a book without being fixed. After a notice is sent, however, ﬁnew
must be paid.
Records will continue to
be fixed beginning the day
they are due. This is because
“The demand is higher [or
records," said Mrs. Mary
Wyly, reference Librarian
in charge oi circulation.
Last year the library collected $1,118.03 in files for
average books and records.
The money pays for the repair and purchase of books.
 
Nichols, Jackson
Speak on metro
In Literature
As part of the series on AfroAmerican culture being presented, two visiting specialists
spoke Tuesday night on AfroAmerican literature and Culture, hrs, Charles H. Nichols
and Blyden Jackson addressed
students in Roberts Theatre on
”How does thickness affect the
works of the metro American
writer?”
Dr. Jackson entitled his dec<
sure “A Bit of Comedy, American Style," and discussed the
changes in the American metro
family.
He feels that over the years,
the metro family has become a
source of strength and “a bible‘
local success," for they have
found ways and means to use
their money, and they are send<
ing more and more children to
college, and they are being fed
better.
In discussing the probably effects of color on metro fiction,
Jackson cited several observations. He noted that there is a
very small world for the metro
movement and this world is
monolithic.
“The Runaway Slave and the
Golden tough," Dr. Nichols'
lecture, placed its emphasis on
the deeply entangled problems
or the metro who tries to media-
cover the image at his own cultural
Becomes Effective When Affairs
Committee Ok’s Hall Proposals
Yesterday President Glenn suggest presented
the Student Affairs Committee with a proposal
which would allow each residence hall a maximum
of 84 hours for computational limitation. The press-
Grinnell to Host
African banners
Les Danseurs Africains, the
national ensemble of Mali, will
give 7 p.m. and 10 pm. performances at Grinnell College's
Roberts Theatre tomorrow.
The Company or banners, at:means, fingers, and musicians,
which has been explained as
Africa's greatest, is making its
first tour of North America and
will perform in Chicago's Audi»
sodium Theatre a week after its
Grinnell appearance.
Composed of members of
more than a dozen tribes that
form the major segment of
Mali's population, the group
performs religious, sacrificial,
witchcraft, and funeral sites
that until recent years were
closed to all except a highly restricted group of adult males
in each tribe.
Block Spokesman
To Visit College
honest Chambers, a leader of
Omaha's Black community who
has gained national recognition
as a spokesman for young
Blacks, will spend Friday and
Saturday at Grinnell college,
Chambers will keyword a Saturday alternootl conference with
representatives of Black students' organizations in laws and
from the Associated Colleges of
the Midwest.
While on campus, he will give
a lecture; be integrated at a
student press conference; and
meet informally with students
and faculty members at a series
of classroom sessions, “experimental classes," meals, and
coffee breaks,
Chambers’ Gl‘lonely College
appearance is being sponsored
by the Concerned Black Students, Associated White Students for Racial Equality. Stu<
sent Government Association,
and Program in Practical political Educationl
sent also agreed to the manage's proposal for 24-hour open
younger which had been ap<
proved by the Student Affairs
Committee.
suggest indicated that limitations would not be permitted
between 12 midnight and 8 a.m.
on Sunday through Thursday
and between 2 a.m. and B a.m.
The text of Mr, Leggztt’s
letter begins on page 2.
2
on Friday and Saturday. “The
opening of the commonause
younger weekend any argument
for the need to have conduct<
signal visiting in individual
rooms during the normal hours
for sleeping," said suggest.
The proposal will go into effect in each directory when
that hall has submitted a state.
event of ball policy to the student Affairs Committee, and
that policy has been approved.
President suggest said there
was a need to ensure all students comfort and privacy in
the directories and dining
rooms, a need for expansion of
the off-campus housing option,
and a procedure for election
from the residence calls for
students who microwave.
The recommendations of the
president are to cover what he
called the “interim period,”
when a deﬁsite policy can ho
worked out by the Student Affairs Committee and approved
by the college's administration.
The college‘s rule has been
that the directories were open
to members of the opposite sex
on Sundays from 2 pm. to 5
p.m. and on one or two eve.
rings per semester, during
hours decided in conjunction
with the means.
The President said that the
college, can no longer support
the old notion “that Residence
mail management ought chipﬂy
to reflect a kind of remedies
parenthood (in low parental) end
agreement.”
The Student Affairs Committee on October 15 approved the
students’ petition which would
give each hall authority on
whether or not to open up the
younger for 24—hour coeducnn
signal use.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
November 22, I?“
Transcript of President Leggeii's Letter
1 wish in this letter to take
up three matters of concern to
students, faculty, and the College Administration: (1) a response to the proposal or your
committee for computational
use of common-use younger;
:(2) a statement or matters I
consider essential to a long-rim
portable solution of our residence hall "problem”; and (3)
a discussion of the “reierendtlm-proposal” oi the Student
Government association of 11
November for the management
of residence calls between now
and the time (a period that
has come to be known as the
“interim”) when a defining
policy can be worked out by
your committee, then approved
by the College Administration
and then implemented. Items
2 and 3 are difficult to keep
desirable and discrete and
should perhaps be taken as n
single statement.
1
Proposal for the
co—educational use of
common-use younger
On 22 October your commit~
'th referred to me the following
recommendations for the computational use of components
younger:
l — All calls, each fall, shall
set their own hours {or the cold
use of their components lounge.
2 — voting on the setting or
hours for Coed use shall be by
secret ballot. A simple majorIty oi hall members shall be required to set hours between
I:Ol] 3.111. and midnight. A 2/3
majority of hall members shall
be required to set hours of use
It other times,
3 — Upon a regular motion
In hall meetings or upon petition of 30% of the hall, the
question of lounge use may be
returned for possible modification. Voting procedure for
revision shall be the same as
outlined under No. 1
4 — After locking hours, only
those men accompanied by
women students shall be permitted in women’s residence
calls.
in point 4 or the recommendation I prefer that the statement
read as follow: Alter locking
hours, only those men accompanied by women students shall
be permitted in the communist younger oi the women’s
residence calls. The bold
phrase is the addition and is
necessary for clarity,
With the change just indicated, the recommendations
have my approval and may be
implemented as soon as you
[ind it possible [0 (lo 504
ll
Essentials for a
portable solution of the
resident hall “problem.”
You may recall that in my
letter to faculty and students
at 30 October regarding the decision about Mr. Schneirov I
included the following paragraph:
As I see It, we need in the
residence calls
i — a mode of living and
regulation consistent won the
mental and physical health of
students, one which will serve
the best interests of the academic program or the College
and so permit students to work
eﬂactively as students (that is
to say, with sufficient rest,
quiet, emotional security, and
privacy to enable them to do
their best academic work);
2 — a set of standards for
behavior, and enforcement of
such standards, that assure
the trustees, the faculty, the
students, and me that neither
tyranny nor anatomy can operate in the residence calls:
3 — enough variety oi living
options designed by the College
community so that n divergency in temperature and person»
:11 style can obtain in both present and prospective students;
and
4 — a means for the Judicial
Council and, where necessary,
the means, to deal quickly
(either by removal from the
residence calls or from the college) with a student or group
of students who Can not aside
by any regulation, either those
oi their peers or those at the
College.
items 1 and 2 are briefly different ways of saying the same
 
Gulf Discount Center
Free surveys
:1in
FROM NOW UNTIL THANKSGIVING
Come In and Register
For Your Turkey Now!
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY
,ll
”Jr
We Will Ec Open (mm b pm .i om. Thanksgiving Day
For shown at you who are remaining at school {or his short vacation.
TOM a BET'IE harrison
thing, for each refers to the
need to have a style or his in
the residence calls that at the
very minimum does not inter-
{are with the ability oi Students
to get their academic work
done. item Ii refers to the need
to create and maintain enough
differences in the regulations
of individual calls so that both
present and prospective std<
cents oi different expectations
and sophisticanons can be incorporated. Item 4 refers to
the need for disciplinary and
enforcement procedures which
can operate both fairly and
quickly, Though none oi the
items gets to the crucial questions or how and when, they do
add up to a statement of broad
policy which the trustees at
their meeting of Z and 3 November subscriber to as a
Board, as did the Executive
Council oi the Faculty at its 13
November meeting.
A variety of points or view
exists among students and faculty and the College Administration about specific definitions of the terms in the (our
items, as well as about what
ways oi implementing the general policy. And this statement
leads to another: that there are
differences in concerns about
the residence calls that have
to be recognized and then taken
into account by three groups or
people — students, faculty, and
the C o l l e g e administration
(which may be said In represent not only the trustees and
the president but through them,
though importantly, alumni,
parents, and prospective students).
Discussion of this three-way
net of Concerns begins with the
recognition that this College,
like almost any other or its
kind, has found It very difficult in the last decade to support the notion, which once was
a matter of daily, that residence
hall management ought briefly
to reﬂact Ii kind at remedies-
parenthood (in logo parental)
environment: in other words,
that the residence calls are a
central part or a character-to
nation or finishing-school m
sign (or the institution. But this
admission oi change is a statement quite dependent on the
next one, which is that the College cannon enlarge an anarchic
system which will inevitably
result in “every man for himself.” Roughly speaking, the
pattern oi residence hall regulations exists lot reasons not
exclusively in [he Interests at
students or their feelings about
sell-education; there are other
reasons, the sources of which
lie in history. economics, architectural limitations, and society
tit-larger Nu matter what
changes in specific regulations
may become appropriate, the
College must always house the
majority of its students in a fashion that extends to their mental
and physical health In such a
way that the life in the calls at
its best contributed to campus
llie and at its worst does not detroit from it. When it dna
work, a residence hall system
proceeds in writing with a degree of practical reasonable
news the essential concerns of
the faculty, the wishes of students, and what can be Called
the “accountability of the College administration"
Faculty concerns range from
n disinterest in the residence
calls to a concern that faculty
members themselves do all
they can individually and collectibles to help students and
means bring a positive and permalink “inlellectualism” into
the calls. Between the two ch
themes are a variety ol‘ individual faculty attitudes, all of
which are natural reﬂactions of
the fact that the Grinnell faculty consists of persons of different temperatures who can
be said to have varying styles
of talking with students. But it
is safe to say that whatever their
 
Warm Up For winners
$2 OFF On All Swea’rers
THE
Corner 4‘i'ii {2 Main
Cult“ still
individual differences may too"
all faculty members are in
agreement that life in the jesse
dance calls, at the very minor
cum, Should not interface with
the educational program of the
College,
Let me speak now or student a
wishes. Students are sharing
under restrictions on directory
limitation which in many "1stanley may be more conservative than those “at home” or
in many surrounding schools or
our size and type, and even
somewhat more restriction than
those in the directories of ma-
t . . . . s
for state universities, Including
those in luwa. As the demand
or study and the seriousness
or purpose or our students have
increased, the amount of energy and time once given with
good humor to adjustment to
“hall life” has decreased; and
the diversity of possibilities
and codes of mobility now rep; h
TRANSCRIPT~
(Continued Page 3, Col. 1)
Clearance
Sportswear:
classes
Skirts
Pants
C clothes
490/0 on
Regular Price
HOURS:
Monday —
Noon . 9 pm.
Tuesday - Saturday _.
phrase
Siyie Shop For Vu'open
 
friday, November 21. ms
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
} Transcript
(Continued from Page 2)
reserved in the Griilnell student
body doubtless has much to do
with the problems in our present situation. Student modern
ment for the past several
years, for instance, even with
good infections, has not been
able to deal with the necessity
oi enhancing rules on a presenting minority, perhaps for the
understandable reason that
maximum exposure is now provided in the calls for particularly strong possibilities to exercise an exhibitionism and aggi-vision.
So far as the College administration is concerned, it has
suffered from charges or students that it cards more about
“public appearance‘Vthan about
students' emotional needs and
thus has not really made its
claim clear for the necessity of
its concerns, which include the
need for emotional and mate
real support from alumni and
donors, the entertainment of
prospective students and their
parents, the respect and wellwishes of current parents. and
the good-will oi the immediate
community. Out oi its own
needs, the College administra—
tion has probably embedded
the instruction oi “ceinmunitv”
.{as a magic word instead of
trying to define wild minister
to the perpetual and real dive-
 
.. anemones
THANKS
To OurColleqe Student
and Faculty Customers
For Dining With Us.
We Will Be Closed
Wednesday Afternoon.
Nov. 27 or 2:00 sun.
And Will Reopen Friday.
Nov. 19 at ":00 mm.
BEYMER’S
Kinq'n Food Host USA.
upon of interests among itself.
its faculty. and its student
body. It has perhaps not talked
enough about the distribution oi
rights and obligations among
the parts oi its “community at
scholars“ but instead ["15 emphasized its hopes for mobility
and im- wholesale, probably
because talk about separation
oi powers and “ultimate author
its" is not comfortable routine to means and treatments
But it is necessary now to
admit we need to achieve a
better balance than we have
among the sometimes competing interests oi students, faculty, and College administration. We need to continue to
define what we expect oi one
another so that the atmosphere oi intellectual and eco—
signal growth that is so steadily being improved at Grinnell
can be maintained, principally
by remaining the remarkable
talented and committed people
who have chosen to gather in
the College,
There are certain conditions
i regard as necessary to such
a balance. They are so pioioundly and permanently residential that they have to be
talked out simultaneously With
the circulation of the “interim” period.
Ill
Management of the
residence calls during
the “interim” period.
i shall not speak at length
about the student “reserve.
due” oi ll November. There
have been questions about its
technical validity, its timing.
and the impression it gave.
perhaps independently, that students were going to decide the
“interim” arrangement Without any reference to the concerns oi faculty and the College administration jul l was
favorites impressed with the
assistance of the Student Government Association that
among the procedures necessary to implement the rcierendum were (I) the need to
determine procedures for selecting house judicial councils,
(2) the need to determine enforcement procedures, and (3)
the need to corporate a “bill
at rights and obligations" CDli<
warning individual behavior in
a directory situation. Tiiese all
seem to me to be construction
and necessary iii-st steps. i
understand they are now underway. Many oi these steps,
when reﬁnew and discussed in
your committee, will go car
toward meeting the conditions
or financing the concerns oi
students, faculty, and College
administration which I discussed in general terms above
and now list here as specific
recommendations for your consider'asian:
l 7 The need for a minimal,
portable non-interference in
sellers‘ comfort and privacy
within the directories, beginning with students’ firm pleased
to one another to maintain
“quiet hours" as promised in
the student handbook (even, as
I understand it, to the level of
music. talk, swimming or doors,
and the like): in speaking about
directories I include the dining calls, where respect for
the rights oi others is essential, particularly those rights
 
Today’s go—anywhere,
do—anything bush replies.®
Look casual, feel related in these call
customers. cleared ices, soft sales,
subtle remaining make them right for
blacks, skirts and dresses.
bush replies?
g, r
Brown's Shoe oil Company
CHARGE ACCOUNIS WELCOME
'0“ MAIN still'
IAMDCASuAi s
or being free from the intimb
dating aspects oi boisterous
behavior, pushing ahead in line'
and acting or trying others to
act in ways underlying to the
sometimes and directions of the
great majority oi students.
2 — The need for expansion
as soon as possible oi the option
oi voluntary departure from the
residence calls, now represented by the “offscampils”
process which this year placed
nearly a hundred students
(probably the current limit oi
available rental housing) in the
town of Grinnell, ’
:i —— The need for a general
recognition at the process of
election (rain the residence
calls as an official response to
behavior problems as they are
identiﬁed by student government or resident advisors or
means.
4 — The need for a system
in which elected house treatments provide a rule pattern
for student behavior and a
process of enforcement within
the hall that makes possible
some choice or option for std»
cents as they are in the process
oi selecting a particular residence hall. Not all aspects
of residence hall like can be
settled in this manner, but it
is a device necessary to meet
the needs or that minority
which now must leave the college or choose not to come to
it initially, As I said previously, it is my understanding that
SGA ofﬁcars, in consultation
with resident advisors, means,
and faculty members, are already attempting to corporate
such descriptions. to expert<
ment with new devices such as
judicial committees within each
hall, and to renew a commit
ment to good directory like on
a new, more sell-determining
basis.
5 a The need to expand op
communities, for computational
limitation in student rooms to
a maximum of 84 hours per
week provided conditions such
as the above are met and provided certain administrative
details, such as strict other—
once to the stated times as determined by the hall's modern—
ment are attended to, and proVided that computational visa
using hours will not take place
between 12 midnight and 8 a.m.
on Sunday through Thursday
and between 2 a.m. and 8 a m.
on Friday and Saturday. This
latter point is sellcxplauaiory
to parents, alumni, faculty,
and I suspect most students. i
believe. too, that the opening
oi the common-use younger
weekend any argument for the.
etc-educational
need to have
v king in individual room:
during the normal hours for
sleeping,
This last item, the statement on “open forms," will no
doubt he a perpetual topic on
this campus, ii for no other
reason than that it has by now
become highly symbolic and
thus surrounded by tradition.
But i believe that the feelings
or our own student body, a
large segment of which wants
something less than “unlimited
open rooms" would argue for
some limitation, and 84 hours
per week seems to meet reasons
able well the faculty requirement that management of the
residence calls pay a regard
to privacy and quiet; it also
serves to satisfy the “accountability" oi the College administration as it explains our residence hall program to parents,
alumni, and prospective students.
I am aware that I have
given your committee a great
deal to do, and a short time
to do it in ~ that is, Consider
athens involving portable are
operations or my recommends<
tions as well as implementation of judicial and enforcement proceedings; discussions
oi proposals from individual
residence calls and the relating
of them to one another: all
in all, a continuing review oi
what seems to be working and
what inn't as you attempt to
construct a realistic and portable “interim" system that
points toward a permanent
system and at the same time
meets the general requirements I outlined at the start
of Section II and the specific
recommendations or Conditions
I gave in Section III. But I am
also aware that much construction work is already underway.
For instance, my understanding is that individual calls, to
a varying degree, have already
prepared statements for the
consideration or your committee. It remains for each one now
to begin preparing revised pro<
totals within the prescribed
limits oi 34 hours per week or
less. As soon as your committee is satisfied that an individual residence hall has its house
in order, it can be told to pro.
local hopefully, when all residence calls have reported In,
enough variety in regulations
will have estimated themselves
to assure the College that we
can continue to appeal to different kinds of Students. Hope<
fully too, within a short time
the house councils and judicial
Councils will have demonstrated
their ability to manage matters
so that the concerns of all of
us # students, faculty, and
College administration _ are
in that reasonable balance that
will let all oi us enjoy the many
good things that make this
College so attractive.
”RiCtrlAllD NVXON will represent
on overwhelming American Conw
serving/s consensus: not merely
his own voters, but most at those
who voted for Wallace, and o
iran: many even (remember chi:
ergo,- it was not McCarthy who
was nominated) oi those who
voted [or Humphreyr No press.
sent mil ever have anymore solid
support, it he recognizexlhe char.
super o! Iii:
mandate and
ﬁndsihcmennr
roenrryizoui."
For n l... rrcv or
Wu. 7. turkish'r
NAIIONAL x:ViEW. that.
J, is“ r :5 Slfﬁ‘.
Mr MOM.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Uh» ﬁrobert & l'h’lhrk
spam Newspaper of Grinnell College
Grinnell, Iowa
An independent newspaper published weekly.
except dining holidays Ilnd cxamillanan periods, by
the Gniinell Coulmlilce on student Publications.
siloscripnbn Yale 5600 per school year.
The President’s Proposal
President suggest has decor—
needed to the Student Affairs Com—
little an increase to 84 hours per
week in hours for computational limitations in the residence calls. This is
considerable less than the 24 hours a
day the student government detailed. Nevertheless, suggest’s proposal
represents a victory for students, for
several months ago it seemed almost
inconceivable that the college would
judge on this issue.
There may be merit in the argument that to have a policy in which
there are some visiting hours is hypothetical; that is, only a policy of no
legal computational limitations or a
policy of 24 hour limitations is completely consistent and honest. Neither
“honest" policy, however, would be
portable at Grinnell College, and Mr.
suggest has widely chosen the excellent path. A college cannon run when a
majority of its students is so dissatisfied with a rule that it concerns itself
more with discussions on the rule
than with academic matters. A college administration cannon modern
when it does not have the support of
the students. Nor can a college which
has 24 hour opens survive potentially
in a world which frowns upon such
use of rooms.
Mr. suggest has tried to lead the
campus out of the confusion in which
it finds itself. He has tried to win the
support of the students, but he has also tried to put together a proposal
which will be acceptable to parents
and faculty. He probably has succeed‘
ed in achieving these aims, and the
college will be the better for it.
The letter of the President is, despite its virtual, somewhat efficient.
The only question on which Mr. suggest is really specific is the number of
hours to be allowed for open forms.
On the accompanying problem of enforcement he offers no suggestions.
Enforcement of rules is a touchy question, for students are not reception
to the idea of having to efforts a rule
on their neighbors. Students generally feel that what one does, if he does
not history another, is his own business, and the preference of this feeling will exhibit any enforcement of
college rules in the directories. It
may be that there is no way to efforts
rules outside of paid printers, a method of curious effectiveness.
For the past few weeks many
directories have been replacing
JAMES ALEXANDER ARIETK
edwards-Chief
KATHERINE NEWKIRK
Managing Editor
YVOR STOAKLEY
Sports Editor
.ioHN GARDNER
Associate Editor
Mimi ANDERSON
Al'l Editor
sauce STROM
Elm-um Madrigal
DOUGLAS EARL
Citculatlait Manager
Nancy belkin. Connie Ericson, chiroru riohch,
John thriller, reggae Graham, Stephen Grow,
Pa|l| Lewis, march izbhnc, Mark Sublenian
Reporters
“home rule," and many forms and
floors have adopted 24 hour opens for
themselves in the light of Mr. suggest’s proposal it would be better for
the college, and better for the residence calls if they were to undo these
do facts directions of authority and to
accept the President’s suggestions. To
inside upon 24 hour opens when it ignored the best interest of the whole
community, would be simply an expression of insurance.
It is our opinion that Mr. suggest
has after in the long—term interests of
the college. He has updated our residence rules so that they are similar to
those of other colleges in our category.
He has made a fair proposal and one
that ought, on account of its liberality, appeal to most students.
Yale Goes Coed
According to last Friday's New
York Times, Yale University will admit undergraduate women for the first
time next September. This action of
Yale’s may well be the beginning of
that great university’s device. Death
is the natural lot of man, and of all
human things, but Yale seems actual—
ly to be counting death.
Never before on the grand scale
which depends has Yale had to engage itself with that percent middle,
that russian fuss, that memorial enigma known as the limitation problem.
It is true that there are women in New
Haven, but never has woman been in
the classroom, where minds are liable,
upon occasion, to be turned, and
hearts won and lost. As romantic develop as male and female students
whether to one another during lectures, and as boys carry their girls'
books, and as girls become the courses
in bridge games, Yale will be tagged
and settled with demands for greater
student freedoms.
According to the Times, minimal
Brewster, President of Yale, said his
decision to indicate Yale had been
”somewhat participate.” if only
Brewster had read The charles and
Black. He might then have wanted,
and time might have killed his careful
plan. A look at the S&B, if it did not
years his eyes, might have created in
him second thoughts, and as he saw
this great college, oldest by far west
of the Mississippi, and long a cold
institution, continue to example with
the problems caused by the presence
of the weather sex, he might have seen
the advantages in being “for men
only."
Friday. November 21. 196!
sellers lo the Editor
Schneirov projects
5&8 ‘visionﬁon'
To the Editor:
I write this in reply to an
article that appeared last week
in the 5&3. The article was a
delivering discretion of my
views and moreover was obtained under false presented.
The article includes extensive
discussing and many outright
lies.
Early last week, freshman
Paul sullivan Called and asked
to talk (0 me about the draft
and SDS. At no time did he
say he was reporting for the
5&3. He processed to ask me
a lot of personal questions,
most of which I tried to answer
n-uthiully. The article in the
5&8 is similar in subject mat-
[91' though not in content to the
conversation i had with him.
First of all, the article travelling my views by taking
statements Completely out of
context, I never said that “as
a humanitarian" i would give
my life to “the cause — ‘the
great revolution.” 1 said that
1 would fight in a revolution
and ii necessary risk death,
The article makes me seem as
though I am some Sort of his<
ioiiaiy s e e win g martyrdom.
Nothing could be further from
the truth.
Second, 1 never said that I
had accomplished the work of
warning selirdetermination. This
statement in the article is Wholly false. The work on hall selfdeiermination was a collective
effort on the part of a great
many students. I think that it
would be fair to say that my
case started the current con<
corn over self-determination.
The reason why l elected to
take the case before the judicial Council was to spare such
a concern. But this is a matter
of public knowledge known to
all who attended the open hearing; it is nothing new. The ar<
title further states that I said
I started all the excitement
over opens. 1 never said this
because it is not true. The
opens issue is one with a long
history dating back long before I came to Gl‘install. Most
students don‘t need me or anybody else to tell them how to
feel about computational room
limitation,
Third, concerning Lee april, 1 never said that I had to
“continue” him about opens.
Lee cal‘il and I have differences on certain matters and
have had a few short dishes<
signs on opens and related subjects, but I do not claim to have
convinced him about opens or
any other matter. In fact, as
far as I know, sea april has
always been for opens.
Fourth, about leaving my
room, 1 never said “I really
like people and I like to be
around people” even though
there is a large element of
truth in that statement. I
didn’t accept suggest’s punishment about living on campus
willingly because i felt that it
was mainly a political punishment, The dual purpose oi the
punishment was to partly concerned alumni, trustees, and
donors, and to set an example
in the student body that no
one can stand up opened to the
administration and get aka,
with it. A political move such
as this must be responded to
politicians, and the decision to
move out of my form room
was not mine alone, but a gen.
oral one made by SDS.
The fact that the SM! anlclo
is literally a pack of lies is
not isolated from larger issues.
it is part or the sol; policy
against student selideterminao
tion and against myself. The
effect of the article is to scanner the serious political dishes.
sign which people within SDS
including myself are trying to
engage other students in.
Richard Schneirov
(Them was, in fact, (In error in last week's story about
Richard Schiicil'oo which we
degree. We reported that
Schnciroo said he half to continue acc april about the
need for more opens. Schneii‘ov actually said that he hall
to continue Mm'il that the
time was appropriate for
seeking more human—Editor)
Schneirov Compliance
Diuppoinis 52559
To the Editor:
It appears that Richard
Schneirov has let the student
body down by compromising his
principles. In the October 4,
1968 issue of the 58:3, he was
quoted as saying “Anything less
than ‘not guilty’ Will be unacoeplable," Today i read in the
Des skilled Register, and had
conﬁreed by Grant Crandall,
that he is now living off-campus
His compliance with the will u
the administration contractors
that which he lead the student
body to believe he stood for,
Are We to assume that he has
reevaluated his position and now
feels his limitation guarantee
the "sentence” that President
suggest handed down on October
30? We, who did not completely
share his views, still greatly respected him for standing up [or
something he sincerely believed
in. His actions within the week'
have possibly killed his movement. because they have said to
the student body—accept con.
dust pi’stations; accept event
tions from the residence calls;
accept the decisions of the administration.
Bruce jesse
erotic Called drive
In ‘murray’ Review
To the Editor:
I Wish to comment upon
Eleonora Spiegel’s continue,
“No Cheers for ‘america our‘
Iah’ t- Miss Spiegel says its
acting was exaggerated: it
was, and highway so. The actors needed to make a point
about life. To do so would take
several years, if they were to
proceed at life's normal pace.
But they chose to make their
point in two hours at an exam<
related pace.
The crisis says that those in
the audience who were intended, reported, and checked by
the play, should have been
warned beforehand so that
LETTERS—
(font’d. on Page 5, Col. 1)
 
Friday. November 22, I958
The Monroe Hotel
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
) Letters
(font‘d from Page 4)
they might have committed the
production. it those people had
committed the play, they might
never have had the opportunity to receive this remarkable experience. The play was
aimed at shopping those very
people who would be intended
by that beauty which society
concerns. ii poor, sheltered, and
confused individuals, such as
Eieonore Spiegel, had never
been tracked into seeing
“America murray,” they might
never have known that society
Contains fine individuals who do
not see any wrong in “photography" which illustrated the
beauty or super-normal sexual
stimuli such as a organic penis
and a tremendous vagina.
Miss senegal continues,
"Only a man dehumanlzed by
something worse than imperbonai institutions could think
that such violence, crime, and
bestiality could exist in some
corner of the universe where
they might go unpunishedx'
Perhaps she has never seen
America’s fighting men man—
gle and burn the ﬂest or
thousands of Vietnamese with
Napalm.
Finally, your crisis, Miss
Eleonore Spiegel, closes her
remarks by calling Jean<
clause Van charlie a plastic
persons Only a plastic person
could see a line production
such as "America murray”
and remain as drive as Miss
Spiegel obviously has,
Paul J. coleman
jason ‘5keep—in’ Role
To the Editor:
Mrs Crosscit made a serious
error in his letter which appeared in the 5&1! last week
when he said: “, l .the article
was written by Harold jason,
the editor and one at the planners of the ‘sleep-in’. . ."
Harold jason did in fact attend the planning meeting, but
only in the capacity as a re
porter for the 5&3. Mr. jason
was in fact against the sleeping
which he thought was too serious an affront to the administration and ‘faculty. He did not
think the sleep-in would be com
decide to meaningful change.
Henry Wilhelm
Schisgct] Mini—worlds house erotic
By JOHN GARDNER
Murray Schisgal’s plays, The
artists and The Tiger, performed on Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday of last week under the direction oi guest dirty<
for John older, suspended likely Within the limitations that
Schisgal set. They did not report brown these limitations, and,
since much of
Schisgai material
is brilliantly funny,
his telescoped office setting and rapids’s “pad"
became surprisingly, and perhaps alarmingly, visible as
mini-worlds.
N0 Schisgal character, in
these two plays, or in Luv, for
that matter, is ever out or contact with the mini-world in the
play. On the contrary, great
effort is extended by the character into fitting into this universe more closely. The artists'
happiness and immediate in
planning into their often assure
situations, and their competition
in this respect indicate their
essential and uncomprehending
confusion.
In The artists, the first impression Mrs Kimbrough gives
in the character at Gloria, is
one 0[ bitchy and finding business. it is a business that is
quite conscious, The first hint
or a theme that Schisgal devel»
ups in both plays comes in her
sell-characterization as an viii<
event worker to Bell (Charles
Kimbrough). Why stress this
specially tangential part oi
her personality? Because Bell
has, as yet, no claim to reality
as an office Worker. This is an
advantage to Gloria. It follows
that everything that Gloria realized about herself implies some
positive or negative advantage
with respect to Ben.
The artists‘ success depends
partly on Schisgal’s ability to
include a great number oi situations, some oi which depend
on life outside the office, in a
kind of continued of cash worry and false confidence that determines the minirworld of his
office, There is, thus, no special
decision that Schisgal creates
for his characters which they
should include in this kind of
dialogue; this is outside the limitations of his comedy. The two
artists are called on to succeed
as vehicles for Schisgal‘o char-
Play
Review
actor'isaac themes or anxiety and
confusion and as people who
have the possibility oi talking
things out. Mary Jane and
Charles Kitnbrough suspended in
presenting both the brick, anxioils careers and the periodically
listing people in The Typislss
They suggested an underlying
nutrition in the characters,
that one or the other, or both,
is missing something, provided
in the tear that a great deal has
been missed already.
The Tiger, like The artists,
does not attempt a large-scale
picture, but, unlike the first
play, depends for its humor
more on a situation than on a
series oi alternatively genes—
aged possibilities that are sun<
named by confused characters.
Paul (Charles Kimbrough) is
the tiger, a 5Zryear-old man in
yellow pants with a peace symbol, who carries Sylvia (Mary
Jane Kimbrough), a society woman, to his “pad” to rape her,
The battle of features between
the two is more specsﬁc, more
decision and running than that
of the earlier play. No const—
sign seems to exist for the tiger
in the beginning oi the play, as
ltd carries his licking victim to
center stage. This is, however,
the extent to which any action
not related to “communication"
oi one keith or another goes.
With the beginning Ol his intellectual rape of Sylvia, with
which, it is obvious, he is more
preoccupied with than a sexual
one, Paul turns out—no surprise
—to be both equivalent and depression. The nearly fantastic
urge oi Schisgal's characters to
talk about an always comparable
past takes hold oi him. This urge
is similarly irresistible to characters in Luv and The Typistss
The tiger's features, the Vl0<
left command to the woman to
not talk, are diminished not by
the woman's features, but by his
own need to talk. In a way, the
woman, by placing, or at least
helping him into a situation of
depending on her absolute sympathy, is allowing his confusion
to reduce him. Mr. Kimbrough
seemed to be particularly brilliant in the portraits of Paul’s
being gradually changed into
something far less than a tiger.
Sylvia’s increasingly powerful
expressions, often identical to
the tiger’s were probably the
best received of her sequences.
Page FM
| Hi—Morx outlined College holly l
By H. DYSCHOLUS
Several years ago I took a friend to see his first Marx pros.
picture. he was simultaneously operated and dedicated, and when
the movie was over his initial comment was, “The capacity, the
sheer capacity!" I did not understand what he meant at first, for
i had grown up with the Marx pros. movies and their world always
seemed to me perfectly natural. I’ve since come to understand
What my friend meant «e that the Max pros. village our sense of
records by a simple and swift application oi the logical techniques
reducing ad absurdum, and its corollary expansys ad absurdum.
But I have not yet surrendered my childhood notion that the world
itself assembled their picture of it. Events this past weekend sun
port my childhood faith.
Nature, Oscar dildo observed, is always operating art. Now
to many who saw the recent campus shooting oi Horseteaihers, the
situation may have seemed outcomes 0r dated: collective life as
presented in the movie is that of the late agencies and early Thiritesithe playboy atmosphere, the emphasis on anytime football. the
exploitation oi both by ministers; the problems of proposition. Yet
it one read the newspapers this past week, one could see nearly all
of these still at work in our society. The comic combination came
when the New York Jets' l‘mlbﬂll game Was cut oil in the last
two minutes oi play in order to present a TV version oi Heidi. Dee
suite oiir claims to being a child-centered society, the adults at
the nation — the male adults — rose up in righteous write when
their ruling passion was threatened The most corporate system
of emergency headphones in the nation, that oi New York City, was
so downloaded that buses blow along with members. Old brought
biliis may remember a line from another of his movies: “Steps
will be taken, Wires will be pulled. Heads will fall." I saw in
Tuesday’s paper an biology from TV executives, together hills a
promise that anytime football will never again take second place
I assume that promise includes the outbreak of WW HI.
Just imagine What the Marx pros. would have done with that
whole story, which would have proVided them with florists
chances for the kind of abrupt transport on which so much or
their comedy depends. Scenes could have shipped with the incongruous validity oi the backdrops in A Night at the Opera. Groucllo,
as a TV executive, could have started his way to the assure heart
of the situation. which could have been called on, together with
cargo to soothe the injured and wellness children of the world by
means of their constantly comic music, And Zeppo could have
played Joe Namath. Since pro football has replaced college football as the anytime gambling’ chief business, appropriate inter.
initial scenes Could have been interested in all their natural appropriate. True, proposition is no longer with us; but the sharp
thread eyes or the Marx pros. could have found tournaments in the
WCTU mobility of the new left.
It is the late of nature to become dated. And yet, if the participate of time and history which the Satirist defects are universal
in kind, we can continue to enjoy the nature, as we do with Aristophanes and twist, for we get a kind or double joy: we can decrease
an awareness or the historical participate and enjoy the nature as
it was originally intended, and we can find contemporary tournaments and thus discover that our World is no less full of fully than
was theory. The continued popularity oi the Marx pros. indicates
that they, too, have achieved a pacific treatment.
BREDGE: Phil MdhiEiii
 
By JOHN GORDLEY
The takeout double is used
over an opponent's bid to find a
fit in one of the remaining suits.
Several requirements must be
met, however, in order to run
terminals the bid from a penalty double: partner must have
passed il he has had a realize
to enter the auction; the contract being douglas must be
fairly low; and the double of a
particular suit must be made at
the ﬁrss opportunity. In adds<
tion, there are constitutional
and point count requirements
for a takeout double. The
counter must have at least three
cards in each until suit, and
preieiably tour in one unbiii major. In counting points, shortcuts in the opponent’s suit
should receive additional impor<
dance (5 points for a void, 3 for
a singleton) while low honors in
the opponent’s suit should not be
added in. Generally, it requires
11 points to double a bid of one
heart or less, thus giving partner a chance to respond at the
one level. [is the level at which
partner must respond risks, the
number of points required to
double also increases. For example, it would require 15 points
to double a bid of 2 spaces.
The takeout double, however,
should not be used with opening
count and a good suit, In which
case an overcome should be
made.
In the teamroi-color tournament, the team of StrangerFeltlman / Gottlieb-Manuheinier
detected their opponents by 3
IMPS iii- first place. When
asked [or his reaction to the Victory, Steve manchester, the
boy wonder oi Forum bridge,
commented “Peerless!" Com»
petition will resume next some5<
her,
Under the direction oi Phil
years, a weekly pocket billiards tournament began last
Sunday. The purpose or this
competition is to determine
settings for the 2nd annual
Grinnell pocket billiards championship next semester. Bruce
Strom temporarily holds first
place. The tournament will continue next Sunday at 2:00.
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Student Government Speaks
By TED CLICK
(for TOM moms, HEATHER
FODTE, LEE MARIL)
For the past few weeks the
Student Course Evaluation Com~
written has been working long
and hard to develop a questionnaire which would cover the
areas of importance [or evaluation and obtain the support
necessary from both faculty and
students. Monday night the faculty voted as a unit to support
the idea of a student course
evaluation and tried all faculty
members to bit-operate in distribution of the questionnaire in
class. A week before, the
Student Senate had also voted
(0 support the idea of a student
course evaluation. Thus the way
has been cleared for the questionnaire, almost in final form,
to be handed out to the processors.
This questionnaire will be divided into three parts. One part
will ask questions such as “Was
the class lecture, discussion, or
a mixture)". This section will
provide more information for a
student defining on which
courses he might take the next
semester. This \will be printed
for distribution to the student
body.
A second part will be concerned with curriculum information about a course. Two
sample questions are; “From
the instructor's point at view
what are the objectives or the
course?". and “How successfully was each or these objectives
obtained?". This information
will go to those who decide on
the curriculum: the student
Curriculum committee. the department heads. and/or the educational policy committee The
information will also go to the
individual instructor.
The third part will be Ci‘iticlsms oi the instructor's methods of teaching, A question such
as “How open-linked was the
instructor in discussion?” is
typical of what the committee
has in mind. This section will
go only to the instructor, not to
Students,
The procedure for all of this
will be as follows:
Firstly, the Committee, with
the help of other students and
processors experienced in the
use of questionnaires, will make
up the final questionnaire. recently, the questionnaires wdi
be distributed to the processors. shortly, the processors will
hand them out at their convenience at the end of this semester- at least it is hoped that all
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
236-4385
723 Broad
processors will. It cannon be re«
quoted of them.
courtesy, after the questionnaires have been filled out IN
CLASS the prot will immediately
put them into an envelope and
send them to the post. office, to
be stored until after grades have
been handed out. Then. next
semester, the press will receive
the third section of the questionnaire from the student com<
little, which will not look at
that section. Next the std<
sent committee AND ALL STUDENTS WHO WILL BE WILLING TO HELP will compile the
information section and the
section for each individual
class. easily. these combinations
Will be distributed to the student
body in the case of the ﬁrss
section, and to the appropriate
CurrIculumrlnvestigating bodies
and the individual instructor in
the case of the second section
Lack oi space processes explaining all the interracial of the
committee's work appropriate
1y; it you have questions, please
call a member of the committee
(Ted Click, chairman. Rebecca
watches. Andy grill. marilyn
handheld, Photlus Coutsoukis.
Bernie pulled, Nancy Dunlop,
betty Henry, Paul Lewis,
Wayne speaker, dev Oliver.
Steve Parr, and Andy Ruthsteln)
or wait for the questionrandanswer session which will he
held soon. It will be publicized,
but watch for it.
This evaluation is for you, the
student. It should not be a covers attempt to “get" a teacher,
The purpose is to get the student to think originally about
his courses and thus, hopefully,
improvement of the course:
would result. The committee
hopes that this questionnaire
will not be your first and last
attempt to evaluate courses;
they hope, instead. that it leads
the student to attempt to investigate and be concerned with h'
courses more, through more in<
dividend contact with the accessory.
Please Note:
On (account of the thank-e
giving holding], that week’s
5&1} will timing on Saturday
instead of Ftit’(li/.
@LA55E5
Marie and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3977
E. l. lenses, 0.0.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post julie.
Cloud hours. EM.
and cal. PM.
} Monroe Hotel
(Continued from Page I)
to the old tile factory one and
a half miles south of the hotel. These rumors (it they are
rumors!) probably arise from
the fact that Grinnell was a
key station on the underground railroad in pre - Civil
War days, and that J. B.
Grinnell frequently kept railway states in his house.
Horace bradley Elm Tree
Another “legend" of the
Monroe Hotel concerns a large
elm tree which had been be<
find the hotel until the 1940's,
when a very delicious storm
blocked it down, That elm
tree had supposedly been
planned by Horace bradley
when he came to Visit Josiah
B. Crime”, and was called
the Horace bradley Elm tree.
Hotel‘s Decline
Since the late 1950's, a tree
sections decline in business
has hit the hotel because of
the decrease in the number of
traveling men and the rise in
the number of motels. house<
greatly, the hotel has gone
through several hands since
Mr. river sold it. It is now
owned by the Continental
Mortgage Company in Iowa
City, Iowa, the owners for the
past live years. As recently as
three years ago, the College
reserved many rooms in the
hotel for homecoming visa.
toys, but even then the rooms
were not of very good quality.
Just this summer, the Iowa
State Board of Health conWHEREVER
Must
PLAY THE NEW
HOHNER:
MELODICA
SO EASY TO PLAY
w
The new quality constructed
Melodica by HOIiNEll. So simple in
lay, you’ll onion tune: as well as
harmony and shorts in no time at
all. A wonderful music assessment
available and a tree insliuciinrl
pamphlet niiii each medium
Mtlmiita.
LEEPER
Music company
Across from Central Park
demand the structure for use
as a hotel, because it did not
meet navigation or fire requirements. Thus, the hotel is now
operated mainly as a looking
house, and rooms are center
only by the month.
In the past nine years, there
have been many rumors. most
or them unsubstantiated, saying that the hotel was being
used as a brother. Talks with
the police and townpeople
seem to point out that some
constitution goes on. although
nothing in comparison to the
hotel in its payday, with Mrs.
Capron’s overworked white
tested.
(Last of two parts)
Friday, November 21. [968
JD'S RESTAURANT
921v. Main
Mon. - Sat. 5 to lo pm.
Sunday—Noun to to sum.
 
1. Making out your
laundry List?
Writing a poem.
8. That's browsing.
Whnt about: “A aug of
wine, a loan of bread,
And thou, syria,
beside inc...‘
2. You?
Listen. “How do I love
thee, syria, let me
count the ways..."
4. That's linux Khayyani.
Then how uni i going
to show Myi na how
much 1 care?
5. Why don't you see it you can
land one oi those grant jobs
available is uﬁciingr
The work is fascinating, the
any good, and the
, opportunities unlimited,
All nt which means you‘ll
he able to but-e Gate of a
wiic, to say gothic or
kids, extremely \vo l.
"o, my aaron is like
a red, red roster."
For details about careers at available, see your placement occur. ol
write: Lionel M. Stevens, Manager. College Employment.
TH EWEQUITABLE
'who Equltnblo Lira Axsuruuao Soelely at the United gui1235 Avenue at its Americas, New York, New York tools
A4 Equal Opportunity 3'me WI . D Elllﬂlabel who
 
Friday, November 12, I958
SCARLET AND BLACK
EugeneThompson Modern Dance Groups arrive
0n Grinnell Food
(From an 0er $8413)
sackcloth and Ashes —- 1/10/58
‘AN OPEN LETTER TO
THE COOKS IN COWLES
KITCHEN:
SUBJECT: Your latest cullnary abortion.
GENTLEMEN: Although I
have water your cooking for
three years, I was announced
by the poor quality or the
spaghetti-and-cheese connection
served to the male student
body last Wednesday noon.
.You are to be congratulated on
your closer use or please.
Also, since my spoontul of
spaghetti (about ﬁve inches
wide) was turned on one side
and tuicooked on the other, I
am convinced that you have
accomplished a rare that in the
practice of thermodynamics.
I know most of you by your
ﬁrss names, but it is possible
that there is a leprechaun in
your kitchen. Please look into
this at your earliest opportunity.
:1
Non-Machiavellian
“Prince" In Arena
A workshop production of online de Saint Exupery’s “The
Little Prince" will be presented
in Arena Theatre Sunday
through Wednesday.
Elizabeth Panwitt, ‘69, is di.
meeting the play from her own
original script. Original music
for the play has been composed
by Frederick s. Kuethe, ’69, ii
music major.
No advance tickets are necessary for seating.
A faces oi the Theatre Department that rarely gets a
measure of its reserved attention is the modern dance sec
tion. Mrs. Betty Voertmall contacts weekly modern dance
workshop, which may be used
by any student as a part of the
physical education requirement,
and oi-crisis, the performing
dance group which practices
twice a week and presents a
concert once a year.
The workshops are not related
to Orchesls. That is, a student
taklllg a workshop is not required to periodic in the concert for credit. although he or
she may be invited to do so.
There are two workshops open
to all students each semester:
one for beginning banners, and
one for those who have already
had a semester.
Orchesis (which comes from
a Greek word meaning, “place
for the chorus ot banners") Is
the traditional college dance
group's name. Grinnell’s Orchesie has 24 members: 16 Women,
8 men. Membership in the group
is gained through an addition
which includes exercises in technique and In investigation.
The members of Orchesis judge
the applicants. Experience in
modern dance is not absolutely
necessary, Those who have had
enough experience in various
areas to develop a love for
dance and a tree imagination
are looked for. Creativity rather
than preliminary in performance is encouraged. Although
students generally come with
some kind of ballet or modern
dance training, the emphasis is
on giving the students a chance
to explore movement and their
own ideas. For this Nissan I
good portion of time is spent
 
CHARTER THIS 175 MPH
4—PLACE PLANE FOR
18 CENTS PER All MILE
(Round Trlp Enid)
EDGREN AIR TAXI
OVER l1 YEARS FLYING EXPERIENCE
JOHN H, EDGIEN
RJL 4. Oskulousa
Phone ”3—1992
or 572-393:
 
gallstones
ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY
20%
QFF
ON ALL
MEN'S .lAQitETS
Many Style: To Choose From.
called] @Cili i’
each week in bibliography as
well as in technique. The Spring
Concert (this year, Feb. 14 and
15) has no main theme, hill it is
composed by students as well as
by Mrs. Voertman.
Mrs. Voertman’s experience
as a cancer is long and varied
In high school she studied with
the performance dance group all—
del‘ brunette Sclilottman; at the
University oi Texas she was a
drama major, hill studied dance
under charles Dodge, a former
member oi the santa solve
Company. Mrs. Vcertman has
also studied under Martha Graham in New York, Eric talking, and David Wood.
Modem banners exercise at the bar.
 
} Hall Policies
(Continued 1mm Page I)
allowed in the rooms during
the same period or not.
Every hall will consider any
new rule which the college
may adopt officially, and
many house treatments indicated that their calls would
follow any new policy.
years hall voted last week
to divide the hall into two
sections which would determine their own hours separately. First floor elected to have
24 hour open moms with more
limited cold use or holidays.
Second and third floors together
decided on an unlimited 24 hour
opens policy planned to go into
effect Friday.
Main hall has 24-hour opens
on all ﬂoops, but individual
ﬂoops have different rules regarding closed holidays and
escorts to and from rooms.
Main is now election a judicial body to efforts the rules,
Cleveland hall has open
moms 24-hours a day with
closed holidays [or ﬁve hours
a day on weekends All males
must be reported except in the
lounge area, and the study
area is always closed to
males
James is by tar the most
THARP
PHARMACY
Buy Your
Christmas Gifts
Now!
uBarry ,
St. John’s
Helen types
illni garage
ALSO:
CHRISTI 4A5 CARES.
til/RAF. AND RIBBON
 
————————1
conservative hall on campus.
The residents voted to {allow
the present college rule until
the administration makes a
decision. There is very little
disagreement. “ll 1 know about violations of official college rules,” said Linda paper, hall president, "r entered
them.”
l-values hall made its decisions on a ﬂfor basis, The basement has opens from 12:00
nmnv1:00 AM Monday through
Thursday, 12:00 noon till 3:00
AM Friday and 1:00 PM laundry till 1:00 AM Monday.
The other floors are open 24—
hours, with restricted hall and
bathroom use on third ﬂfor.
Read hall has 24—hour opens
with Various restrictions on
hall and restrict use on different ﬂoops. All Women must
be reported to and from
rooms.
Loose has had without opens
throughout the hall for several weeks. Third and basement require that textiles be
reported. "The residents are
ﬁusing the situation quite hiv—
able," said Grant Crandall,
hall president. “Roommate
problems, drinking, and noise
cause many more problems
than do opens.”
East and West morris Voted
For School or
Typewriter
nipples
i
less cam—s.
 
AND JElv
‘t! DQli’ES. COS
FINE GLASSVJARE. CHRISTMAS DECQRL‘ITIONS 8< OTldER FlirlE
hillsll it“.
" “My, GOnnO ‘W \TC"
Tel M E J EWELIR Y. CLO
D13
Gh-T ITEMS
all will Ave.
to have opens from noon
to midnight Sunday through
Thursday and from noon to
4:00 AM on Saturday, West
has had no trouble with quiet
hours. and expects no trouble
with the new rules.
Cowlea —- Following lo st
week’s references, Cowles
hall decided to have each 0!
the six sections determine its
hours, The hours established
ranked from 24 hour opens in
most sections to the “12 to 12"
plan in one
liable hall Is now letting
each ﬂfor decide its policy.
Two ﬂoops have adopted 24hour opens, and two have in.statutes the ”12 to 12" hours.
According to Ralph Christenson, liable President, 111959
ﬂfor rules are not deﬁsite,
and details, such as distinction between room and mail
hours, will be decided watch
Clark has voted to let each'
floor decide its own hours.
Flour meetings will be held on
Thursday to decide upon the
hours.
Gates Hall established specsﬁc hour limitations as a
hall, as in the “12 m 12” proposal with the addition oi open
hours until 4 AM on Friday
and Saturday. Each floor may
establish further limitations
within these hours, but only
one ﬂfor has done so.
watson voted to let each‘
floor decide when its opens
should be.
Langan still has 24—hour opens with investigated hall use.
Consideration is the keyword,
according to one resident.
Smith has 24short opens on
most floors with the hall hours
limited on some. One floor [allowed the “12 to 12" guide<
lines. According to carroll
Petlson, President, the system
will be reevaluated after two
weeks.
dutch Youllker initiated a
set oi rules for all aspects of
directory life, which included
opens hours, below-e the SGA
references was scheduled. A
tu‘oslllil‘ds « ty was required on provision or
the rt'l‘S.
IICLI
' to that of
, tell on
 
'ago Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, November 12. P76!
ﬁrarlri & 'ililetrk award
FIRST MATCH WEDNESDAY
FOR FRESHMAN SWIMMERS
ByC
in the puSi. two years, the
Grinnell variety swimming
team has finished seventh in
the Midwest Conference. in
each of these years, the Grinhell ireshman team finished
first in the Conference, Next
week the competitive swimming season will begin knew
at the Grinnell pool on Wednesday, November 27, with
the annual Freshman - variety
Intersquad Meet.
Last week an 5&3 reporter
talked to Coach Raymond lbs
en-miller of the swim team.
What are the prospects for
the variety this year?
"This year," says Coach
Obermilier, “We're going to
win more meets than last
year."
Six letterrnen return from
last year's squad: Jim Will<
laws, John gilbert, John explain, reggae Graham, Cliff
cordless, and Don links;
and the variety is also bold
stored by eight members of
last year’s championship
freshman teams Bruce Rollns, Dan Meyer, Craig for~
BRYAN'S
Shoe Service
Shoes
Lace Boots
Slipon Boots
Snow Boots
Overshoes
Shoe Repair
921 BROAD
SWEDE'S
GRlNNELl.
LAUNDRY
Serving Beth Campus
Cleaning Agencies
We specialist In
Shirts & blacks
Skirts & classes
'I-DAY SERVICE
Homo Owned 8:
Managed
)RD FRDLICH den,
Dave Brown, Mike
Swackhamer, Dave mailman,
Rich Pope, and cal Dale,
What in particular should
swim fans watch for this year?
“This year," says Coach
Obermiiler," we’ve got the
potential to break every Grinneli record except one (backstroke).n
How should the team finish
in the conference standings
this year?
“This year," says Coach
Obermiller, “we should finish
in the ﬁrss division" Although the Grinneii team is
better this year than any
team in several years, lack at
depth may prevent it from
winning in the conference.
“But," says coach obermiller, “we‘ve got a shot at one,"
in contrast to the cartoons
optimize C o a c h Oben-miller
has for the variety, ho expressed optlmlstia e a u ti o n
concerning the freshmen,
“it’s too early to tell much,
but the freshmen look pretty
good again this year." Members of the freshman them
areas Joel partner, fitevo
Ward, Jim Cams, John
jesus, Alton Motohu, based
Van Wagenen, Chris seeker,
Bill market, Mike sales, Bruce
Morrison, Milt e Fitzgerald,
Greg barnes, Bruce russell,
Henry Corona, and pitch
ericsson.
Christmas
Cards
Y
Hallmark 8t
Norcross
Imported
christmas
arguments,
will Gallery gifts
For Everyone,
Choose Your Gifts
From Our
Wonderful World
of cosmetics
birmingham's
memorial Glory
In Three Inches
Recently, there have been
several displaying and dangerous rumors that Arthur 1‘.
Quang, that giant ﬁsure in
t w e n t i e t h can»
turn thought, never
existed. The week
cents of the happy
Passion Pit would
like to strengthen out these his<
understandings before the controversy gets out of control.
Quang, the patrol saint oi
the Pit, Was born in the music
below capital of the world,
Batchtown, Illinois, He intended germany Bible College
and, after a dishonorable discharge, founded the Quang
Academy of Base Thought.
Queng died of an observe so‘
clel disease in 1332i His most
totally contribution to Western
Philosophy was his remarkable.
perception and intensity pm
found statement, “Let’s keen
it crude. . . ." As a fitting
memorial to Arthur 1., the
happy Passion Pit has adopted
this violation as its month.
Men
In the
News
Lillie, russell Win
Top Football Honors
Seniors and sophomore:
split this year's post season
football honors.
Seniors receiving best
player awards wired Bob
cialis, who won the most
valuable sitemap award for
his performances as starting
offensive and defensive
tackle until a knee injury in
the fifth game put him out
for the season; Jon Bus—
well, the school's leading
ground gained in both 1966
and 1968, who carried the
ball 139 times for 472 yards,
scored six touchdowns, and
took the “most valuable
back" awards
Sophomores hundred wired
Gary Johnson, this year's
starting quarterback, Larry
crime, and Jim Edwards,
offensive guards, who were
elected captain: for next
year's team,
It's Time
for A Haircut
BEFORE EXAMS
‘( VACATIONS
LARRY'S
career Shop
Larry Hlnos
932 Main
‘BROTHERS' SLAUGHTER
FACULTY ‘lAMBS' 57-37
With a strong surge in the second half, the CBS “Brothers"
claimed a 51-31 defeat on the
Grinnell Faculty "games" in
last Friday's Martin Luther
King, Jr. Scholarship Benefit
game.
The Brothers bumper off to a
quick 10-2 lead in the opening
minutes. But a steady attack
by the faculty and a seeking
cold spell forced a tight game.
At the half the Brothers led
by only two baskets.
The half-time destination convicted of the accounting of the
“Mystery Queen," Miss Odette
detective. Mr. Joseph Wall,
Chairman of the Faculty, an<
founded her selection to the sur.
price of all—including her. The
Queen described from the stands
and passed through a tunnel
formed by the two teams while
the crowd explained widely. Mn
Wall awarded her with missed
and roses.
“1 thank you from the bottom
of my heart,” said the Queen,
addressing her over 600 subjects
present at the game, “For the
first time since i've been so
Grinneli, i’m almost speeches
less."
The second half was over]
hit as exciting as the first.
“V-I-C~i- S. Are we various!
Hell yes!" was the cry or the
CBS cheerleaders as the Brothers began to gradually increase
their lead
In suite of their gallery schools and fancy ball handling.
the faculty could not studio
the CBS surge. The Brother!
went on to win, 57437.
The game, which
some 600 spectators, nested
$304.43 for the scholarship
fund. The fund, named in holy
or of the late Dr. King, was
initiated by the Concerned
Black Students and endorsed
by the college, It will he used
to aid needs black students.
drew
m
ADDRESS HIREI
 
