”“TOOOWOE-h)
once again ’
the oldest .
college 2
newspaper 2
west or g
the ,
Mississippi X
”‘09.”0990“
 
Vol. LXXV
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday, February I6, [968
 
Shh QilEtlTlTl GONVICTS TlihEATEN STRIKE TG M
contacts at San Quentin said
they will refuse to reply to
work at the prison industries
on February 16, 1933 —— today.
By JAMES SCHREIBER
LIBERATION News Service
BERKELEY, valid,, February
16 (LNS) a Only the real underground of imprisoned men can
tell you the brutal about San
Quentin prlsall. Freedom of the
Press, including all mass me—
did, stops at the well.
Bill under the notes of their
guards, a group ol San Quentill contacts has published an
underground newspaper. generally, every week since June, 1567.
“The Outlaw,” printed by video or diego process, continues
to appear on schedule throughout the prison despite the fact
that all application machines
are now kept locked except in
the presence at an official.
The “soon Squadua special group oi security officers
——bias been relentlessly sharing
down Cells and updates suspected oi working on the forbidden paper. So tar they’ve
failed. “The Outlaw" continues
to appear weekly on the garden's desk.
Similar illegal papers have
begun at Folsom and holiday:
“The Outlaw II” and “The
Rebel."
CONS AND CENSORS
If they catch an invite reading “The Outlaw,“ they put him
in the hole for 29 days, The
hole—ally of the isolation Cells
in B sectioniis equipped bare.
Outstretched hands can touch
the title walls. Five break, flat
surfaces, a door of steel bars,
and a hole in the floor to empty
your hotels into. [or a month.
While the Com is in the hole,
the garden will be sailing at
the press cameras, posing with
a copy of “The Outlaw" in his
hands—as it it's just a wireless frank no one really cards
about.
The press is not allowed in
side the wall, past the answered
green area at the administration building just inside the
traffic fence, When word or
trouble at San Quentin leads
out, you hear only what the
prison authorities want you to
hear. You never hear the inniates' story. You never read
what “The Outlaw" says
Now a collection at “The
Outlaw" has reached the serve
eley BARB, The “underground"
press with an open office,
phones, and street sales, reprints
the news published within the
combines ol a miniature totalltan'an state where the Consti-
action is void and the whom of
the means guard is law.
BUREAUCRACY
BUILT 0N LIES
“The Outlaw" states that prison officials are accomplished
links, propitiating their own
bureaucracy. “The Outlaw” says
it has a hidden the ot focus
meets listed brown official prison records to prove all its
statements,
"The Outlaw" says the San
Quentin grace root” at January
13. 1967, was actually a turkeyshoot stated by customize personnel to head air a Reagan
budget cut.
“The Outlaw" says it can
prove that fabric mentioned at
San Quentin was generally sold
to a company in Japan, using
contact labor to underwear private industry.
That millions of dollars from
the Inmate Welfare Fund was
misappropriated to build more
prison facilities while actual
invite welfare items were denied for “lack 0i funds.”
That much oi the rehabilitation program is a force, a hypothetical presence used to hide
the {acts about the California
Department or Corrections, but
not designed to help an invite
earn a legal income after his
release.
Now, having established contact with the outside, the coin
gifts at San Quentin are ready
to hold a new protest, scheduled
for today, Febl‘uaiy ls.
Today. they will go quickly
to their Cells instead of to [hair
jobs, except those necessary to
maintains the prison.
For the first time, the outside world of free men—that's
What the Elms call us-—Will
know in advance what the
”trouble” at San Quentin is
really about. No matter what
tale prison officials tell the mass
media next month, you know
exactly what the updates were
planning and why they were
doing it.
MANIPULATION INTO
VIOLENCE
One problem face d by the
cons is to avoid being manipulated into a position where the
custody small can create a violent situation. You will see from
the first item printed here from
“The Outlaw" that their demands are not the ratings ot
married, and that their n0world protest technique is designed to avoid physical conflict. The cons know that violence can only mean more
guards and fighter rules.
Their only weapon is to make
their story known, hoping that
public opinion will pressure
honest state legislature to make
a thorough investigation of the
california prison system, without iavoritism to the entrenched
bureaucracy. What the contacts ask (or, in essence, is a
Department oi Corrections which
actually does what it claims to
be doingvhelping convicted men
find a legitimate role in the
warnings oi the tree society
when they leave prison.
Here is what a recent January issue ot “The Outlaw"
says about the forthcoming San
Quentin contacts’ demonstra—
tion:
On February 16, 1968, those
areas which will be exempt
(tom the movement will be as
follows: These areas are essential and should continue to
operate. 1) hospital; 2) mess
hall; 3) border room; 4) block
Worker.
Let us take the opportunity
to assure each other and everyone else that we can be successful ii, and only it, we remain united. The efforts at each
man will be vital to the ultimate outcome.
On February is, 1968, the eyes
PROTEST “WHITMAN" TREATMENT BY WARDENS
main treasures upon this Administration in order to copper
them to make the necessary
changes that will enable us to
maintain a freedom of our own
thoughts and extras one, to ac<
cent the response its which
are necessary it we are to
function as independent il‘ileL
deals once we are returned
to society.
We must not let ourselves
come to rely upon this Administration to do our thinking for
us, mainly because their thinking has. for the most part,
proven to be wrong as is eve.
centers by the return, in large
numbers, ol prisoners who have
been partner, time and again,
only to return and have their
I K DID YOU EVER HAVE TO MAKE UP
ﬂ 2‘ YOUR MIND? For the charles & Black’s
SGA Candidate See Page 2.
of many people will focus upon
you. contacts and tree people
alike, various, training to see
it we have the ability and
courage to stand up for something Worthwhile. Let's not discipline them. Above all, let us
not discipline ourselves, Unity,
that’s what we need,
PRESSURE FOR FREEDOM
We are contacts who have
grown tired ot the present something policy oi this AdminisA
nation, and who have joined
with certain members of the
staff, as well as people on the
outside, in order to apply her-
term revised by the adult Au.
charity in accordance with Res.
routine 171 which is nothing
more than an Administration
rule, established by the Adult
Authority itself in order to give
it the power to village the United
States Constitution.
Violence is not necessary. We
must not resort to any type at
violence, otherwise we will tiestroy what we have worked so
hard to gain.
We of the
“Outlaw" have
OUTLAW—
(Coiitlnued on Page 1)
XWWWWWWWWWVWWWW§
A gentleman representing at Chicago area draft resistant agency known as
CADRE talked a little about prison life as an alternative to the Selective Service the
other day hi the South Lounge. “From what we can ﬁnd out train the inside," lie told a
small group, “It really inn‘t as horrible as we’ve been told. You have the same ambient you have anywhere — what to do with your time,"
Certainly the group or contacts who edit the deficit underground newspaper “The
Outlaw" at San Quentin would disagree with the CADRE representative. For the ﬁrss
time in the history or California penitentiaries, the prisoners have been able to get their
own descriptions or legal llle to the outside world. The description contained in this
extra copy from generation News Services Student Communication Network inn't very
pleasant
This is the brand oi news you can‘t ilnd in the Des points Register or even News.
weeks or the New York Times; it’s simply too controversial, You won‘t had it in most
college or underground newspapers, because it’s francis too long In run.
The strike at San Quentin scheduled for today is on event that win payable I»
played down in general news media, But it’s ixilerestiiig to hear what it’s really like
from the inside. . . .
hammmmmmmmmammm
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, February l6,
 
IE] éaaueyemmwm
.
should
transfer
El gwnwmww
@W
The new Constitution passed
a student reierendiim Tuesday
with a vote of 592 I01” 3 56
ﬂgainSti The bill had previously passed the Senate by a vote
01 25 for : 5 agamst, with one
senator containing.
&&&&&&&&&&
"three candidates are announced and running (or SGA
event —— seniors Giant
(liable) and Dan
(elf-campus) and
sophomore Tom Thomas
(Gates), The three will he reduced to two in a convention
Sllni‘ay afternoon oi hall generates who were chosen at house
meetings last night. The final
sl‘event election for SGA Presie
sent \ 'l he held in lunch lines
Tuesday.
“costumes
An Omaha, Nels. business
executive has been elected to
the Grinnell College Board of
t°est Warren E. Buiiet, a
y. state oi the University of
Nebraska, was named to a $in
year term on the board.
sessions:
Clark Junior Al Cloud re
placed Eabak Armajani (our
campus Senior) this week as
station manager oi the everlormlng campus radio station.
In a letter to the College come
mlmity, Cloud cited “a general
des'llusionmeltr” with the station’s future and a desire to allow newly year’s personnel in.
created chances for experience
as Armajanl‘s primary reasons
10! relating. Federal Communications Commission approval.
expected for the new station
last month, has been contained
until March 15.
&&&&&&&&&&
The Pioneers lost a heartoreakihg double overcome game
to [he plymouth scott here
Tuesday night, 9539. Grinnell,
down by eleven at halnime,
sent the game into overcome on
Whitey christopher‘s b a s k et
with two seconds left; Monmonth's cal King put the game
into another extra period, thing
the score at ELM. The loss
gives Grinnell a 1-H record
against Midwest conference
competition.
Led by Roger Able, who
posted in 21, Pioneers Mike
Schwartz and Terry followed
had selection apiece and
color johnson shipped in with
lllllllllllll|all|||ll||Ill||ll||||ll||ll|Illlllllllllllllllllllll
 
WWWW
ﬂﬂﬂﬁlmlE®®EEE
“THE pusaco norm reemolin
size: ii potential error.- the hope
. rear a dyrmrnic enemy can be
, countries indeﬁlikely by . plus
hiv: and defensive policy — by
containment not/or consistency,
Given our defensive picture, be
is always able to era/re, as Kim
ll 5on4 has struck, M the time
and place or his own choosing
that .re most nwkwnldllar no. '
We, 0,, a.“ re. a r.. were
side, wait only {13,76 “AM" '
to ensure his
, his blogs,”
TRAVEL WITH llSA—
The Official
Student Travel Bureau
Save up to 60% on air fares and
accommodation in Europe.
Only the National SludentAssociallon can offer
you these savings, because we are a non-from
organization, run exclusively for students.
Look at NSA’s unique travel services.
I International Student ID. Card which gives you
huge savings on lodging, restaurants, transportation.
museums, galleries, theaters and stores.
I student Trips and Study Programs, A complete
selection of trips, tours, and study programs.
A unique opportunity to meet and gel to know
students from other countries.
lOflicial Student Travel Publications, which give
you a wealth ol information on accommodations,
transportation, restaurants, rights, nightlife,
shopping. All failures lo student master and budgets.
Start your planning now. See your Campus
Travel Rep or clip the Coupon.
lllll IIIIIIIIII In
U.S.Nallnnll Shilllnl Astonllllnn ETI (bank. N2]
285 Madison wanna, Now York, N. V. 10018.
i: please send me details on your student travel services
and the I‘D. call.
[1 Trip: and study programs.
[1 American Programs
Name
Address
City title._.__ _ . 2ip_.
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
THIS EXTRA ISSUE OF THE SCARLET Bi BLACK ON
A RELEVANT NATIONAL ISSUE IS FINANCED
TOTALLY BY NATIONAL ADVERTISING ON
PAGES TWO AND FOUR.
lIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
—__—_——
Anyone can
With canon‘s charitable Bond Typewriter Paper, you
can trade that tools without a trace.
Not a telltale smudge remains. A special surface permits quick and easy trading with an ordinary pencil
fraser, For perfect papers every time, get Colrétable.
ln light, medium, heavy weights and Onion Skin, In
handy lOOrsheel packets and SOC-sheet read boxes.
At Stationery Departments.
Only canon makes Corrisdble.®
(iron PAPER conpomrlont rmsrtm, msswnusma
While all three of the candidates for
SGA President seem serious and competent and interesting, the editors of the
charles & Black can support only one of
them — Tom Thomas.
Both Dan Cheifetz and Grant Crandall admit opened that Thomas has had
more experience in student government
than either of them. And, as Thomas has
been repeatedly telling respective calls,
this Spring is going to be no time to gain
experience and meet people.
Thomas gathered the new Constitution which Just passed the student body
by an overwhelming majority, The edt-
toys of the S&B believe that — of the
three choices — only Tom Thomas undertaken the new Constitution well
enough to implement it.
The 5&3 pages you to elect Tom
Thomas SGA President.
.m raw-ow.»
,human ”We new»...
 
All You Need ls Love
After all, It’s what makes the world go 'round in
that wonderful, once-in-arlifetlme way. The engagement ring you choose says so much about
your love . . . and should it be a Keepsake, the
word is ”perfect." A brilliant diamond of fine
color and modem cut guaranteed perfect (or
replacement assured). Just look for the name
Keepsake, in the ring and on the log at your
Keepsake however's store. He‘s in the yellow pages
under "Jewelers."
REGISTERED
K message‘”
DlAMOND must
mm 1|“.le use. no non. wrooiuo me too.
more nor. llao. ro noon. HIKE! ENLMczo re may: man or limit.
on. I ,, rsmtisuzorcs:
HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENTAND WEDDING
Please send new 201mm! boulder, "How To Plan Your Engage<
ment and wedding" and new 12-page full color (older, hold for
only 256. Also, send specsﬁl olierol beautiful 44-page Bride‘s 503:2.
home.____.._————-———‘-—‘
Address_._.__._._-—————-—‘
State_________.—.Zip_.————KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SVRACUSE, N. v. 13201
I
l
L_________e_______,_________,_
 
Friday. February lb. who
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Three
 
[En OUTLAW
(Continued item Page 1)
taken many chances on keeping
you posted on the evans which
exist Within the Administration.
Now, we older you a new ol the
things ice expect to gain, it we
stand together.
Remember, on February 16,
1968, on call for lookup, go to
your cell. Do not become involved in anything. This is im<
contact.
The first sign of a disturbance
and this Administration will fire
tear gas and budgets, Some will
be injured it we panic in an
attempt to scanner. We must not
permit this.
ll no lookup is called on this
day, the same movement will
remain in select for the following day, and will remain in
effect until the Administration
calls a lookup. Do not report
to work. a . .
CHANGES EXPECTED
Here are a few changes we
expect to be brought about:
T, An opportunity for all
purple vibrators to be attorney a hearing in a court
of law; to call witnesses in
their behalf; to crossexamine
those witnesses who appear
against them; to he reply
center by counsel.
2. Complete appointment of
the increased facilities for
narrative calendars Without
prior belong connections. several men here are now serving anywhere from in to 15
years to lite as a result oi
this stupid law. msn’t live
years of life sufficient? The
penalty is no determine to
crime. This has been proven
time and again.
3. That more favorites Consideration be given to first
calendars when their minor
runtime is completed. To
copper a person to longer in
prison can only lead to forming a happened criminal. Too
much time desktops any con-
structure things the prisoner
has accomplished.
4. A demand for the re
moral of all exelaw efforts
ment officers from the Adult
Authority, and that they he
replaced with processors, pay—
chologists, etc., who are more
familiar with the criminal.
5. The immediate removal
oi all Child sex calendars to
mental hospitals where they
can receive the help necessary to overcome their illness.
MORE CHANGES
6. To copper the Adult
Authority to recognized all
cases who appeared before
them since October, l967 at
the time in which the new
lifestyle went into effect.
Almost all prisoners who ap<
year-ed before the Board since
October have been denied a
good indication that you will
do more time.
7. Demands for better food
and living conditions within
the p his o n. Approximately
52,600 is appropriated annually for your support. Did you
know that $14 is appropriated
each year just so you can
have a new mattress? HOW
long has it been since you
had one? This is just one
item. We coupon’t begin to
list them all.
5. Complete revision oi the
present pay scale. Prices in
the eastern continue to shoot
spyware. The draw has been
raised $30 a month. Can you
draw $30 on your present
Pay?
9. Demand that a doctor be
available within the prison
around the clock in order to
prevent unlaiviul deaths, such
as that of Walter robinson,
AVEZESZ, on November 5, 1564.
Didn’t think we knew about
that, did you, Dr. McNamara?
want us to give you a full
report?
He (died as a result of respiratory difficulty, this is true.
But only because his laws
were wired together following
surgery, and he strengths on
his own limit. . . . We know.
We also have complete photoshop copies of the records.
Wonder if John monkey,
D.D.S. would support your
claims? We will see soon
enough.
10. That your purple oﬂacer he completed to put his
approval in writing oi any
request you make in order
that he may not be permitted
to use these things to justify
violation the conditions or
your purple at his own whom
or carried. . . .
THE TRUTH SHALL
SET YOU FREE
I only wish we could find the
words to express upon each at
you, individually, just how important your support is in may»
ing this movement a success. . .
Men are presently lighting in
Vietnam in order that these
people may maintain their free
(low ol democracy and stop the
cancelled Communist aggressive. . . .
Yet here at home those who
have elected to fight for their
rights and freedom have been
treated as chemicals and sent
to prison because they have attempted to achieve the same
goals as our Government is at»
teaching to achieve for those
people in Vietnam,
How can we ever expect to
explain this? we dare not ask,
because as long as their present
course remains unchallenged,
there is no necessity for them
to explain anything. This Administration functions in the
same manner.
As long as they are permitted
to continue with their present
course or action, and remain
unchallenged, we can expect to
gain nothing because there is
only one side to the story as
tar as the public is concerned,
and that is the side of the Administration. They have re
gained unchallenged up untilnow. T
Since we have been corporate
'the customize program.
enough to secure the support
necessary that will allows us a
vote in the free world to offer
our side of the coin, we must
not filter. Remember, February 16 is the beginning ol 8
new era.
Don’t listen to rumors: listen
to "The Outlaw." Don't permit
the staff to benefit from our
movement. Be Calm. Be cool.
Be firm. Above all, be a control.
0L1) GUARD NEVER DIES
According to highly informed
sources from inside San Quentin, a key reason the california
prison system has failed both
the taxpayer and the invite is
that the rehabilitation program
is controlled by the customize
small—the Old Guard which has
been sending the pages without
concern for the humanity or
future oi the updates.
ll rehabilitation is too successful, there will be lower
prisoners; lower prisoners, lower jobs for the bills.
SHAKE DOWNS
AND PROMOTIONS
When a new invite is given
his initial classification, the
customize staff. not the rehabili—
nation staff. determines his assignment. The invite may ask
to attend classes to learn to
read, or to work for a high
school diploma, but ii the custody arm decided that a fresh
worker is needed in the cotton
textile mill, the invite goes to
the mill, perhaps for eight years.
That's all right, officials will
tell you, because a textile mill
job is classified as “rehabilitation." since it teaches a man
”good work habits.”
Most of the bestsellers at San
Quentin are exebulls. One week
a guard may shake down a
con, strip him naked, nurse and
affiliate him, and the next
week the guard may get his
promotion to the counseling slot
where the con is expected to
confirm in and rely on him.
Even the good counseling liesitates to make a favorites recommendation, because if he
makes one mistake his favorites remarks will be discounted
by review boards. Bad reports,
however, produce no risk.
The most remarkable fact
about'the entire rehabilitation
program of the california De
partners of Corrections is that
there is no way to tell ii an
invite has been rehabilitated.
No test or measure or any kind
to predict a man’s behavior on
release exists at this time. it's
anybody’s guess.
Nevertheless the customize
staff currently felt threatened
by a growing rehabilitation program. By the time Ronald Reagan became governor, the re
hahilltatlon program at San
Quentin had grown larger than
Then
Reagan proposed a 10 percent
slide in the budget
RIOT AS CONS SEE IT
Shortly alter that, the daily
press told the official version
of the January 18, 1567 "race
root” in the prison. Soon 125
new guards were hired and the
customize side had reasserted
its refinance over rehabilitation. Here is how “The Outlaw"
describes the “root” from the
cons’ perspective:
Those of us incorporated here
at San Quentin last January
witnesses one of the most dis—
listing scenes reasonable, We
were the opportunity Victims of
the system that has no thought
for the lives or the feelings ol
halloween.
Most ol us wanted no part
in the January root which the
writer is referring to. We became involved not by choice but
by force. Coldrbloodedly, Custody forced hundreds or Caucasians and Mexican prisoners
to the lower yard football field,
For the remainder of the day
contacts were picked off like
dicks in a pond by artistic
Department of Corrections killersisniping from the walls accompanying the recreation field.
They did this without proper
cause or certification for what
occurred there that day. Oh,
there was a reason tonight, but
not the reason which the news
media were offered or the public was under the impression
oi. No, it wash't that way at
all.
THAT UNHAPPY WEEK
Earlier in that week which
led up to this mass shooting,
several incidents occurred. Any
one of the incidents would have
been sufficient grounds for the
garden oi this prison to have
called in double security. By
this I mean that every man in
San Quentin should have been
sent to his cell and there remained until a full investigation had been conducted. However, this wash’t performed. On
Monday morning of that unhappy week, an industrial strike
was to singularly involve degrees. A pocket line was formed
in front ol the industrial gate
with stroligrarmed men to efforts the order.
Some or their men attempted
to cross the pocket line and
were better. An hour after,
when these tactics had failed
and arbitration became the
dominant edition, a white man
was killed and another founded.
Racial feeling had been running
high before Christmas and
through the holidays. At this
point full security should have
been the command from the upper echelon.
_ industry , is a, niultirmillion
dollar setup: You can hear SaL‘v
parents stream clear ‘fmin
_unnecessary conventional
here when any amount of lime
is lost. Many minor and partialrminor incidents occurred in
the days that followed.
Custody went about their business as though no u a n g e r
existed. Horsehlinders were the
going thing. However, people at
the top were not so blind. They
saw a good thing in the making.
They saw an opportunity to up»
set Governor Reagan’s budget
cut and an order to stop hiring
officer‘s. At the same time, the
universities were having their
problems across the bay. Every
civil service employee was next.
Now then. . a What would be
the best thing that could have
happened for the Department
of Corrections at that time?
Why, oi course, a full-scale root.
A traveling oi the guard instead
at less guards, lots or extra pay
for everybody including the State
Police who were brought in.
And best of all, more jobs would
be insured.
No. . . instead of trying to
stop the hell which had been
growing, kerosene was added to
the considering tire, Racial
feelings were played on by
Custody.
EVERYBODY
PLAYED lT DUMB
it is no secret that San teens
tin is a racial bombshell at all
times. After the killing of a
white man, it is a fact that
reservation will usually follow or
vice verse. No orders from
garden Wilson were fortlicom«
ing. Everybody played it dumb.
Several days or this created a
tension that could have been
Cut with a knife, it was so
thick. By this time nearly every
man in the yard had armed
himself. Some even carried
thanks (a knife of some sort)
in the open.
Custody linked at this display. Boys will be boys. tonight be interesting to note here
that a concerned weapon found
upon any prisoner is punishment
by live years to life in any'
california Camp Court. Yet,
boys will be boys.
The grand finals was about
to begin. The stage was set,
the actors positioned themselves.
There were even movie cameras on the gunrails. This in
itself should show precipitation on the part at Custody.
The writes mentioned themselves along the block wall
(approximately 1,000). Alter
installing and meeting Custody
began to force the white men
to the lower yard by use or
tear gas shot directly at the
OUTLAW—
(continued on Page 0
 
no. Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, February IA, I965
 
0% OUTLAW
(Continued from Page 3)
heads and bodies of the Caucasians. it must be certified
here that most of the men who
were now in the middle of this
chaos were men who were guilty
or nothing more than coming
ll'om their jobs to eat the noon
meal and in so doing were
wrapped in the miles.
FUN BEGINS BELOW
Alter the metro population
were headed into their respective housing units and were
locked in cells, the fun began
in the lower yard. There in the
middle of the football field, 700
to 1,000 contacts were shot at
without mercy. There is no real
cause for it as there is nothing
in the center of that field which
could have been damaged.
Nine (9) men were Shot alive
and founded. The report later
stated that “these men were
hit by planning budgets” (mounting on the soft mud that was
on the field). I am sure combat
veterans could argue that paint,
or even a human Late that
night the men were back in their
cells (a job that could have
been accomplished in several
hours at the most). In the
weeks that followed Custody
beat, bludgeonedt tear-passed
and' shot without setup. There
is no real reason for it other
than it appeared the packs
(bills) were enjoying themElves,
BIG RED ARRIVES
Several months after the January roots, garden Wilson was
believed and Big Red Nelson
(now garden) was transferred
to the scene, fri Nelson has a
record of being one oi the harvest gardens in the country. He
boards dictatorship and iron.
grip rule. He has changed puha
lucky oi it. He stated upon arrival his intention to make San
Quentin a sale place to live.
Since his elevation to garden,
settings, listings and harassment have almost coupled. The
population is going up and pensions is the biggest thing so car
created. A milliomlollar pro
gray which offered hope to
thousands or contacts, through
rehabilitation, was stopped at
the snap of Red Nelson's fingers, , . ice overcome Legislation and many other men higher
up than himself to do this.
PRISONS AND PROFITS
Prison industry, in theory at
least. is not supposed to com<
pete with the private sector of
the economy. Products of con«
vice labor, again in theory, go
only to government agencies.
This should be true of the
cotton textile mill at San Quentin, but a document generated
by updates from prison accounting records shows that contact work sometimes has other
uses They call it slave labor:
Now here is an interesting
little item which substantially
our charge of slave labor and
largely, to say nothing of misappropriation oi state property.
It is a sales receipt made out
to:
lanka Corporation,
16 Hashiumo-Cho.
Uchihommechi Hignishi-Hu.
Osaka, Japan.
This receipt indicates that
4,7l0 yards of penis fabric was
Performance
NEW DODGE CORONET “SUPER BEE”.
Scat Pack performance at a new low price.
teaching a Super Bee is like shopping a bowling ball down an operator shaft, It starts rather
suddenly and improved from there. dining a Super Sea is discovering that paper-Heidsieck
Is selling at beer prices Let's face it. When you put a hot cayman 383 V8 in a light could body,
hang all the good stuff understand, and price it below anything as quick, something's got to
happen. The good stuff is listed below. The picks are waiting at your nearby Dodge Dealer's.
Let it happen to you.
I POWER PLAN .
425 lbs-ll, at 3400 RPM. Air clean
numerical mmbusllun chambers. Ca
490 “75.7“, al 600D RPM.
I TRANSMISSION: Standard: Four-speed luis synchrnmesh manuals Floor-manner shall.
Optional: Turqueflllc automatic three-speed, Column-founded shit!
I SUSPENSION: Heavy-july things and stocks, all tour wheels. .Sd-mph did, away bar standard,
I BRAKES: Heavyrduiy standard on all You! Wheels, ll-illcll drums, East imni Shoes: Front discs options. Sell-accessing
Bendix types
tandardi 383 ND V8. Caih: i-bbc. Compression ratio' 10:0. Horsepower 335 xl 5200 RPM. volume',
unsigned, both unwind and animal v8 Option
Ital, d-box. Compression ratio 0.2 ’1. Horsepower, 425 at 5000 RPM. Torque:
semi 126 CH) .Ilemi-
I ADDITIONAL OPTION high-performance able package consisting pl 3.55 able ratio with Sure Grip. highrcapacity
radiator, 7-blade slip-drive In with shroud.
I INSIRUMENYATION AND APPOINTMENTS: handed Rallye-type dash
standard, mall: black, Includes circular speedomller, oil and tempenluie
causes. electric clock. Matching facts optional. waste black units, power hood,
Red Line widespread tires, seat cells, hunt shoulder belts, marketing, loan
deals, bumblebee striking and Special ornamenlahvn standard. Vinyl mon
optional.
I
M. L. x1. X
Name
Address
CHRVSLEH my
uvmu common
I...—
ilL our AND MAIL TO:
Hugh. n th -SuIivin.1132$h-lbs aismc,
g n «225. Min.
Enclosed is I checked moneyoidei (made payable to curtis-
Hilthersulllin) to: ;,
rousAnton,
to cover :an oi
$995 ennui/image so,
do 4% sales law iii delivery in Michigan.)
site
stat-
Dlluymd nlyintonii lid 5 A
 
sold to the above-named Japan<
use Corporation on August 16,
1966, for 3.30 per yard, a price
so low that the Japanese just
could not resist international
Credit NDJSSIW is given, also
Advise No.1670. The amount at
$1.413 was paid through the
Bank of Tokyo. San Francisco,
thus consideration the bargain. This receipt was signed by
a state employee. one G E.
short.
EVERYONE GETS BILKED
Now this little transaction
caused an awful lot of people
to be filled. There was first
and forecast the taxpayer who
paid {or the cotton mill, the
coleman’s salary, the raw not»
ton, etc. The private manufacturers were filled because
they cannon compete with sub-
limited slave labor working with
statements m a t e via l s, and
last but not least were you tell
low contacts who must Work for
such upgrading wages.
I do not exaggerate when i
say that material could not be
made for 30 cents a yard liecause the raw unlimited cotton
it is made from costs more than
that. now. I ask you, could any
private business under our
“free” enterprise system compete with such as this?
Now, everything. materials.
lalior, and machinery has been
paid out oi tax dollars and the
finished products are supposed
to be made available to stateoperated institutions. Tell us.
Mr. short, is the mailto Corporation oi Osaka, Japan, a
state agency of some sort? 1
think Not.
The words EXTRA. EXTRA. EXTRA above the
bag on page one are set in JIM grow type. Popular during the days oi Reconstruction — especially
in the Western and Southern states — JIM CROW
is used exclusively for headlines, special heads, and
advertising copy.
Line drawings in HIE week's extra 5&3 are by
managing editor Sue T, Miller. Horace bradley's
New York WEEKLY TRIBUNE usually Employed
line drawings to break up copy in long. major features. We thought we‘d try it at least once
 
Written material in the charles r. “lnrk cannon he mproducL-d (or
tmoucatlon Purposes without the more“ consent or the editor
 
