Ellis ﬁtarget '& 'iﬁlttrk
GRINNELL COLLEGE
oldest College Newspaper West or the Mississippi
 
Vol. LXXVI
Grinnell, Iowa, Friday. November 29. ”68
a
No, [0
 
Scarce Meetings
Diminish Affairs
Committee Power
By ALAN HART
The Committee on Student AL
third has been meeting regularly on a weekly basis this
year, most recently discussing
the question oi
open forms a n d
related 15 s u e s.
The final result
was to be a resolution and proposal for regulations on these
affairs.
This committee is made up
or eight regular members plus
two ex-Diticio members. There
are three students, three mere
beta or the facility, and two
means, Mr. Thompson and Mrs.
Low.
Once this group has passed
a recommendation, it is
passed on to President suggest
for approval. The president
may consider it for no more
than thirty days. it it is passed
by him, the proposal goes
to the board of trustees. But
the President must have {est
too much time had passed with
out results, and consequently
he went ahead with his plan.
Until the President’s final
ANALYSIS—
(Continued Page 4, col. 3)
News
Analysis
Wilson & Dunforth
Nominees Named
Nominees for the halifax’lh
and Watson fellowship programs have been named by
principal College. From tweittyrl'ice who applied lot the
Thomas J. Watson Foreign
Travel Fellowship, jonathan
russell, Frederick Kuethe,
John de Mahler, Elennote
Spiegel and trends Thomas
were nominated by the college.
From the eight who applied
for the Daniurth Fellowship.
aaron rangers, Michael
Damian, and Eleonore Spiegel were nominated.
The Watson Fellowship
gives "graduates or unusual
promise who are likely to en
haiice signilicaiitly their potential lot personal growth
and future leadership it attorney with an opportunity
to spend n year abroad" a
36000 student for such activities.
Daiitortll Fellowships are
awarded to prospective graduate students who show great
potential for becoming effective and instruction college teachers; who demonstrate widetangiiig and thorough academic achievement: and who Show broad
and unselfish interest in religious matters.
 
Grinrlell House, treatments' Home
(mi-w of two an‘l’cles)
By STEPHEN GROW
Gt'fitness House, until 1961 the
President's Home, stands station and precious on the corner
0! Park Street and birth Avenue. The house has been ultimately connected with Grinnell
tradition Since it was built in
1917, a tradition which somehow services its atmosphere.
it is commonly the scene of
predictions events —- the recent
Phi Beta happy ceremony. an
nccaslonzil concert or decimal,
ur the meeting or the Board or
Trustees, This appendix structure has an interesting past.
The President’s House stands
on property which the College
has owned since 1887. Before it
was built in 1917, at a Cost of
at
kitty-six thousand dollars, another house, the Little House,
occupied the property and
speed as the home or treatments Gates, Main. and Bradley. The Little House was built
by an early resident oi Grinnell, a businessman and mayor,
after whom it was named.
Around 1916 the building was
in such bad repair that press»
sent Main and his family
moved out of the house. The
building was rated and the
present Griiinell house built in
1917.
in a letter to the “Brethren
and Sisters or the Fellowship
or Grinnell and Friends or Pres
ideiit Main" the Grinnell college Foundation stated the red<
GRINNELL HOUSEA-
(Continued page 4, Col. 3)
,ATluﬁrussell House. home or treatments.
Chambers visits
Campus; Reports
On Black Power
honest Chambers, a black
power speaker front Omaha,
Nebraska, visited the campus
last Friday and Saturday to
address both integrated and
black addresses, attend classes,
and counsel individual students
on the meaning 0! black power.
His working definition of the
term, as he explained to a press
conference, is “A well-loaded
gun in the hands or a man who
knows who the enemy is."
The real enemy. Chambers
arrested int campus experiences, is the American system,
whose laws, mobility, and strip»
sure he feels are all shared toward writes.
During his Italy, Chambers
lived in a mom in East morris
Hall. His Visit, sponsored by
CBS, the Initiative fund, and
other sources. brought him into
contact with many individual
students and small groups or
students in the Forum, in his
directory room, and on the
campus. “1 prefer talking
to black students," he added,
saying there was a need to unity
black college students behind
the ideas of black power, He addressed several integrated addresses, however, and explained
his interpretation of black hits
way—as distinct from American
historyeand what he saw as the
need for violent social reform.
His 8:00 lecture in Roberts
Theatre on “Alternatives loiBlack and white People” war
delivered to an audience or 600.
Chambers' investment oi the
Christian religion as inheiently
white and racing was strongly
worked The ”alternative"
Chambers saw was one oi racial
pride by blacks, provided by a
violent selection of American
white culture and history.
Semester Theatre
frog ra m ata rl'ed
Grinnell College and the Mil—
wanted directory Theatre are
conducting a cooperative educational program in theatre during
the '68-'69 academic year. This
experimental program, which
was made possible by a $15,000
grant trend the powerseller
Foundation, Will bring live associates at the Milwaukee directory Theatre to principal as
teachers, Coaches, and actors
in-residence and will provide up
to eight principal students with a
semester or oilrcampus study
with the reporters company in
Milwaukee.
Grinnell students chosen for
oil-caiiipus study and work with
the Milwaukee company will
have both theoretical and proc—
local work in professional theatre and will receive 14 college
credits for the semester.
Hughes To Deliver
Graduation Speech
President Glenn suggest
has announced that Governor
and Senator-elect Harold
Hughes (Democrat) will be
the announcement speaker
this year. Dining the categories he will be presented
with an contrary doctor at
laws degree (LLD).
Harold Hughes has been
the governor or Iowa since
1963. He attended the State
University nl iowa. From
1958 to 1963 he was the Commissioner of Commerce 101'
the state OI Iowa. In 1960 he
was an unsuccesslul Demo
gratis candidate for covers
nor.
SGA Leaders See
suggest Proposal
As Mixed pressing
Reaction to President suggest’s proposal for open forms
34 hours per week has met with
split opinion trim student Government. Varying opinions as to
whether the policy should be
accepted and as to how much
the new policy should be endorsed occur both among the
SGA leaders and the various
house treatments.
SGA leaders Tom Thomas.
Lee april, and Heather quote
appear split in their opinions
as to what, it anything, should
he done to achieve a more liberal position than suggest's.
Tom Thomas felt that the proposal contained a “potential for
coming up with u very portable situation,” and at it was
acceptable to a majority or the
students, considering the close—
news ot the vote in the recent
SGA reterenduni on opens. He
felt that the major emphasis 01
Student Government Should be
towards the implementation or
the new rule. Thomas said that
“within his (suggest’s) broad
guidelines, there is an awful
lot that can go either way,"
concerning participate such as
enforcement and a Student Bill
of Rights and Responsibilities.
Tom Thomas emphasized, however, that SGA is “up in the
air as far as an ofﬁdial position.” and that his position will
vary with student opinion and
the willingness or others to
compromise.
C of HP President Lee april
would not comment on his position, saying that it is his “policy iiot to have interviews with
the 58:3,” He said that he had
been discussed by the sun
just after he became C ot HP
President, and that now, “all
communications (with the charles and Black) must be written." It was learned, however,
that party was against accept-
REACTION—
(continued Page 2, col. 5)
Faculty recipes
To Add Students
To 3 Committees
Last Monday at n faculty
meeting the faculty voted to put
into effect the recommendation
or the Committee on Faculty
Organization and to placstudents on certain standing
committees of the faculty.
Three students “elected by
the Student Government ASSD<
edition" will now gain a voting
membership on Library Committee. the International Relations Club, and the Committee
on Public Events.
The proposals m allow sql1<
cents on these committee!
passed in a near anonymous
vote. According to reliable
sources, then was only on.
vote in opposition to the plan,
and this vote was opposed only
to putting students on the 1mm»
national Relations Club.
The Committee on Faculty
Organization, changed by Mr.
Alan Jones (History), also proposed that they put three students on the committee on Ad.
missions and Student Aid, but
this was not voted on. This p1'o«
local will be on the agenda for
the next meeting
Also discussed and passed at
the Faculty meeting was a pm
local to create an ad how Committee on the Bookstore 0t thretaculty members and three students to study effectively the operation of the College bookstore
and to make a report to the
Committee on Library and
bookstore and to make a report
to the Student Senate by May 1,
1969.
Extra—curriculum
Credit Passed By
Humanities sep’ls.
The Humanities Division, in
a meeting last week, discussed and passed proposals
concerning tale Wall Amendment
to the Curriculum Committee
report of last year which allows
the printing oi credits for pan
occupation in “extra-curriculum"
activities. The proposal was
made because it would be accessible to give tullrcredtt:
courses relating to some sub
tests.
Two specific recommendations were passed at the meeting. First. the music report
night's proposal that one credit
per year be given lnr satisfactory participation in the
chorus, Chamber music. and
Orchestra was passed. A std<
sent is limited to Six credits
during his tour years to go
towards his graduation.
The Classics Department requested similar uccredtlaiiolt
for their Greek Reading
Group. which the Humanities
Division granted.
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, November 29. mo
 
Where the Truth Lies . . .
By DONALD STUMP
Besides commitment political suicide by promoting student selfdetermination, the student government has done one totally thing
this year: it has struck a blow, unfortunately a bit below the
belt. for truth, They have shown as a household the old cruise
that it is what one does which really matters, not what he says.
Most oi the thrill of replacing home rule convicted of programming desired, opened accounting the home rule — or rather, unruie
-—Which had existed tie facts for some time, and saying to ourselves that it is legitimate. I am headlines to see that the Word
is considered so important.
1 can only conclude from President suggest’s letter to the
Student Affairs Committee that he. too, takes joy in programming
his desired. Unfortunately. his countervrevolution is not as far
along as the Students’ revolution, and his letter contains more unavailable hope than reality or practical plans for turning back
the tide oi student power.
Some of his proposals are simply not well returned. He asks
for more offrcampils housing both as a means or satisiying the
desired of many students to leave the residence calls and as an
“official response” to misconduct in the forms. How can giving
culprits something widely desired by students be anything but
an incentive to break the rules? If this is to become the standard
punishment for major violations, the Judicial Council will be
throngeil by gieelul dependence. To put the cap on the abstracts,
the parenthetical comment that off-campus housing is already at
the “current limit of available rental housing" seems to blast both
proposals. If there is no housing left, how can more students
leave? Should the college build or buy houses? Will the college
not then be responsible for students behavior in them?
Such conditions are not so important as the crucial problems with the President's suggestion that the college "create and
maintain enough differences in the regulations of individual calls
so that both present and prospective students of different expectations and congratulations can be incorporated." the plan is to
have each Student choose a hall with the regulations he Wants to
follow. It is explicit in the proposal that 1) the administration
ought to water to shipments' expectations, 2) students know how so
complicated they are. and 3) they will choose a hall of less authentication, if they know they are better suited for it. Are these assumptions that an “accountable" college administration ought to
be making?
By trying to fit its calls to the expectations of students, even
those not yet here, the college has made a radical shift in policy,
It used to be assumed that students chose the college because it
suited them, and then incorporated their lives to it. How far
will the president take the principle oi changing the institution to
fit the students? Will he change the curriculum to fit their excel»
nations? How many students would then “expect" the Humanities
or Social Studies requirements? Will the composition of the faculty
and the policy of admissions be based on student desired? If Dr.
suggest does not come up with a reason why the principle holds
for social rules and not for academic policies, the facility ought to
ask for his head; and the Students will probably give it to them.
On the authentication of students, an old question must be
asked: How does one know when he does not know? Most Students
have posted homepage as a means of learning what is necessary to
get along with other people. The plan of having options assumes
that Students Will already know what rules are necessary for their
happiness. Tile only consistent plan would be to let students make
up their rules as they learn which ones they prefer by hard experience. Furthermore, how many students would suffer the ignominity or choosing less liberty than others have?
If the President's plan for various options does not in practice
soil down to having Freshman dom'ls and all the all‘iers investigated as the college will allow, 1 will be pleasantly surprised
in all these arguments, l have taken the letter more seriously
than I think most students will bother to do. If students pursue
their passion to eliminate Contradictions between their words and
needs, they the act according to what they have said in replacing home-rule and voting for the option of 24-hour limitations. Why
should they listen to the president when they have already pro<
claimed he has no legitimate say in making their rules? He does
not threaded them with tractor power; and he offers no better
reasons to knuckle under than the insertion that “it is necessary
now to admit we need to achieve a better balance than we have
between the . . . interests of students, faculty and College Adminr
isolation ' it will be an act of grace if the students now cheerily
contractor everything they decided during the past weeks while
those ln nursing basement looked on in silence. Most students will
not be able to stomach such concerning as well as Schneii‘ov. Dr.
suggest has, i fear, pulled his best chance to recent iii haven
allowed students to about college rules.
Now, although the administration has given no reason for students to retilm to the fold, either in the form oi creation or per»
station, i think that accepting the President's proposal on “opens”
is the most reasonable course students can take. I share his hope
that they will act in contamination to what they have said about
selfdetermlnation and limitation hours. it is more important in the
recent crisis to make one’s actions true to the nature of the college than true to past destinations. The old lie about needs being
the things that count turns out to be true in this situation.
What will those who think that this column is simply an expression of archive resolutions say about that? i not only admit
that an old truth lies, but the same old lie is true. The truth al»
ways lies in modifications.
 
 
who grades 8c l'ﬁpark
Student Newspaper at cornell College
Grinnell. lows
VAS ET HUMAN,
[846
‘
R
0M lOWENSE (3“
An independent newspaper
except during holidays and examination periods,
student
the Orinncll committee on
»
JAMES ALEXANDER ARIETI
Editarri'vaIllef
KATHERINE NEWKIRK
Mmmgxilg Editor
YVOR STOAKLEY
Sports Editor
JDHN GARDNER
Annotate Editor
MIMI ANDERSON
Art Editor
BRUCE STROM
Business Manager
published weekly.
by
Publications.
Allan l-list,
sanietnun.
subscription rate 56.00 Der school year.
1 Les Danseurs Africairls: Vulgar I
By PAUL ROTHMAN
Les Danseurs nfl‘scales,
shown twice Saturday night,
was the most closely overall—
ed production Grinnell has
presented this year. Although
the production was somewhat
removable, many of its ideas
and methods served on a mediocrity which forced the use of
vulgar, nonpmfessional stage
techniques. The initial act,
‘L'Oiseau large,‘ set a matter
of plays which was maintained throughout.
bibliography was true and
wireless because it convicted
almost entirely of a reporting
series of simple class and
turns, foot stopping, and hip
switching. The efforts oi the
banners were often half-started and the movements of the
banners were not coordinated
with one another. The ”Brothers’ ” cheerleaders did as well,
it not better. The large number of banners on the stage
doing never-a1 different things
proved that strength lies more
in numbers than in the adroib
news or any of its members.
“Les Acrobats.” however, needed no camouflage, and each one
was quite spectacular.
The announcements were
most exclusive but should
have been used to accent the
ability of the Danseurs rather
total to disclose their clumsiness. Specifically, in “La SuperDame login Masque” the
tasks and costumes could have
been far more effectively dis—
played with an integrate dance.
The ineptitude was not only
shown by the banners. The music was often wireless. Its rare
praiseworthy moments cannon
be attributes to the vtriilosity
of any one musician but rate-
er to the effect of the maintaining promotion beats of
many individuals.
The artistic use of bare
breasts was indeed beautiful
and qualifying but, I fear, its
use was for the delicious appreciation of desired harbored
in a desperate but pusillanimous male audience. These
brandished busty were a
means of “selling" the show.
My main objective to Le:
Danseurs Africans was that
the performing were used
merely as drops. They should
have been the show rather
than a part of an extravaganza.
The atmosphere of the performance was one of object aka
sequloilsness. The banners do
not use the emotional features their roles call for, but
water to the Uncle Tom disposition that white, middle~class
addresses love to see. In "The
Funeral Ceremonies of the
Dogons." the men play with
their guns as ii they were toys
instead oi assuming the viClOiiS temperature of savage
centers. A work with the po—
central of becoming highly
emotional while fascinating
on the theme or the unnervtng
unknown dissipates with the
english optics of these Mali
navy prospects. It is almost
as if they are saying, “Black
Power? not us. We are all
good black folks."
This pi-consciousness was not
only displayed by the banners, it was even more evident
in the fact that the guilty
white audience refused to see
any adults in the things of
black men even when the
shortcomings were as obvious
as they were in Les Danseuts
AfricainS.
Special student' Ra’res
AVAILABLE NOW ON THE
Midwest Education Review
A Quarterly journal of zdueanan
Edited and Published By
DENNIS K. MURPHY ED. D.
GRINNELL COLLEGE
Single
C°PY
75¢
subscription
Year's
s2.50
(Regularly $1.50 and $4.00)
Contact Dennis K. Murphy
Room 10 ARH Annex
Nancy EEckELt,
Paul
Donald sruntp
DOUGLAS EARL
Circulation Manager
William any.
Lewis. Paul nothing.
Stephen grow.
Mark
reported I
} Reaction
(Continued from Page 1)
lance of suggest's proposals.
thinking that it would be a step
backward to the “hypocrisy" oi
the system before the SGA references.
AWS Board President heater
er quote Said that she saw "no
point in arising whether you
like what suggest says or not."
She said that she would “accept it as a temporary measure," but continue to work for
24 hour opens, possibly for
next year. She said that “ii
good number" oi women house
treatments will go along with
the proposal.
it appeared that the large
majority oi house treatments
were willing to go along wuh
President suggest’s proposal.
The main concern of both men
and women house treatments,
however. was over enforcement at the rule. Many house
treatments were concerned with
what kind of enforcement would
be required, whether they
would be required to enlarge
the rule, and whether enforcement would really be possible.
BEYME R'S
King's Food Host U.S.A.
 
Friday, November 29. ms
SCARLET AN D BLACK
Little Kids Like The Little Prince A liberal Education
By THE EDITORS
Last Sunday, after the chip<
drew's performance of “The
Little Prince,” the started and
Black conducted a symposium
on the play in the South
Lounge oi the sonic, Responding to questions asked by an
important group oi reporters,
eleven children ranging in
age from four to seven gave
their candle opinions on the
play, and some other related,
and not so related matters.
The questions are printed
here with the answers, without
many additions or instructions.
Q. Would you recommend the
play to your friends?
A. Yes.
Q. (Guess that wash’t such a
prospective question.) What did
you think of the airplane crash
in the beginning?
A. i thought he was a reckless driver.
Yeah, he shoulda been more
careful. He could have denied
a wall or something. like when
Moni helped into the garage.
Q. If you were the flower,
would you have fallen in love
with the little prince?
A. I thought he was too silly.
Q. What did you think or the
ﬂover?
A. She was too main.
Q. Did you think she treated
the prince mean?
A. (wedding to one another)
No. no.
Q. What did you think represented the dramatic moment
of the play?
A. (Silence)
Q. Uni. what scene did you
like best?
A. I liked the reckless driver
on the tribe.
Q. Would you have bought
those nancy pills he was selling. Remember, with one at
those pills, you could go without water for a week?
A. No. You would need water
to smaller the pill.
i don’t think it would get
stuck in your throat.
I liked the drunk man.
Q. Do you think the drunk
\ I
Give A Gift
Of Music
RECORDS
HARMONICAS
SHEET M USIC
RADIOS
RECORD PLAYERS
GUITARS
TAPES
RELATED
ACCESSORIES
Ar
LEEPER
Music Company
Across from Central Park
X’X’Xﬂtﬂsi'ﬂset
man looked like any other in
the play?
A. He looked like the adding
man. The snake and the fox
looked alike.
No they didn't.
Q. Did you think the drunk
man was really drunk?
A. No, Dick Van Dyke does
the same thing. But this guy
was much better than that.
The Whole thing demands me
or woman and Martin.
Q. Do you think anything was
left out oi the play?
A. it shoulda had a watergun
light.
And it should of had a mudball light.
Q. What would you have done
with the mudballs?
A. Throw them at the adding
man.
Q. Did the prince remind you
of anyone?
A. He reminder me of my
gym teacher. The hair was the
same.
The flower reminder me of
my coupon.
(At this point. started by our
pricing reporters’ questions,
the children began to talk without questions being asked. Der
spare the jury of the debate, our
photographers were able to record the following remarks.)
I’m hungry, all i had for
lunch was a toasrcm pop-up.
I thought the sort was the
president. I thought you don’t
like girls. i hate girls. She was
an animal, not a girl, so it
dress’t count. (Finally our
married reporters were able to
return to their functioning.)
Q. Did you like the play?
A. It was the best play I ever
saw. it was the only play you
ever saw. It was the soonest
play i say.
Q. why do you think the king
didn't order [he sun to set when
the prince asked him?
A. Because it wash't time.
No, I think he just wanted the
prince to stay longer.
Q. i didn‘t understand the
snake. Why do you think he
was there?
A. I don’t know,
Q. Do you think the prince
learned anything in his travels?
A, He learned that the flower
was special, because he carey
for it.
sellers lo the Editor
Head matter Hi log
Practice processed
To the Editor:
it has come to my attention
that there is something gotten
in the citizens oi Saga besides
the good.
Recently, Karl Southworth,
Head Walter of the Cowles Saga
crew, announced his decision to
design, effective as of Spring
break. 1969. His replacement:
sophomore Bob joyce.
The position oi head writer is
the most important a student
worker can hold. It details the
responsibilities oi scheduling
the hours of each worker to
iii in with his classes and april
cities, enhancing dress rules,
cooiiiciating at special meals
such as Thanksgiving or Valentine’s winners and Convoca»
tion. institution changes for better efficiency (including the
power to fire those who CorlSlSr
gently refuse to corporate), and
acting as a general hurricane to
 
AHWANQ’S
IF you as sruovme too HARD. ran: a BREAK AND
HAVE A cool pizza.
Your Place or unit: We include 20 minute ashvciv to your
room or come down and sample our (tuesday away-from-isa-colieiro
atmosphere.
PHONE 236-5212
10M at am: sanblsou
 
HELP WANTED
Malta Application now
Good Jobs as Summer camp counseling.
price Cheley Colorado Camps, oepi. A. bOl
Steele SL. Denver, solo. 8020b. Give interesting concerning skills and previous camping or counseling experience. Minimum at it years or age and Sophomore
standing. Directors at the camp will be on campus
the end or February to.- personal interviews with persons completing application toys by February lo.
I957.
decrease fraction between Saga
Chuck and the workers.
In addition, the Head matter
must be ready to will in in any
emergency when he cannon
find an adequate substitute.
obviously, then, this job is a
difficult one requiring an intimate knowledge of the "Saga
System."
The holder of the Head seller’s position cards a fixed salary
oi $700 per year, as compared to
the 5250 work grant awarded
the regular workers. it is this
salary more than any other sin
gle factor which makes the
job so currently desirable.
if the purpose of Saga work
grants is to supplement other
terms of financial aid to needs
students, I would question the
selection of Bob joyce, or any
other Saga worker who does not
have an employment grant, as
Head matter replacement.
It is one thing to hire workers
outside those on the long waiting
list in the financial alto report»
ment to work incidental meals,
especially during the first semester when there is a great
IT COSTS NO MORE TO
SEND THE VERY BEST
W
which/mark,
Quality Christmas Cards
{or as little as
I0 for 29¢.
birmingham's
Page The.
influx Di undefined freshmen
workers. But in my opinion, one
of the qualifications for the say—
tried position of Head matter.
should be financial need.
Among the sophomore boys
working for Saga this year are
at least seven who bit this dual.
education. Of these seven, at
least three have had considerable more experience with works
ing “behind the scenes" oi Saga,
on account of both the variety
and the sheer quantity or the
work loads they have universal.
en. The only reason i can see
that these three were overlooked is because of the “indespensible" nature of the services they are now performing,
In which case they should be
paid more (or this specialized
_ labor.
At any rate. the criterion oi
need, and to a large extent the
qualification of experience were
ignored by Saga Chuck and Karl
Southworth in their collaboration to choose a Head matter.
I request that they recognized
their decision in the light 01
these two factors, and also that
the Senate committee investigation Saga look into this matter.
mail Gilman
seller Bids Students
Be Strong in Courage
To the Editor:
1 wish to speak to all those
students who may feel disappointed, unrepresented. or
possibly list angry about the
events of the past new weeks
on this campus. Grinnell college is not one of the more
liberal places on earth. It you
are opposed to the recent social changes, do not think or
yourself as reactionary simply
because you are so informed.
If you still have a speaking
nutrition that mobility is important don't let some nincompoop talk you out oi it; all
significant human activity inVolves moral decisions. It
others have told you that personal behavior is of no concern to the community. l'premier that the community
is merely a peculiar collection oi persons.
You may have already discovered the fact that Grinneil
is a very unusual place.
There are very new radicals
here! Most people seem to be‘
leave what they believe because others believe it. They
could not believe it by theme
serves. Unfortunately, people
who may share your behets
seldom have the desire to express themselves. it is harder
to speak with reason than with
passion, and the applause is
nationally less.
Finally, it you don't
what’s happening say
thing. It is your right
responsibility. But say what»
ever you must say without
mortality, disrespect. and police. Do not make yoni-sell jul—
female to Character investigation. Arguments nil honiinem around on this campus.
Say what you believe because
you really believe It. not because your peers say that they
believe it. You may find yourself with more company man
you had examined. No society
has to be controlled by [close
who well the longest and say
the least.
like
someone
liyroii baugcrt
 
log- Four
Blades Tie cleveland 3-3
In penalty After 3-1 Loss
Grinnell's Blades bought
cleveland College to a 3-3 tie
in last Sunday's related at
the Ice Arena in Des points
The improvement at the
Griiinell squad literally
studied cleveland, who had
handed the Blades a at detect only a week earlier. 0ue
unhellevlng cleveland player
required as to whether the
Blades had picked up some
layers from Des points or
own State.
Coach - captain Mike Schat—
(er said the team had im-
moved in every department,
'The defense was real good,”
he noted. “We had lots or muscle, but our biggest improve
ment was passing. I’ve never
seen us pass so well before."
The Blades, playing with only a 1»man bench during the
(irst hall of the game (the car
carrying the other players
had a ﬂat tire on the way in),
rather a containing 270
ear],
The first goal was a do tour
classified shot by lettwiug
Bruce Graham which came in
the iii-st period.
B ryan McPhrtland, the
Blades’ right deienseman.
needed the second goal on a
to look slip shot to give Grin—
hell a 2-0 lead.
cleveland came back
strong in the second period to
know the score at 272. With less
than live minutes gone in the
final period they tools a 3-2
advantage,
The Blades regulated their
forces and tied the score when
Grant Crandall centered to
Tim Power who shipped in a
10 foot shot. all suite o! a continued surge on the cleveland
goal in the final minutes, the
Blades were not able to pull
out a Victory.
The game was characterized
by southwest and superb do
tension play. Ken tiger, the
Blades' line goalie, made 22
saves. One of the highlights of
the contest was a l-ones confroiitation ln which Ken came
15 feet out of the goal area to
make a save.
other standards on defense
were Pete Strouse, Terry Par—
since and Jeff “Boom Boom"
Mlllikin. Coach Schaliet‘ said
that it was the best game he's
seen Boom Boom play thus
far,
cleveland was handed with
5 penalties during the game.
Several times the untitled—(or
southwest turned into near
brands.
on offense Tom “Rocket"
Jackson, place Graham, Til-n
Power and Grant Crandall
played especially time games.
The Blades take to the ice
Sunday for their next game.
GRAY MATTER!
By BILL GRAY
I noted with mixed emotions the coming or the charitable ex-
pension of computational hours. They have little effect on me since
the last girl i had in my room had merely stopped by to ask directions to the Forum. Once again it appears that it will he the
I. M. program which will hear the print at the changing or campus lite. it used to he that I. M.’s were so popular and connected
so liercely because the male populace had little else to release
their pentium emotions. with FA hours or opens, however, it is
nouhtlul ii there will be enough sent-up anything among the men
to have even one good 4"-man Squamish match in fact, I don’t
believe that it would be out oi line to propose separate living quarters for those people who wish to retain their energy for use in
athletic investors; we could Call their form "The warehouse"
jchucklegutlaw).
I see where there is going to be co-ed pillgrpong In the North
Lounge. Last year they had bored badminton; it was won by
two men from Smith.
l. M. volleyball is over and, it anyone is interested, 1 Will
publish the standings next week. Charlie Brown once said, "Winning inn't everything, but losing inn’t anything." This is totally
extraneous, but then so is the whole article, so I guess it follows
the pattern of the article and thus inn't extraneousl? Which re<
minds me of someone who once told me that my Whole life was
nothing more than a documented syllogistic has.
Yes! It's True!
w. Do have Service on the premises, To show
you we onion your presence w. offer:
SPAGHETTI DINNER
with Salad. Garlic Bread
And Coffee . lens] .35
WEDNESDAY NlTE FROM 5 ‘TIL 9
AND
Free Pop with him in Our q Room
Sunday thru Thursday after 7 sun.
PAGLIAI'S — The Pizza People
927 Broad
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
} Analysis
(Continued mm Page 1)
proposal, there were two
issues to he resolved with respect to open forms. First.
there was the question oi what
will be done for the rest oi this
year, and now, a proposal
{or a permanent solution. unfortunately, the talks have been
hitting shares along the way.
Recent discussion has been deleted t0 the real status and
importance of the committee.
Members text that they had
been bypassed by the students
by recent declaration or home
rule in many forms, and that
they have been legally bypassed
by the President.
Progress seems slow because
of the many peripheral questions which must he answered,
because of the number oi proposals made to the committee
by students and faculty to be
considered, and because of the
small amount of time which
may he devoted to these problems, Limited to one hour a
Week, discussions are not al‘
lower to develop to such an extent that much can be accomp
listed: Mrs dollar freely advice
ted that little has been accomp
listed in the last few sessions.
Why do they not have more
meetings? The answer is the
limited amount of time mem<
here can give to their task. The
student members, each thu
head at an important student
organization. have responsibilities for numerous other tasks
which prevent them from relating greater attention to
problems of the committee.
Faculty members also feel burdened by other responsibilities.
A committee as important as
this one, a madison between Students, faculty, and the President, with power over decisions
in which students have a vital
interest, should be able to act
more quickly and with less
Confusion than this one has.
Possibly the students on the
committee should not be indi<
signals who have so little time
to spend working with it. Also,
because the interest groups in«
valued can and do bypass the
procedures of the committees
its decisions seem to have
limited authority. Perhaps if
the warnings oi the Student affairs Committee were streamlined, future problems would be
estimated to its care.
>Grinnell House
(Continued (rain Page 1)
souls (or the new house and
asked for contributions, The latter was updated but presumably was written while the
house was being constructed.
“Please do not continue this as
placing you spider any stress
nor as being any test whatever
oi the fingering or your attachmen to the College or to President Main. . . . it you wish to
corporate, any amount that
you may send or pledge from
time dollars up, or even less
will he deadly received." The
house was not fully paid for
then, and during the Depression was a genuine “white era
plant“ for the College.
(To I)? continued next week)
JD'S RESTAURANT
92271 M-in
Mon. . Sat. 5 to lo let.
sunday—NDOH to ID pin.
 
ll bowl What [I it?
2 Whitha period to your Vii»:
Mark iv
1 just coupon't identify
with that can
4. Don’t you think you ought to
hold onto A car more than a
month, Chet?
When you see a great
buy Coming your any,
you has- to grab it.
Python LTD.
Fully equipped.
3. That’s what you said about
the Sidewinder Eight
But a Python is something else. Edition—ti»
ﬂour, six-barrel. crib,
muscle yacht i r and
what I steady
5, That's what i did yesterday‘
signed up for Living Insurance
from available, At my age the
cost is low, and I get solid
yt'election now that will confirm.
to cover my family later when
I go married. Plus n nice
nest egg when I return.
With the right set or
wheels. you'll go a
long way,
For information about Living irisoronce, see The Man from r ultahlo.
For career opportunities at available, you your Placement 0 her. ol
whom Lionel ltd. Stevens, bliuaget, College Employment.
THE ﬁEQUITABLE
Thu available Lira Armada. Society at the United Sillsiziis Avomm or the lib”. New York, New York 100”
A4: Equal Dupmtmuty Employ-1,31]! o [quit-bl: ml
 
ADDRESS HERE;
1
 
