julie $1:
Oldest College Newspaper West at the Mississippi
alert & ililatlt
GRINNELL COLLEGE
 
Volt LXXVI
Grinnell, lows. Wednesday, December ll, was
No. I!
 
25 of l35 favors
Attend Science
Division Meeting
A meeting or motors in the
Science division was held on
Monday, following a memorandum from Dean states concern
ing the possibility of seating
junior and senior motors on
their divisions' Educational
Policy Committees. The proposal was designed to make
possible faculty consultation
with students on departmental
reaching policies.
of the 135 motors in the
Science division, only 25 its
tender this ﬁrss meeting for
discussion of the proposal. Students who did come brought up
several questions concerning
the mechanics or seating std<
sent EPC members,
Mr. Walker, chairman of the
Science division, commented
that there was no consensus
at the meeting on the options
offered, He added, “I don‘t consider oileefiftlt oi the group or
motors suggested in the Executive Council's plan to he rep—
reservation of the division.”
Walker continued, “I, personally, am seriously interest
ed in getting some feedback
from students, because 1 think
it is extremely important that
a student voice be heard in
curriculum affairs}
Yearly does league
wrestling Again
A potential Grinnell wrestling problem, lack of depth
and balance, contracts monkey ximbro as he begins his
inaugural season as Pioneer
mentor.
Coach Kimbm's five returning batteries include a
trio of planets at last year's
Midwest Conference Meet.
Dori Kraitsik, the loop's
1677pound tourist in 1967,
placed third in that weight
class last winter after being
undefined most of the cams
paint by an arm injury. He
returned to action just a
week before the loop meet,
and posted a 6-3 record for
the season.
Bill Wedding called a
15-4-1 campaign by taking
second at 160, and Joel picks
man came in fourth at 123
and compiled an 8-6 mark for
the Season.
The other Veterans are Bob
LeBell, who was 2716 at 145
and 152, and John Shaw,
1-151 at 130, 145 and 152.
The top sophomore prospects are Ted click, 160-167;
Steve buildings, 167: and
Alex martin, a 191 founder
who will have to fill in at
lightweight much at the
time, They were consistent
winners a year ago as members of criminal's freshman
team,
 
The Trains Hardly Go By Anymore
Every Monday and Thursday
afternoon a slow ireiglit reports
f1 .ni Llutshalltown, 1a., bound
for Albia. it is the only route
early scheduled train which still
uses the iron horsepath which
grades central campus. Occasionally, a handjob can be seen.
but the Grinnell College of tested'year' which attempted trainloving students from all over
the country is dead. In the
near future, evidence calls niuy
even he using railroad ties to
store their fireplaces.
The railroad has had an im<
contact role in the history of
Grinnell. 1. B. Grinnell founded
the city oi criminal at the inter
section of the northrsnuth and
the northwest railroad lines,
After Horace bradley told principal to “Go West, young man,"
he did, and in St, Louis he met
Henry part-law, the man who
owned the railroad which built
the norton~sought line through
campus. r'rom him, Griniolt
learned where his line would
cross the Rock Island, and
there he founded Gn'shell,
When the town was founded,
.1. H. Grinnell laid out its general plan. Among other things,
he set. aside the land for fri .
well University which he hoped
would be built holiday, At that
time the north-south line ran
beside the campus rather than
through it, The College did not
purchase the land east of the
tracks until later. Students who
consider the tracks in central
campus a guidance may wonder
why Grinnell set aside land
next to the railroad tracks for
a College. No large plot ot land
could have been very far from
fails, especially it it were near
the center oi the Grinnell of
the 1850’s.
in 1863, the ﬁrss passenger
train Came down from the
north. An entry in the diary of
Josephus eastern for June 27,
186.5, described the event. “The
first passenger car came
through today. This is an era
in the history of Grinnell. It
looks like the Eastern style of
living. Now, for the first time
in ﬁve years 1 live in a town
where the cars run. murray for
the cars, murray, Hurrahl”
Grinnell had many trains
traveling through until relatively recently. in 1953, the last
passenger train on the portsmouth line was dropped. The
students on campus changed
down the “Doodlebug" on what
they thought was its last run
and served the crew and the
passengers daughters and com<
lee. Until last Summer the
freiglits ran twice a day from
Marshalltowu to Peoria, and
smith campus residents with
one o'clock classes often had
to watch the train go by.
swingers Win 6
0f l4 Con’basis
In Knox delays
On December 1, the Grinnell
swimming team computed in
the 15th annual Knox delays,
and won six of fifteen events.
Gi‘innell teams also took second
in four events. No all-around
team scores were kept at this
meet,
unfortunately, however, this
hopetul earlyrseasdn solomon.
made does not quite tell the
whole story. Grinnell still packs
depth in the allrimportant
sprint races, whereas plymouth, who was interested in
dual meets last season, looks
nearly as strong as ever in this
area. Lawrence, who won the
conference meet last spring,
did not come to the Knox delays this year. Cornell, who did
come, looks much improved.
KNOX RELAYS
Grinneil Results
variety Diving Team Totals;
1. Knox 332.15, 3. Grinnell
279.50; Indivniua Results: 1.
tracker (Knox) 217.60; 2. Froh-
inch 161. 6. Graham.
Freshman Dlvln Team Totals; 1, Knox 230. z. Grinnell
148.50; individual Results: 1.
Johnson (Knox) 136.5; , . . 4.
barnes; 5. russell.
4x100 wesley Relay (Fresh):
1. simon 4:112; 2. Grinnell
(Ward, sales, being, Cams)
4:121,
4x100 wesley Relay (variety):
1. Grinnell (Williams, Meyer,
collins, Gordon) 4:021),
3x200 Free (variety): 1, plymouth 5:55.G: (Grinneli disabilities).
3x100 Butterﬂy (variety): 1.
Griilnell (Williams, Dale, collins) 3:103,
4x50 Flee (cross): 1. Knox
1:381; r . . 4. Grinnell (sales,
Cams, Carroll, being) 1:401.
4X50 Free (variety): 1. Knox
1:318; , , . 4. Grinnell (collins,
picks, Gordon, explain) 1:365.
3x100 individual wesley
(Frosli): 1. Grlniiell (being,
partner, Ward) 13:11.9.
3x100 individual wesley (Van
silk): 1, plymouth 3205.9; 2.
Grinneli (Brown, Wi cams,
Meyer) 3:031.
3x100 Backstroke (variety):
1. Cornell 3:11“; 2. Grinncll
(Swackhamer, gilbert, Brown)
3:343.
3x100 Breaststroke (cross):
i. plymouth 3:313; (no Grinnell entry).
3x100 Breaststroke (variety):
1, Grinnell (gilbert, Brown,
Meyer) 3:28.41
4X10i] Free (Flash): 1. print
well (Ward, Cams, partner,
sales) 3:371.
4x100 Free (variety): 1. plymouth 3:28.9; , i i 4. Gl'innell
(explain, Gordon, Dale, picks)
3:441.
Six Pioneers Make
All-Midwest Squad
Despite the Pioneers' 3-5
football season, they must
have impressed the rest or
the conference with the large
number 01 players Grinnell
placed on the All-Midwest
Squads. or the six chosen,
the only Grinnell player
picked for the ins: team
was 1968 CoCaptain Don
Kraitsik as a defensive halfback. “robbie Don" cialis,
another 1968 C0»Captain, was
a second team check as
tackle on license and defense. He was the only player
iiom any school to make the
all-conference team both 017
relatively and effectively.
Other players making the
Second All-Midwestern Conference unit on offense were:
senior John winter‘sonﬁnd,
1968 CorCaptain, senior Jon
russell, back, and Senior
Brian Barnesiback. Tom
Lower, a Senior, made the
Second defensive team at the
contracting spot.
McKibben Memorial
Benefits King Fund
Contributions to the Martin
Luther King, 112, Scholarship
Fund made in the name of
Tinioth y McKihhen have
adjusted to $224 as of this
date, Father John merger has
announced. Other Contributions
are being sent directly to the
college, where 535 has so taibeen received.
Timothy McKlbben, son or
Professor and Mrs. McKibben, was killed in an accident
in the Swiss Alps early last
summer, but his body was
found only last week,
A require mechanism was
integrated by Father John
merger, assisted by Frank
Thomas, at St, Paul's principal
Church last Wednesday, December 4.
Timothy McKibben
1947 1768
He never came down
to age
and walk on safer ground
and treasure
the memory of what he saw.
So, time will never dim,
for him,
what others lose,
or never had,
or never seek.
He processed it,
with so much more,
when the earth,
not the vision,
received him.
Robert W. McMillan
Faculty Delays
Adding Students
To Admissions
,.4 Student representation on the
Admissions Committee was des<
closed and voted on at l faculty meeting Monday. Th
Committee on Faculty Organization recommended almost
full student representation on
the admission Committee. A1thought the faculty was generally in favor oi student representation, it voted against the proposal. Because or concern over
receiving Confidential files on
applicants to students, it did
record the Faculty organize<
tion Committee to study time
idea more and submit a new
proposal after the semester
break.
At the well attended meeting,
extreme disagreement was we
pressed from both sides, and
debate on the issue listed for
almost the total of the two
hour meeting, The final vote,
which failed or a majority was
42 to 34, with many assumptions.
The proposal ol the Faculty
Organization Committee nov<
fred two areas The committee recommended that students
be given full representation on
the Admissions Committee concerning policy matters. Concerning student participation in
the defining of special cases
which do not fall within the
policy guidelines, the committee recommended that Student
members be given voting rep«
reservation but not full access
to the confidential files of appliance.
The difficulty on this second
point centered on privacy or
files and Whether students
should be allowed to see confidential recommendation and
medical forms, The committee's proposal on this question
seemed to he a compromise be
green giving the student members voting rights with full access to ﬁles and no voting representation at all. Although, according to one faculty member,
a good case was made for the
“coding" of information (using
symbols for proper names)
from confidential forms, the
mood or the faculty at Monday’s meeting was apparently
towards not allowing any representation in this area, and
the Committee on Faculty 0P
generations is expected to come
up with a new proposal of that
nature.
Because of the length of the
discussion on the Admissions
Committee, the faculty heard
an appreciated version of Mr.
pages's report on me Student
affairs Committee. his report,
submitted now because he will
M on leave next semester,
called the faculty's role in the
present priority oi student. and
tliidulrsiioluuil c.,..e..rely mud23L
 
Page Two
julie ﬁrarlvl & Mark
student Newspaper of Grinnell collar.
Grinnell, Iowa
new
m ﬂ
’l/M lOWENSE 0‘9
An Independent newspaper published weekly.
cxccpl during holidays and examination periods, by
me Grinnell cornmmce on Student Publications
subscription rule 56.00 per school year.
s
O
,0.
Fl
0
The Semester’s End
The semester has been a tempestuous one. There was the Schneirov
trial, the destinations of home rule,
the President’s proposal on limitations,
the addition of students to faculty
committees, and the course evaluation
form. For every extraordinary event
that happened, countries routine ones
occurred. But history is concerned
with the ”great and wonderful needs
of men," and a newspaper is con<
corner with what is new, whether it
be great and wonderful or ugly and
base, It is generally through what is
extraordinary and unusual that we
come to an appreciation of an era.
Students have shown the characteristics of students everywhere. They
may have become famous for their
more educational and english needs,
but they have also done a few construction things. Events that are educational, such as standard having to do
with limitations, may appear often in
the national papers, but they are no
more important than such enterprises
as the Course Evaluation Committee,
which, despite the numerous shortcomings of its evaluation form,
showed a genuine interest in improving what ought to be the primary concern of the student—his curriculum.
For every good thing that the students do, they probably do at least
two bad things, for they are young,
and Zeus’ second url is twice as large
as his first. But such is the destiny of
students, and of all banking, and we
should not, perhaps, be too hard on
them.
A Correction
Last week we printed a story on
the meeting of the Humanities Division which contained numerous errors. We attributes certain remarks to
Mr. either Which were erroneous. We
reported that processors were invited
to the meeting. The meeting was for
the chairman of the division, the
chairman of the division's E.P.C., and
junior and senior motors only. For our
errors, international yet serious, we
apologize.
SCARLET AND BLACK
Wodnol'day. December 11' 19"
 
JAMES ALEXANDER ARIETI
Editor-ill-julie/
KATHERINE NEWKlRK
Managing editor
YVOR STOAKLEY
Sports Editor
JOHN GARDNER
Associate Editor
MIMI ANDERSON
Art smith"
BRUCE STROM
Business Manager
DOUGLAS EARL
Circulation Manager
Jeilrcy carzau, Cllliord rronllch, David M,
Gibson, John oornlcy. Sllwhen Grow. Melissa Hiyr,
Mark Sableman, Eleonora Spicgcl.
Reporters
Pearl xadola, karen Stewart
assistance
The Last Editorial
An editor’s first editoral has the
characteristics of youth — it is more
idealistic than it ought to be, it reveals impossible expectations, and it
often gallery assumes a knowledge of
men’s medications. An editor’s last
editorial has the marks of old age—it
is typical, and the editor, having been
frustrated in his expectations more often than not, and having discovered
the wellness of the word in interesting the behavior of men, and having
learned, as printable said, that most
human things turn out to be worth not
much, usually complaint of the lack
of support given his newspaper.
In this, my last editorial, I shall
neither deny that I have been frustrated in my expectations, nor shall
I complete that working on the newspaper has been unrewarding and
desirable. I shall simply whether my
institute to those who helped this
newspaper to appear.
The people of Buildings and
Grounds, who generously allowed us
a use of the college wagon and
helped us to overcome bureaucratic
installed in obtaining the car, are
changed. I thank the countries people who, because I myself do not
know how to drive, drove me to
Newton, where our paper is printed.
Mr. derek, and the other printers,
must be changed for putting up with
our youthful and inexperienced interference.
Our many writers, who had to
ensure moderators strict headlines
and my own grouchiness, are changed
for their medication and tolerance.
John partner and Mark Sableman,
who showed great real and willingness to do news stories, are particular—
ly acknowledged, Thanks go also to
Don looked and Sue Miller, who, during my first week with the S&B, provided advice and many hours of assistance to the new editor, who had
no previous experience in journalism,
except for the publication of the David
M. Gibson Memorial Newsletter. To
the others who helped with headlines,
proof-reading, and general advice, I
give my concern thanks.
No thanks can signing the extent
of my institute to catherine Newkirk, the managing editor, for her excellent work,
Well, to the new editor, Susan
Kaeser, I wish good luck, and to all, a
pleasant vacation.
BRIDGE: POST MORTEMﬁ
Hy .ill-llc GORDLEY
For those who still have last
week's paper, try counting the
errors made by the author as
a test of your awareness of the
assure. Then add one for allowing the “boy wonder” to Write
the column in the first place.
To finish off the semester
properly, here is a description
of new conventions and plays
intended by the bridge enthuslasts of the Forum.
1) The Goftlieb 3 Spadesl
played by Marcus courier,
holder of the Alpha Bridge Center boobs Prize. After a one
space bid by partner, jump (0
three spaces with less than live
points and three spaces below
the ten in hand.
2) The Shaw Club soup: originally by John Shaw, distinguished Classical Languages
major, this play involves leading a low club from board missing the Ace»King. When the op
poneni in second position plays
low, cover with the Queen in
hand. When the other opponent,
who hash't been paying aiienflan, asks who played this
Queen, immediately inform him
that It was his manner and take
the trick us he plays low from
his King.
a) The manchester 2-salt flnesse; initiated by the famous
Des points miracle, this spa.
cializecl play requires the Ace.
Queen oi spaces and low diamond: In hands and low space!
and the AcerQueen of diamond:
on the board. [independently
leading a low space instead of
diamond, and seeing it covered
by the Jack, play the Queen 01
diamonds in hopes that the 0px
position won’t notice.
4) The Gottlieb Twoway FL
jesse: after having successfully finished the King of Hearts
from board to hand, lead a low
heart to the jack in jimmy.
hoping to catch the opponent
with the King off guard.
These are only a few or the
many variations brazenly at.
related this semester in the
Forum. But with the stainless
imagination 01 our players, the
possibilities for unorthodox bridge are excellent for
next year.
r_._.__.___~___—_.—.
sellers lo the Editor
approved daniel‘l’s
‘Freedom of Speech'
To die editors
i would like to applied Mr.
rangers for the line statement
shown in his letter to the S“!
of Nov. 29, I also believe that
it is the july oi every member
or the community lo express his
beliefs, however contrary these
might be lo the opinions of the
community at large. This is one
of the reasons that I feel that
students who are dissatisfied
with the nature of the social
and academic atmosphere of
Grinnell College have a “right
and a responsibility" to seek an
elimination of the archive
values (mobility, if you will)
upon which this institution seems
to rest.
i do have a “speaker nutrition that mobility is important,"
but i also have a speaking nutrition that when one attempts
to impose his mobility on others
one may find himself ”concerning the insider" or “making the
world safe for Democracy."
While i don’t wish to go on record as completely concerning
all attempts at moral activity,
I will cite the fact that the great»
est wins illustrated upon man<
kind were discussed attempts
of men who felt it was their
duty to correct the brings of
society. But please don't conduct the opinions of the outspoken majority (if i may call them
that) with such attempts io impose a mobility on the entire
student body, They are only
seeking to eliminate artsﬁquality
of a system which diverse them
oi freedom and encourages irresponsibility (for freedom en—
fails responsibility), and this individual freedom is not canon»
immls with a lack oi mobility.
Certainly all signsﬁcant human
activity involves moral decisions. Society seeks in place
those invisible of making such
decisions correctly in its eyes
(which like human eyes area't
perfect) into prison or mental
institutions. While Grinnell
might bare a renaissance lo
both aforementioned vehicles, it
dress't process in be either.
automatically it should (Within
legal institutional limits—devil’h
er oi which are as rigorous as
our Student Handbook would
lead one to believe) grant its
reasonably intelligent and mature student body at least that
degree of freedom to which it
is entitled by the society apart
from Grinnell.
Admittedly in some areas it
grants us more, for which we
should be thankful, but it should
strike to change those aspects
which are efficient. Every student, regardless oi his opinion,
should have something to say
while such changes are undertaken and l likely agree with
Mr. rangers that everyone
should speak out.
Bernard pulled
Judges Ethics, Social
studies Courses
To the Editor:
I must express my personal
opinion of the merit of the
seminar in ethical discussion
course, especially the insight—
wr's role as a resource person in
the field of group dynamics.
We were not limited to any
one method of Class discussion.
I looked forward to the evening
meetings just to see what Haas
and harley had come up with
this time. Then they did something really revolutionary, i
think H they asked us what
we wanted to do. And we did
it. We’ve been through the
classical approach — you know.
printable, plate, Hume, Mill.
want, ad lnﬁnitum. We checked
that after a quarter; men the
Students did their thing. sep,
LETTERS—
(Continued Page 3. Col 1)
 
Wednesday. Do omliar if. 1%!
firewall to 'the S8tB
SCARLET AND BLACK
l’age title!
 
 
} Letters
(Continued from Page 2)
we became involved personally
with the course; we planned
the classes!
Sure, it has its poor points,
but I forestry think that as an
experiment, it is the most exciting course offered on the
Grinnell campus.
0n the social studies course.
A lot of students have given up
on it, I know; ave almost given
up on the Grinnell student, howeve and that’s my excuse for
avon ng the classes (besides
the fact that I sheet through a
third of them. This course is another Grinnell experiment. Too
large-scale, perhaps, not outlined enough, perhaps, not experimental enough, p e i- h a p s.
But it is credit-fail, It is an
attempt to give the students
what they are asking for. it has
offered some of the most fascinating assignments (i.e. going
to a bar, a cattle auction, or
[u the Grinnell Historical Museum). It is relevant. So what
if the materials are dead; so
will you and l and all of Grinnell be dead one day, too.
This is to wish you a merry
Christmas and to say Grinnell
inn’t Utopia, but it’s trying!
Pearl Kadotﬂ
Xmas Poem Gluddens
Josiah Newton
Tn the Editor:
It has come to my attention
that you have written a poem
about me which is appearing
in the Christmas Supplement or
The charles and Black this
week. I want you to know that
I am indeed hundred and
touched by your action, for i
never thought I was worthy of
a poem.
I must admit that I have not
had much time to read the
newspaper this semester, but it
is not because I didn’t like it.
Indeed, 1 hardly saw it, for r
was always busy studying,
which, after all, is the duty of
a student.
If you have an extra copy
or the poem, would you please
solid a copy to my hunt. See
me for the address.
Josiah Newton
 
I A Senior's Last Glance at Grinnell
By ANDREW ROTHSTEIN
As I leave Grinnell, I am
aware of two contradictory dramatic schemes which are dying
for that hundred place in my
mind which will be my memory
of this school, of the two, the
one that expressed my discs»
treatment, an charitable disappointment after being told that
Grinnell is the Harvard oi the
Midwest," draws upon concrete
dissatisfactions [or its strength.
The other, the more positive remembrances, seems composed
completely of intangibles.
Paramount is the delay that
services the campus. The listening bourgeois university and
acceptance ct that university is
the primary danger Grinnell
must face in the near future.
Too many students have come
here with either no foundations
or with a rigiditied corpus of
drama that they refuse to review. Neither allows for growth.
The former case results in insecure, self-conscious efforts to
be "in." These are the students
who cannon debut even the most
promotion challenges to their
newly - adopted creek. They
merely stand sputtering and embarrassed. Opposed in surface
manifestations to those psueduLeitisls—Rightists, and this is
the shame of Grinnell, are the
inarticulate but loud New felt—
ists and Archaic highlight. Both
are so sure of themselves that
they bubble on and on using
credits commonwealth. While
these people have a supervision
understanding oi the terms they
use, they cannon pursuant anyone: simply because they either
cannon trace the fundamental
roots of their beliefs or these
roots have long since died. Typi—
cal oi this diploma is the frequent resort to “You know "
in any case. there is no effort to
come to an in-depth completed—
sign at the problems that are to
be attacked, nor are examined
the considerations that will arise
from the assumedly remedies
focus-focus.
Parallel to this evaluation of
the student body is the encounter ambiguity/decent of the Ad.
registration which does not treat
as students as people capable of
learning from experience. documentation between Establishe
ment and student uncoordination has been decided as much
as possible through the use or
rules and dimensions that have
speed only to cloud the issues
and observe the farmers Stand.
The ﬁnfl proof of the Administration's detection of the processed goals of this college is the
new P. E. Complex that has
taken preference over the updating oi the Library and the
expansion of the teaching staff.
Still, Grinnell is in that marks era through which all institutions must wonder. The
grandeur that it was maintains
a relatively high level or classroom education; but unless the
efforts or faculty and students
to shore up the collecting system and to object new equality
succeed, Grinnell will become
the France of American higher
education. Two things make me
pessimistic about Grinnell's future in this respect, The faculty
is [00 conservative; the students
are quarters. The incident at the
classes on central campus last
semester passed like some
housing joke—the students, by
not following it up, gave the im»
pressing that the Administration
was really calling all the shots;
the seriousness of the matter
was not driven home by regulations after the first classes were
removed Even the Black students, by allowing themselves to
be revealed into submission at
[he rock Democratic Convention last year, have shown a
Willingness to give up. The
growth of CBS plus such positive
steps as the films that were
shown and the visit by Chambers is perhaps only a screen
riding the fact that The Brotherhood seems to have been allowed to pass recently into julie
tion.
Oh, but there are some post—
time aspects. My wife, my son,
and my friends. The rest 1 could
have found elsewhere.
Acting Good in The Dutchman
By ELEONORE SPIEGEL
LeRol Jones' Dutchman is not a piece of work to be taken lighter, though it contains some hysterically funny lines, because it
brings to mind serious questions about current movements among
black people. From the moment white Lula (newbie Abbott)
things her sexy little self into the seat next to black Clay Williams
(trade Murdock), she begins to rock him. She counts his clothes,
his mind, his managed; in fact. she finds something with which to
affiliate him in everything he does and says. Clay tolerance Miss
Abbott’s quick and closer shirts from sexy to scornful to careful
as long as he can. He humans her outbursts and accepts her invitations. But even the good-hundred character Mr. Murdock p0
trans has a breaking point; and Lula's counts about his unsophisticated black investors seem to snap something inside him. Because Mr. Murdock's acting is so good and because we have seen
how Miss Abbott has brought him to that point, the sudden transition that Clay makes from the quiet, middlerclass metro to the
angry black is vulnerable; and the stream of abuse Clay hours
north so passionately does not take us by surprise.
Whether Jones intended it or not, the play up to this point bears
a certain renaissance to metro history in America. insurance after
insurance throughout the years has sometimes resulted in an historical anger selling up in black people. When that violent anger
takes possession of a man, his worse nature. as Jones says in the
play. demands, indeed needs, revenge. It is too late at that point
for reason and religion to work their beneficial inﬂhence. As Jones
says, if you force a man who is currently angry to submit to reason,
he will only murder with rational expectations.
Two questions arise front these considerations. First, is a man
who is driven to loss of self-Control by insurance suitable for the
bad actions which he does While his anger stays him? recently,
what will the result of his actions be? Dutchman does not deal
with the first question. but it gives some answer to the second.
While Clay is touring out his integration, Lula becomes more and
more hateiui. When the outburst is over and clay is preparing to
leave the sunday, Lula suddenly class him to death. Violence,
Jones seems to be saying, even the violence of righteous and passionate anger, breeds more violence and more insurance — a point
which those who wish to be in the grip of such historical anger
might well consider.
Given the play they chose, the Ex-logo players are to be commented for their excellent acting. Because I have it on good
authority that Grinnell actors want to be customized on their presentations, I have ranked my trains to find flags with Miss Abbutts and Mr. Murdoch’s performances and can offer only a
couple or suggestions. Miss Abbott might have made more of a
contrast between Lola's electrical and genuine emotions; what
seemed to be the real Lula Coming through in moments of diSv
just or hate did not appear very different from the sexy. leasing
Lula. And, in the ﬁrss act, Mr. Murdock was a little too middleclass and corporate to be continuing.
Variety Sets Tone F or Concert
By MELISSA HAYS
The members of the Ensemble contemporary, Mr. and Mrs.
Patrick Purswell and Mr. and Mrs. Paul Zonn, played for a small
but enthusiastic audience Friday night.
First on the program were live capricoios for oboe and piano
by Ursula Mamlok. Composed in 1968, these pieces received one
or their first performances Friday night. Because of their variety
of effects and wide range of dynamics, 1 found them more interesting than the Music for Oboe and Piano by Alan about.
In the composition of Five Pieces for Piano, Pulitzer Prize
winner George Coremb used the stringrplucking technique with
great success. The difficulty in the pertcrniance of these pieces
lies in the detailed rotation that must be carefully followed. Also,
a sophisticated medal technique is required to certain certain
notes longer than others which have the same attack point. The
first piece was played inside the instrument, achieving a mysterious, external effect, whereas the last was played both on the
keys and directly on the strings, the tension increasing with the
shortening of the intervals between inside and Outside playing,
Mosaik, by the Swiss composer Hans Ulrich germany, allows
the performer more freedom than the drums work. Many “features” (comparable to “phrases") are carefully located by the
composer, but their arrangement is left to the performer who
seeks to give them the proper balance. This is not to say that such
a piece is easily performed. The liberal qualities of the clarinet
are fully explained, and the microlonal trials and the double and
multiple-stops require a great deal of mystery. A route solo, sequence, by mario was similar to the german in its use of liberal
effects.
Last on the program was an investigation, the disorder. Although events appeared and were animated in all the parts, there
were no defining patches or time values assigned. Thus, while a
unity was maintained by playing within certain restrictions, the
players were allowed a great deal oi freedom in the interpretation
of their parts. Many numerous moments were provided by various
things, books and numbers. A tape recorder was used to either
play pre-recorded sounds or to play back the music that it had just
recorded. These were played forward or backward, straight or
disturbed. E h player showed a sensitivity and awareness at the
es as they had throughout this fine performance.
 
SCARLET AND BLACK Wednesday. December III IV“
“ever's Laundry &
.' ‘. y Cleaning
Poweshiek' .   :—
Nat' onalx
>
' (18 sons Inc.
if)" 0 I
brand's Shoes I '_ ,
frames's jewelry1
Margaret drink's Varsny News Stand
Town & Country Shop :The virgin Press —john prospect
fathers Drugs Wilcox-oakland Furniture
195%
 
