ERINNEu
Du dollar
.. SCaELdt % Mask
With so little money left, till we could afford
was to pick up discussed type from the comparing room floor
SENIOR
AND
ALUMNI
ISSUE
 
Vol LXXV
 
 
 
 
 
BARRY COMMDNER
COMMONER
TO ADDRESS
CANDIDATES
Physiologist Barry commonly
will deliver the address today
when the 1968 exercises of
announcement close Grinnell
College’s 12an academic year.
A class of 250 candidates for
bachelor of arts degrees will
hear Dr. commonly speak on
"From influence to Survival"
It the 2 pm. categories on
central campus.
Dr. commonly is director of
the Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems at Washington University, st. Louis, Mo.,
and also serves as a professor
or plant physiology and as
chairman of the rotary department.
President suggest will center
the en. degrees on the graduates and will award contrary
degrees to Dr. commonly (doctor or science) and three Grinnell alumni — Dr. Dennis H.
Kelly, '18 (doctor of science),
aaron L. Koenig, ’32 (doctor
or humans letters), and weight
J. Porter, '38 (doctor of Laws).
Dr. Kelly, a pediatrician,
was a key staff member at
ilhe Raymond Blank Memorial
Hospital for Children in Des
points for 27 years before illness forced him to return in
1955.
He has gathered numerous
articles on the care and treatment of Infants and children,
and since 1960 has edited the
Journal of the iowa Medical
Society.
Last year, the iowa Medical
Society presented him its annual award of merit in recognition of his outstanding con.
sections to medicine.
A graduate or the Northwestern University Me d i c al
School, Dr. Kelly is a member
of the American Academy of
Pediatricians, American Medical Association, Alpha Omega
Alpha medical society, Phi Beta
happy, and the Grinnell College Advisory Council.
An administrator with the De—
partners of State’s Foreign
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday. May 24. isoa
BUSY SUMMER FOR 8&6 MEN
RADIO
TURNED
ON
Grimeii’s FM radio Station,
KDIC, began operation Monday
night. The forward, controversial station. with studios in
the northwest cover of party
Gym, began broadcasting with
a message from station manager Al Cloud.
The first six hours of programming Monday night included a soul music show with
the Star of the East, Babak
Armajani, a rock show with
Ray center and Mike larger,
and a folk and rock Show with
Barry Ancona.
KDIC, 89.5 on the FM dial,
can be picked up several miles
from the campus, and plans to
broadcast through the weekend
The station will be closed during the summer.
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllilllllllllulllllllllllllllllllllll
Service Institute for lo years,
Koenig was named to his present position as dean for academic relations in 1965.
Before joining the institute's
staff, he served as a cultural
attacks at the American Embassy in London for two years,
and received special compensation for his work there from
former Secretary of State John
Foster pulled and from the
University of London.
Dr. Koenig earned M, A. and
Ph. D, degrees at the University of iowa and was a member of the American history
faculty at George Washington
University from 1945 to 1958.
Porter, who has been ambassador to Lebanon since 1965,
joined the Department of State
in 1948 and was named deputy
director of the displayed Persons Commission the following
year.
First secretary in the American Embassy in London from
1954 to l956. he handled several
other State Department assignments the next three years, in.
closing coordination of Hungac
ian refused relief.
He served with the American
Embassy in Vienna from 1959
to 1963, and then spent two
years as an assistant secretary
of state for administration be
more assuming his present assignment in Beirut in 1965.
Porter studied at. American
University and was associated
___’——
COMMENCEMENT—
(Continued on Page 5)
TODAY
10:30 am.
Vietnam
announcement
career Plaza
Speakers:
Barry commonly
Douglas Dowd
The south campus reception
center will be ready for operation this fall, according to 3&5
head Dale dawn.
Construction on the Physical
Education Complex should begin this summer. The plans for
the structure, presently in the
hands of the U. 5. Government,
will hopefully be approved by
Julie 1. Work should begin six
weeks later. Huwn estimated
twenty months as the construction time.
in the planning stages are a
new directory (where the pool
is now), a central dining hall
(east of party), and a museum
(north of career Plaza).
13er has had a busy year
of construction and repairs in
addition to remaining damage
from vandalism (which dawn
estimates at $2,000 to $5,000 a
year), changes were made in
directories to meet the specs-
ﬁnations oi the Fire partial’s
report.
The heating plant and the
service building were completed
in December as was the radio
station studio. New offices were
created in nursing basement,
the maintenance building on 5th
Avenue was recovered for ad-
registration use, and parking
spaces were called out of the
grass on East Street,
BBzG will be busy this summer: installing a new master
time clock for the campus;;
filing the nursing doors so they
won’t break every time the
wind blogs; turning the service
bureau into offices for the anthropology department; creating
four new resident advisor suites
on north campus; doing minor
repairs on 300400 north campus rooms; remodeling copies
lounge; putting a new ﬂfor and
exterior entrance on the liable
laundry (the hole behind libs
bee); putting new heat controls
in south campus rooms; providing new and better electricity
for north campus (the hole in
front or Langan); remodeling
the make shop; turning 1022
Park Street into two faculty
apartments; inspection and re
mailing faculty housing; and
rating the old heating plant.
Proposed projects include:
recruiting party; putting new
display cases in the science
building (or the physics department; establishing an electronic paying system for EELG men
and security forces; and remodeling ARI-1.
llllIllillillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllliilllllllllilllllllllllliillllllllllllllillllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllll
 
m s.
Album cover photo by Hot: Hodieml
Grinnell's own Ann Kirschner and Dru McConaughy
made their first album this Spring. The record. which included many songs written by the two girlsA sold out on
campus within two days.
No. 12
’58 GRAD
PHI BETE
SPEAKER
Michael P. Goodrich, I 1955
graduate of Grinnell College,
will speak on “involvement—
Our ‘Now' Responsibility" at
the Phi Beta happy tea and
lecture at 4 pm. today in the
South Lounge.
Goodrich, a member of Phi
Beta happy who was graduated
with honors in history from
Grinnell, is a Baltimore, Md,
insuranceman who was selected as one of Maryland's ﬁve
outstanding young men in 1967.
A school teacher and coach
for five years following his grad<
nation, Goodrich began working
with Northwestern Mutual Life
insurance Company on at maritime basis in 1960 and became
a iulletime agent with the firm
in 1963.
The company’s youngest
general agent, Goodrich is a recognized specialist in essay
planning and a national Quality
Award winner, and has been a
consistent $2 million and over
producer or life insurance sales.
He has presented sales seminars throughout the country and
has spoken at national meetings of Northwestern Mutual
Life.
Goodrich is also active in
church and civic affairs in his
community. He has an M. A.
degree in history and education
from the Johns Hopkins Uni.
version and has completed a
majority of the requirements
for a PhD. in education.
IlllllillllllllllllllllillllIIlllilillllllllllllilllllllllllilllililllllllllilllllllll
N0 GRADES
AT ANTIOCH
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The faculty of Antioch
College has voted to english
grades, and replace them with
a “credit/no credit” system of
evaluating students’ work
At present Antioch has an
A—B~C—D-F trading scale. The
new system, which was approved hy the faculty May 7,
requires faculty to give fairly
detailed reports on the progress
of students in addition to as
signing them “credit or no
credit” for courses.
The new plan was the result
of a two-year study by the edt<
national policy committee,
which was headed by Mrs. Ruth
Churchill, director of testing at
Antioch.
According to Mrs. Churchill,
the details of the new evaluation
system are still being worked
out: by her committee. She says.
though, that faculty will be able
to give comments on students.
and also note their progress in
the following six areas: skills
and techniques, substantial
learning, creative thinking. independent thinking. quantity of
work and responsibility.
 
logo Two
Student Newspaper of Grinncll college
IZOI PARK STREET
GKINNELL. IOWA EOllI
An independent newspaper published
not-lay, except during holidays and exams»
nation periods, by the ammo Committee
on Student publications. Represented for,
nniionii iuivertlsiiig by National Enrico»
iionil advertising Scrwces, 300 Lexington
am, New York, N.Y. man. second class
orange paid at trim-ion, Ill. Subscription
no soon per rchoni year. lion paid sub»
variations.
who opinions expressed on the editorial
pages of the sun do not necessarily reflect
the views o: the college udmiiiistrntioii, the
Committee on student Publications. or the
student body. Writing is wholly without
prior membership brown why agency, commit.
tea, or administrator.
lithrrnitn»
print 5mm
. nancy ANCONA
STEPHEN wnnsn
Editorial . . .
TRADITIONS
We, the underground members of the Grinnell College class of
1968, will not wear caps and towns to any of the categories related to graduation for one or more of the following reasons:
1. In the tradition of liberal education we will not accept traditional actions without rational certification. No reason has been
advanced as to why this dress is necessary.
2. We consider institutional pump meaningless.
ii. We object to informed uniform dress.
4. We object to the exclusion of student voice in the decision
of this issue as implied by late notification.
5. $3.75
6. We object to bookstore motorola. .
7. We consider such dress uncomfortable. inappropriate to the
Iowa climate, and restriction.
Now that you’ve seen the petition, let's talk about it. Permit
me to take the points out of order.
Point 7 seems to have an immediate solution. Wear shoes.
rocks or stockings, the down, and nothing else. It's really very
comfortable, and not exactly restriction either. As far as appropriateness to the climate, if somebody has found payments suitable
for wear in tornadoes, let him step forward.
To those people who rejected to gi ng ,_ 75 to Smilin’ Sam’s
evil motorola i say why not interface competitive bids? We had
competitive announcement announcements — why didn’t you or
ganize and underwear the bookstore? Dr rent your cup and down
elsewhere?
Point one: oh, contamination of constitutional How can you
call upon the TRADITION of liberal education to explain nonacceptanco of TRADITIONAL actions? If you still feel completed by
this point, I would suggest n short session with Mr. crossing. I
ihinlr you will find that although you might be certified in not
wearing a cap and down, you won’t easily find certification for
doing much else.
I can find no provisions for enhancing uniform dress. Did you?
By student voice, i present you are speaking of the collective
student. I’m sure that individual students still do have a voice in
what they wear simply by not wearing the cap and down.
And, by the way, if you consider institutional pump meaningless, why are you going to announcement anyway? Let's just
picks up our degrees afternoon.
but here's the real scoop on announcement. Just like everything else at Grinnell, it’s not for the students. It's a fastest ma«
cumulative plan to get money from alumni and friends of the Col-
legs. You see all those caps and towns disclose us, and remind the
clubs of what they looked like, and stars memories and things
and they cross Glenn’s palm with silver. Now, I risk you, is this
bad?
Since this protest is being stated by graduation seniors, several assumptions must be made. We candidates for the BA. have
been here up to four years — we‘ve stuck it out, To stick it out,
you must fall into one of these categories: I-you coupon’t get out;
2-you are a masochist; 3»you liked it.
To the first, i say wait five minutes and it will all go away,
like a nightmare. To the second, I say enjoy, you performs. To the
third 1 make my plea.
If you liked it, there's n good chance you would want your
younger brothers and sisters, or your children, to come here.
They can't it the college dress’t get coin. Because if it dress't
get coin, it will fly nwny train the world. So . . . wear your cups
and towns, turn on the allen, get that cold cash rolling iii.
If you feel the need to communicate to our President your
concern concerns about our old folks’ home, I’m sure a discrete
button, or perhaps a few choice words as he outcomes you to the
world of the alum,‘ will do magmilcentiy.‘
SCARLET AND BLACK
More Editorials . . .
MONEY AND INK
Yes, this is on salt. No, Neil didn’t use up all the money. Yes,
he thought he had.
Seems that Steve (Business Manager) Wal'sh let the rock
convention people narrow his adding machine, and he was modeling
bills in his head. Turns out he counted a bill for over $300 twice,
and in the final accounting, he found we had some look left.
Meanwhile. Neil had already planned to leave before announcement, and the new editor hash’t been named yet, so here I
and again.
I wish I had had more time to work on this issue, and a staff
to assist me. But finals week is a bad time to start anything. ex<
cent maybe studying.
I would like to know where Bill Gray put his column because
I Couldn't ﬁnd it. I wish J. R had come through wit-ii what promised to be a very good feature.
Great thanks go out to Roger (he’s everywhere, he’s everywhere) McMullin, Information Service News Director, for his
service in direction me to innovation and news. And iivo skins
are due the multifaceted Mike Schwartz for his caricatures.
I'd like to say more, but I have to harry over to commencemerit. I’m first in line, and as Mr. vendors said, “you can make
ll 01‘ break it."
I’m going to try to make it. If I don’t, keep it to yourself. I’m
an olympus now.‘
NOTES FROM THE
OlROlllJlR FILE
A few recent sessions in the Des points Airport have convinced
me that something must be done to protect students flying stanley
from being bumper off waiting lists by men ﬂking military stanley.
After iili, inn’t that favorite the right-wing-military-industrial—
complex? It seems to me that student activists ought to be given
the same privileges as military men.
of course, the same restrictions would apply to the activists.
They would have to be in uniform.
since activity performs are rather easy to come by, our new
ﬂking elite would be required to produce orders requiring them to
travel (a note from S.D.S. headquarters would do).
I’m sure that this move would put a little spice into the his
line business, although we might have to get a Supreme Court run<
big programming the airlines from receiving the contents or the
orders.
I
|||IllllIIIlllIIlllilIIlmIIIllllIIitiilIiMilllmlllilillllilillllllillllllillllltllliiillllllilllllillllllllllllilillllllliiilllilllIIInilIIINllIIiitlllliiillllllllllllllllilliii
LEGGETT ANSWERS
CAP AND GOWN PROTESTORS
[is several of you know, and as most of you may know,
Wednesday noon 1 was given ii statement, signed by some 63
members of the graduation class, to the effect that they “will not
wear caps and towns to any of the categories related to grades
union for one or more of the following reasons:" The reasons, or
objectives, are essentially that the wearing of cap and down is
meaningless, expensive, uncomfortable, and undemocratic. As
far as the College is concerned, these objectives — which may or
may not be true — are n matter of individual judgment and value.
Certainly, except for the remarks of the invited announcement
speaker, the graduation ceremony is a visual, traditional pump
and circumstance; and participation in it is not a condition or
whether or not h graduation senior gets his diploma.
Accordingly, any graduation senior who finds the ceremony
meaningless or offensive or inconvenient Should exercise his privilege not to participate in it, but rather attend as a specialty or not
attend at all; and then obtain ills diploma alter the ceremony
from the College partial, Professor vendors. The solution seems
very simple to me. achieving that everyone knew that announcement was a visual briefly designed for tile parents and friends or
graduation seniors, I am puzzles only by the question of why
these matters cannon be approaches with a sense of humor and
a good natural attempt at understanding.
—Glenn largest _,
May 14, I9
PREXY OBITS
OVER FOURLETTER WORDS
TALLAHASSE, ala. (CPS)<
Florida State University Presldeiit John Champion designed
this week in the wake of a membership dispum over the use of
four letter words in the campus
literary magazine, but the board
of legends has refused to accept
the designation.
Champion designed after the
arts and sciences faculty, rep<
resulting the largest college in
the university, held a special
meeting to discuss the administration’s membership or student
publications. The faculty tables
by a vote oi 175-165 a motion to
century the president and demand his designation if lie would
not reverse his decision to sensor an article written for the
Legend, the literary magazine.
The president announced his
designation only 30 minutes after the faculty voice. “In view of
this statement, i hereby tender
my designation, effective im.
pediatric," he said, His state
ment also said, “it is evident
that I no longer enjoy the confidence of a major segment of
this university faculty.”
The Florida board of legends,
however, held an emergency
meeting and refused to accept
Champion’s designation, Champion has not responded to the
board’s action, but many disorders think he will make his
designation stick. Others say
he can be personnel to stay.
Three of Champion’s assistance designed along with him.
They were the director or university relations and two special assistance to the president.
According to rules set by the
board of legends, Champion is
responsible for all student publications. He had announced his
decision the day before the sp6<
dial faculty licking not to let
a controversial short story entitled “Pig Knife," appear in the
literary magazine. The short
story is about two unexpected
degrees who use a variety of
your letter words, on a limited
basis, in their conversation.
Champion labeled the article
“filter and observe." The board
of student publications earlier
had cleared the article for publication because of its literary
Value. The board held that the
four letter words added to ma
mood and tone of the story.
Hundreds of students have protected against the membership.
Before Champion announced his
final decision, the students held
a 24—hour-a-day visit in front ot
the administration building to
again his announcement. After
Champion‘s designation, Acting
President lawrence chapters
appointed a student-faculty committee tn study the publications
regulations set by the legends
and make proposals for revisions. The students called a
monitoring on their protest to
again the committee’s report,
which is due next week.
 
Friday. buy N. "bl
SCARLET AND BLACK
Kurtz Calls For Social Awareness
This is a letter of greeting to
colleagues and students, especially to all those we should
have written and have not, and
to those we haven't written recently enough. i realized today
that your semester is virtually
over and that I would like to
communicate with you before
it was all over.
This year in Liberia has gone
well for us, The students and I
could be earlier with the results at my teaching; i believe,
though, utah teaching the so.
dial sciences in the developing
countries is a valuable enter<
price. l have. done some research and am preparing for
next year's toll-time research
into cultural change in central
Liberia, a regarding anthropological activity 1 am looking
forward to Mrs. Kurtz has
been working in the Registrar's
Oiiice this year, but will be
teaching next year. The children, Gordon and Jeremy, are
throwing for the most part.
As always, there is no showcase oi appearing things in our
world. Some of you have read
or heard about our Christmas
letter, telling ot the awful poverty of Liberia, Though the
tone of that letter was personal, the intention of it was to
point out the fully of our government‘s actions in Vietnam,
when the world so profoundly
tried her other kinds of efforts
And now, with the candidacies
oi McCarthy and of Kennedy
for the Democrats, the withdrawal of Johnson, the beginnings of peace—talks: now,
when there is again a ray of
hope, let us express some re—
later thoughts, from the per.
creative of this remote location.
I am approved at the human
poverty in the developing
countries of parts of Africa;
but I am equally or more approved at the poverty ot humans thought and action in the
developed countries. 1 have a
continuing hope that certain
ideals of democratic humanity, tolerance, accommodation,
respect for others and their
views. and the necessity of human rights for all men, might
prepaid in a advertising world
of potentially universal influence. America. though, has
given me little cause to maintain that hope. I have seen.
from the perspective of africa,
my country, exclusively proud,
intolerant, and narrowly singleminded, standing as the World's
greatest threat to world peace.
The real adults processed by Ho
and the diet long have appeared insignificant to us, to
the Vietnamese, and to the
world, when compared with
our war effort. Yet we engaged
In this effort in the name of all
those humanities principles
which we valued, adding hypocrisy and untruth to our errors
of execution. And it is not yet
clear to me with what spirit we
are planning to approach the
peace table.
I have long felt that there
were terrible peace proposals
— reasonable alternatives to
war; that the only way we
could gain honor was to lease
the war; and that there were
countries other subjects more
worthy of our commitments,
for example, zo million American degrees, our natural erla
agreement, our cities. the povertysstricken majority of the
world, the United Nations, all
of which we have reflected
shameiully, Yet, i have not described of my country. although
I often described totally oi the
present leadership. And I continue to despite of those decision making suites, making bad
decision alter bad decision, who
are operating more and more
freely outside the reasoning
controls of democratic institutions. Even it you argue that
our involvement in Vietnam is
less an “allowance oi power"
than the malfunctioning oi a
decision~making process, you
must agree that either imposed
cause a the real allowance and
the clear calculation — cannon
be effectively corrected with
the present political and administrative personnel. Even
with Johnson stopping down,
we must ensure a real change
in leadership. By a move toward peace in one area, we do
not thereby alter the country's
stated position on rating the
war in the first place. Our
foreign aid policy, our international france, our entire external View must be removed, If
we did so, maybe we could
then do more than simply play
with making over our society
interfaces,
present on the question or
our war is completely le
mate and friendly desirable,
Even it peace negotiations
break down now, we should re«
list the war as strongly as we
can; we should support strongly those political candidates
who hold out some hope of introducing a humanities and
realistic perspective on the
Vietnam conﬂict and the peace
negotiations, as well as on our
position in the world at large
(which includes China). I am
not sure what more can he
done than to work for the man
who can promise, not merely a
way out or Vietnam, but a new
way of looking at the world At
the very minimum we must all
Iillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllll
"I believe the so-called revolutionaries on college composed are small in number. A!
the same time, a far larger
number of students are disappointed with society and with
education in a very diiiei-ent
way, This latter group is willing
to work for a change within the
system, i believe we are in the
process at finding a way for
students to express themselves
within the system. it takes
time and patients, and only
a fool thinks he can achieve it
without along. But i am not
expressed nor typical about
our longarange chances,”
—Glenn suggest
become friends and allocated
or social transformation whereever our society demands it.
Should the war continue, 1
would be unable to decide how
tar i could advocate or advise
you to refuse to tight in it. l
think, however, that there
should certainly be multiple
bases for contributions objectives in our society.
Finally, those of you who are
already in the intellectual tradition and those or you who
will go into it should consider
whether the similarly community really should have often
out of the political arena in
the United States. Theodore
Roszak has written an article
called “The Complacencies of
the Academy": “(To the philosophers oi the eighteenth can—
turn entertainment) the intellectual was one who interested
in society for the defense of
civilized values wherever they
were threatened; one who certified reality so that his fellow
citizens could reason toward
the solution of their problems,"
And he goes on to note that the
level oi political dialogue might
be nominated by more than
elegant, cynicism, and “endangered consensus" if interventions were established as continuous and expected partners
to major civic controversy, instead of as lonely, occasional,
and unexpected dissidents, to
he watched out of court by
philippines.
Social structurally, of course,
it is much more difficult to do
this in modem industrial society than it was during the
Enlightenment; it is difficult
to be creativity president with
in a bureaucracy of the dimensions required by industrial society. Such an observation
should stand as a challenge to
us and not as an excuse for
despite; a challenge. that is,
to the creative and innovative
among the young leaders to
work out new means, appropriate to modern society, for
entering into political dialogue,
of transcending the bureaucracies. There is a unique chance
in the present era to constitutes experiment with the most
effective means of entering into civic controversy. Perhaps
new forms will evolve which
will recall or preserve the
ideals of 18th century intellectual life — or perhaps the ideal
life of the intellectual at any
time. The evolutionary process
is probably already at work;
it may he that I simply do not
know what the effective groups
and movements are. Whatever
the case. i urge that you be«
come a part of them and, as
intellectual leaders of such
groups, help to shape them into
instruments which can effectively defend humanities values
whenever and wherever they
are threatened.
The right to speak out freely
on questions is a right that
must never be taken for granted. It must be published, deferred, and lovingly published
by its continuous exercises Best
wishes to all of you from algeria.
—RONALD cum'z
Anthropology
 
GRINNELLIANS HELP CLEAN-UP
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
photos by A. J. Bernhardt
Students and iacuhy members joined Grinnell i’awnspeopio who went to toronto—sticker. northeast Iowa.
The group war led by Rev. powell Davis, constitutional
minister. and College Chaplain Dennis Haas.
 
TODAY’S TIMETABLE
8:15 » 9:00 Breakfast Quad and Cowles
8:45 AM.
9:00 A.M.
Honor G Breakfast Country Club
Alumni Association
Board of Directors
Private Dining Rooms
A and B, Forum
10:00 A.M. F equity-SeniorParent
Coffee Hour South Lounge
10:30 A.M. Barrier Plaza
11:30-12:30
Vietnam announcement
Lunch
Senior Men and Their Guests
Senior women and Their Guests
Alumni and Other Friends
Cowles
Quad
Quad
hamilton decimal Campus
announcement: Speaker. Central Campus
Barry commonly, (party symposium, in
"an1 influence to Survival" Case of rain)
Phi Beta happy Tea and Lecture: South
Speaker. Michael P. Goodrich, '58, Lounge
"involvement —— Our New Responsibility"
Dinner
Senior Men and Their Guests
Senior Women and Their guest
Alumni and Other Friends
Cowlel
Quad
Quad
partner
Lounge
Advisory Council Dinner
and Meeting
Home or smith Jones
Appleby. '33.
919 Seventh Avenue
Open House.
Class of 1933
Robert:
Theatre
College Musical Production:
“Stop the world _ i want to
Get‘ or "’ (tickets required)
 
Page Four SCARLET AND BLACK Friday May 24 I
H
"CHANGE IN THE MAKING"— BRILLIANT COMEDY
ANIMAL
BEHAVIOUR
who tutorials Mr. wait, or
Ray, or whatever, hash't been
captured yet, but the Associated Press noted a few day:
ago that, supposedly before he
feed Memphis, he supposedly
made a long-distance telephone
call to the lngall’s Shipyards
in Pascagoula, Miss. The Beloit
College Roundtable — in a May
9 followed on the 5&B’s export
or President suggest's april
trip to Longfellow House, a
post, discrimination hotel-mo—
tel in Pascagoula — noted that
Longfellow House is owned by
be lngall's Shipyards, which is
division of button Industries.
&!%@*&l%@*
A solomon sophomore has
been failed into Judicial
Council on the charge that
he bought beer with hull
funds. on, my, there’s somethiiig that's ncucr been (lone
before.
&l%@*& l%@*
Henry Wilhelm’s textbook
has been contained again.
Let’s see, -is this the fourth
time or the fifth time now? In
a letter mailed to purchasing
last week, Wilhelm said: “We
now tllink of the book as an
‘hiStorical document‘ I 3 !h E 1'
than a textbook. it becomes
more so all the time.”
&!%@*&l%@*
TODAY lN HISTORY: it
was just eight months ago today that President suggest told
an open senate meeting in
ARH that he allocated “a con-
:cross College policy of submitting more upperclass students
to live oil-campus in either pro—
date homes or apartments...
the option for upperclassmen
who do not choose to aside by
college social regulations to
find oil-campus housing and
aside by whatever regulations
meir handhelds or the Community or Grinnell imposed.” seniors next year will doubtless
remember that bit or presidential historic when they try
to study in their Loose Hall
rooms — since none of them
have been given permission to
live oil-campus.
&!%@*&l%@*
Informal sources said today that the next meeting of
the Associated Colleges of the
Midwest may actually be in
the Midwest.
&!%@*&!%@*
Members of the new SGA finance committee have a new
rorrnula for determining next
year’s budgets for campus organizations. They ask the outgoing heads of those organize<
lions in to propose a budget
and tell them how much money
they’ll need. Asked by the
committee, the present editors
of the 5&3 said that I budget
Increase oi at least 51,000 was
necessary for the survival or
the campus newspaper. The
' ANIMAL—
(continuing on Page I)
CHANGE IN THE MAKING:
screenshot by James Avis
son; directed by James
normal; produced by Campbell Films; photographer by
Milton follows and reverse
Hanssen; script assistant,
Fred less; operated by
Peter jacket; special as
listings for on - location
scenes, Howard current and
barrel license; music played by Dru and Ann; color;
291/, minutes.
By the S&B‘s
smrr FILM CRITIC
Among recent films, “Bonnie
and slide" is probably the
most imagination in its use at
the medium, “The Graduate"
is surely the most sensitive ex-
promotion oi the spiritual
stories oi young people moving from college into a iraudulent world. “Change in the
Making,” a lowrbudget, independently produced speaker I
happened to see last week,
may be the best recent example from the film genre which
sports college like, though perhaps not as funny as the Marx
Brothers’ classic “Horse teachers.”
The college, of course, is a
s or all, computational liberal
arts college in the middle west.
The form is imagination: 't is
a pseudodocumentary — the
sort of thing one can imagine
some slightly desperate college
actually using for promotional
purposes, All of the clothes are
there.
ln the beginning, the camera
moves from a pastoral landscape to a long study of the
tall, hardcore Athlete in bi!
letter jacket and his legal
Beauty Queen girl friend, hand
in hand, returning down the
railroad tracks to their campus, having been God knows
where.
During the Course of the film,
we are given to understand
that such a place is regulated
shortly by kindly processors
over 80, and by other Beauty
Queens; that the autumn visual
of football playing and Queen
crossing is still taken seriously by a considerable number
of students; that learning consists very largely of masturbating a r n a n e paraphernalia
which have been revised by
electronics engineering with
s t r o n g universities towards
witchcrait; that the sylvan setting or such a place somehow
has a streaming effect on the
twitchy nervous systems of
young people engaged in the
increase site of passage our
culture prescribed; and other
nonsense.
Most of the actors are obviously amateurs, but, true to
the tradition of the old movies
in which Walter mitchell played Walter mitchell, Peter
jacket plays Peter jacket. it
is a brilliant Stroke; the huskyvoiced Mr. jacket has made
his name reporting about
spacecraft, and the space age’s
clothes about liberal learning,
broadcast over the mass media.
are surely a different matter
from earlier premier consolidated in more promotion ways.
jacket others them with a column composite which gives
belfast to the comic strategy
of the film
For a climax to the film, the
writers have intended a hazardous sequence in which dramatically all of the great ones of
the intellectual community commerce on this remote spot,
heatedly discuss weights matters for two or three days, ass
cent their rewards —- contrary
degrees — and report. “These
were the three most important
days in the college’s history,"
we hear jacket say sentence
pussy. (The Lord help us all,
there might be college people
holidays who actually believe
this; or there might be colleges that are so poverty-strictly intellectually, that this
might be true or them.)
All or this, naturally, is In
technicolor; the low»budget producers knew better than to
skill here. (Think how incomplete the joke would have been,
in black and white.) Best of
all. however, is the almost inpenetraole dead pan which
tasks this presentation
Almost impenetrable. Perhaps the film is slightly placed
in that the mask is allowed
sometimes to slip, to make very
clear to the browse viewer that
he is watching a partly, and
not the real thing. in one of
the great comic scenes, some
students are shown looking at
a painting; but at about the
moment when one might expect them to have registered
its batteries, two men, apparently from the ﬁdance company, come along and paul the
painting away. During the look
ball scene, while jacket’s
voice is telling us about the
"excited tags,” the camera is
showing us six mini—started
cheerleaders irentically trying
to around the fans, while from
the stands comes —— absolute
licence.
The most subtle joke of the
film, perhaps, shows an incredible beautiful cold, in I pose
sure of introspection, while
jacket's voice templates the
run of her medications; just all
the is beginning to ask herself
- you blessed it: “Who Am
I?”.— the camera contained to
blue the perfect lines oi her
nose into a buttons blog.
Perhaps some or the humor
is too occurs: probably only the
relatively small circle oi people
who follow the parents of Ann
Kirschner and Dru McConaughy know from the twinkle
with which they sing the saccharine lyrics or “The Happy
Song" that they area’t buying
its robert Humphrey Pollyannaism; the camera, however,
illustrated the lyrics literally,
complete with a happy little
squirrel in a happy old elm
tree.
The contest stroke oi the des
sector was to photograph this
film on location at Glinnell Cole
legs, in Iowa, and then to ao<
really call the college “Grinnell.” I don’t know enough
about the law oi label and plans
der to assess the degree of his
liability, though i can imagine
an state olympus, having spent
money in ﬁve figures and energy in millions oi eggs in on
der to win a degree from this
college, swing the producers
for making that degree an lbs
ject of ridicule. They’re reply
edly good students out there
however, and Will probably}
take this film in the spirit at
sun In which it was made 01
perhaps, remembering Nous
Dame, the producers hope for
the publicity that a law suit
can bring, for motors along the
Rialto have it that none of th!
big distributors have bought
this appendix motion picture.
The more’s the city.
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll‘lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
FOUR-POINT DOODLES .
When his classes would get
full. senior Mil-re Schwartz
would put his notebook to a
different purpose. Mike found
that handling was a pleasant
way to pass the time, and besides, it kept him from mailing
asleep.
 
Friday. May 24, P763
) GOMMENGEMENT
(Continued from Page 1)
with several federal agencies
before becoming a Career officer in the Foreign Service.
President suggest will provide
over the announcement categories, assisted by Robert N.
joyce, chairman of the Board
of Trustees, and James H.
Stauss, protest and dean oi the
college.
"Grinnell professionals," an
original composition by Paul
M. Zonn (music), will be given
its premiere performance at the
announcement program. The
piece, which was commissioner
by the college, is arranged for
woodwind, brass, and permission.
The 1953 recipient oi the
welcome Cleveland Prize oi
the American Association {or
the Advancement ot Science,
Dr. commonly has been an
active investigator oi fundamental problems on the physiochemical basis oi biological
processes. His laboratory has
conducted pioneer studies on
free radicals in biological sysr
hems and on the mechanisms by
which viruses are duplicated in
the cell. He has also proposed
a radical new view on the
chemical basis of inheritance.
A member of the board of
directors of the American As<
situation for the Advancement
of Science, Dr. commonly also
serves on the organization’s
Committee On Council Affairs
and was chairman of the soma
little on Science in the Promotion of Human Welfare in
1960-66.
He is a founder oi the St.
Louis Committee for Nuclear
information and served as its
president in 196565.
Dr. commonly is also cochairman of the Scientists' Institute for Public information,
a member oi the board oi governing ot the American Institute
oi Biological Sciences, a member oi the National Tuberculo<
his Association Air Conservation
Commission, and a member of
the advisory board of Sciatica
Year.
l-his deep interest in the interaction between science and
social problems is integrated
in “Science and Survival,” a
book published in 1966. The
book documents the serious
threats to human survival that
results from modern technological changes, and the resulting
responsibilities of scientists and
citizens.
Dr. commonly holds a B.A.
degree from Columbia university and M.A. and PhD. degrees
from Harvard University and
in 1961 received an contrary
doctor oi science degree from
nahncmann Medical College.
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllli
NICKEL
GRANT
Grinnell has been awarded
an investigated grant or $5,000
by The International Nickel
Company, inc. Since 1962, the
firm has contributed $38,500 to
Grinnell.
The grant is one of a series
made by International Nickel to
the nation's leading liberal arts
institutions as part oi the company’s program oi continuing
aid to higher education.
lllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllll
HONEYMOON, Conlem-
poetry Style _ Used to be
that honeymoaners visited
Canada bath in sterling
down in the U.S.A.. but
Trip and Sue (Mr. and Mrs.
James Kennedy III) will
spend time in the states
before heading north. Trip
turned in his than card in
Des
a demonstration in
Maine: last December.
llllllllllllllllllllllllIIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
NEW
GONTROlLER
Robert w. Anderson of Des
points has been appointed college controller.
The appointment is effective
June 1 and Anderson will assume a portion oi the duties
now held by Donald w. zambia, treasurer and business
manager oi the college, and
Charles L. mailman, consultant to the treasurer and drop.
erty manager.
A 1966 graduate or brake
University, the 26-year»old native oi Chariton is presently a
staff accounting with the Des
points addition and tax firm
of heat, patrick, Mitchell &
Co. He is working toward accreditation as a certified pub
llc accounting and will take the
state examination later this
month.
SCARLET AND BLACK
SHARE TOILET
WITH 6.12 GIRLS?
by the Sims
Do—lt-yourself Editor
The most obvious problem taking Buildings and Grounds when
they prepare North Campus
hall for women will be the bathroom situation. Those animals
have got to go.
And go they will — this summer. In an exclusive interview
with the $813, E3111 head Dale
dawn said that the animals will
be taken alt the walls, and the
two-inch pipes planned "All
the girls Will see is a metal
plate covering the wall where
the pipes were," explained
dawn.
But now comes the crucial
question — will there be enough
topless? According to Mr. Hawii,
an institutional facility that does
not have “peak times or usage”
requires one miles for every
written women (An office building where coffee breaks or
lunch breaks are taken by all
women at the same time would
need more, but a college form,
where women are eating and
sleeping on more molecular
schedules does not have metal-r
times).
it is completing to know that
this 15-1 limit is not even up
prepared. At the worst, there
will be 7.12 women per toilet.
This number seems more than
reasonable to Mr. l-laWn, and
to Mr. Pomerenk, the Director
of references
But — Dean Low wants more
topless! She wants a toilet for
every tour girls. Well, aside
from being unnecessary, this
added plumbing would be mostly.
For reasons that cannon be
accurately discussed in a iaml»
ly newspaper such as this, a
two-inch bridal pipe cannon operate a toilet. So, explained Mr.
dawn, the walls would have to
he ripped open, tour inch pipes
installed, and the walls closed.
This would Come to about $3,500
per toilet.
And you thought the reception
center hurt . . .
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll.
ST. JOHN’S UNIVERSITY SLIPS.BM}K
JAMAICA, N. Y. (CPS) —
St. John’s University, which
shock the educational world
when it fired 31 teachers in
1955 in a dispute over the faculty’s role in policy-making, has
quickly remained its accreditation.
The Middle States Association oi College and Secondary
Schools has “located" an order
requiring the Catholic university to show cause why its
accreditation should not be listed. The association said St.
John's “is an improved educational institution” and also cited
the “appointment at a distinguished lay educated." Dr.
Henry Mills, as protest as reasons for listing the order.
The Very Rev. JDSBph T.
Cahlll, St. John's president,
said, “We are naturally very
certified that the show cause
order has been located."
Groups representing college
processors were not so pleased,
however. ultram H. Davis,
general secretary of the American Association oi University
professor-s, said, “It is disappointing to learn that the Middle States association has taken
this action before St. John's
regulations and policies were
found to be in full consortium
with accepted standards or
academic freedom and centre.
israel butler, president 01
the United Federation of College Teachers (UFCT), the
union witch represents 18 oi
the 31 tired teachers Said his
organization was extremely
dispatched" at the (120.10“. He
also outlined some of the issues
which he felt should have been
resolved before the order was
listed. Among “i“:
—The admi duration has refused to allow the UFCT, a local
unit of the American Federation
oi Teachers (AFT), exist as an
organization on the campus.
rThe approximately 100
teachers who struck against St
John’s for Six months after the
31 processors were tired should
have been automatically registered when the case was turned
over to an arbitration group. A
few of the 100 have been rain—
stated but most have taken appointments at other universities.
>Tlie arbitration procedure.
which is expected to begin later
this month, is secret, the teacha
era had to iorego all rights to
sue for label and scanner, and
they are not allowed to be represented by the union.
oi the 31 who were originally
fired, two have been required
by the university, ll have taken
positions elsewhere, 13 have
agreed to arbitration and live
are still planning to sue the
university. singles said the suit
was intended to bring out into
the open the alleged lack or
academic freedom at St. John's.
The 31 were fred for union
activity and other shorts to
gain a greater voice in the running oi the university.
iiHllIHilliiiiilliiiiiiliiiilliiiilliiiiilliililliiiilliililiiiiiillliiillliiillliiill
P bi»!
“if they have done nothing
else, today's college students
have forced you and me to
think more clearly about our
close-knit World and to examine
mo: c' fly our own particular
sets or values."
learn suggest
aug: Flu
) ANIMAL
(Continued team Page 4)
committee‘s decision? They reduced the sen; budget by $450.
&l%@*hl%@ar
After the Kentucky Derby,
the College may have a new
idea to promote available final
examinations. Three randomly.
selected students and the top
student in each class will b.
given saliva and price tests
following the exam. And it the
top student has had a cup or
coffee, he‘ll be placed at the
bottom or the curve.
&!%@*&!%@*
This communist with one of
doc: 500 statement treatments
and capitol‘s to Sign the April
28 advert in The New York
Times opposite the Vietnam
le'. Scnntal' lack Miller, of
m co—gotta, noted this fact
gravity (:an l'licrlztllllailily. “I
am tunntleti gr if this represents your ﬂit ng," Senator
Miller asked me in a letter,
"or if your name has been
minute 1’"
roll , that the senator's
Icttcl' tcnr signed by [I secretary, Animal Behaviour ir
related to ask him the selfsame qucill'on.
&!%@*&!%@*
The price oi value has gone
down considerable. A downtown Chicago coinsliop last
week did ”seed a VIETNAM
SERVICE MEDAL ln los Clark
Street window. According to
the display copy, the medal
was “issued by the South Vietnamese government for extreme value to all foreign
troops serving since 1960.” The
Rare Coin Company or America charges 53.75 [or the medal.
&!%@*&!%@*
Next year’s female house
treatments who will be living
in calls this year occupied by
men will be receiving some
fascinating mail. John sitemap.
1967—68 president ot Langan,
for example, got several letters from companies like “VirTu. Inc,” which sells sexual
extellsitiers, intenseﬁera, and
the like. VirrTu’s advertising
is particularly graphic.
The mailing list for the VirTu company was apparently
made up about ten years ago,
and letters # With no return
address on the developed —
from it addressed to HALL
PRESIDENT, LANGAN HALL.
GRINNELL COLLEGE have
been training ever since.
Animal Behaviour encourages the next Langan small
president to report such ma'<
inns to the postal author-i es.
A popular song i heard said
there was a penalty for timber—
ing with the us. male.
&!%@*&l%@*
The hints'c’ 1936737 charles & Black contained a column alltitlad "DORIC7 the
column 0/ Show beauty." It
was frighteningly like Animal
Behaviour. Late in 1937, the
8&3 took a consult pull to
determine if the contracts-dial
topic should be continued.
Student opinion domain-ed
for its confirmation, but it
was never to appear again
(ll Clinllcll. Rolucttmtll, animals Behaviour follows suit.
-—Ncil kitchen
 
L
DESTINATIONS OF MALE GRADS TENTATIVE BUT
\h
Roger w. Able, biology. Cedar Rapids —
Elizabeth L. Alexander. classical languages, Chicago, Ill, -o
graduate study, Columbia University
Russell G. Allen, mathematics, Otlumwa — fellowship, law school.
Stanford University: married to the former Joan Frahm
Craig w. plain, political science, Minneapolis, Minn. — fellowship
for graduate study, Princeton University; marriage to Kathleen .i’. Armstrong, ’70, May 29
Susan J. allen, English, Garnavillo — teaching in the Carpentertn
title, 111., school system
indiana F, powell, political sCience, halo Alto, valid. — applied
to Peace Corps
Barry Ancona. speech and theatre, New York, N.Y.—assistaiitship
for graduate study in journalism, Syracuse University.
Bahak J. Armajani, political science, St. Paul, Minn. _— United
States Army
Michael w. Asthaiter. German, Des joined — graduate school
Kenneth L, christine, biology. jessica — United States Air Fare.
Bruce 1‘. Austin, chemistry, Ottumwai — medical school, University of Iowa
Man J. expired, biology, cookie, Ill. —-
Sandra Eaer, art, Lawrence, can. —
Frederick H. hair LII, biology, Aubumdale, ala. —- medical school,
University of Florida
Jamie E, Baker, English, Fort Belvoir, Va. — teaching
,Thomas Y. sao, art, Montevideo, Uruguay — ,
Sandra A. rates, biology, south Boston, Va. — applied to VISTA
Stephen F. Beekrnan, political science, Rome, Italy — graduate
study in international trade, University of Arizona
’Alan J. Bernhardt, psychology, Princeton, NJ. a graduate school
Philip .I. Bertenthal, economics, West Hempstead, NY, —
,Glen M, meyer, Chemistry, Tacoma, Wash. — graduate study in
chemistry, University of Arizona
cherry L. cross, sociology, Blackourg, Va, —_ graduate study in
sociology, University at Missouri
Carol C. Bradford, English, St. Paul, Minn, — employment
,Walter G. Bradford, history, Grinneli — marriage to Susan M0934
tue, '69, June I
Mary E. francis, sociology. champagne, Ill. — fellowship for
graduate study in M.A . program, Johns Hopkins University,
Richard T. dresses, art, Evergreen Park, Ill. —
Alan H, Brown, psychology, Chicago, Ill, — medical school, St.
Louis University
Kathryn A, Buck German, print —
Charles R. Burns, Russian Studies -policy€al science, Cuba, Ill, —
fellowship for graduate study in political science, University
of Chicago
Christopher B. russell, American Studies, forward, Conn. —
Linda J. lunch, German, Louisville, Ky. — graduate study in Gem
man, saint, Germany
David human, biology, Chicago Ill. — assistantship {or graduate
study in ecology University of Minnesota
val B, marine, speech correction, Westminster, solo, —
gazette rich Carroll, speech correction, Bettendorf —« married to
Stephen P, Carroll, '68
Stephen P, Carroll, American studies, Bettendorf — married to the
former gazette rich, ’68
stephen C, Casey, mathematics, Northbrook, lil, — graduate study
in statistics, University at California at Berkeley
Kenneth A, Clark, chemistry, Naperville, Ill. — fellowship for
graduate study in chemistry. Dartmouth College
spencer L. Clark, biology, Bethesda, Md, — United States Navy
Ronald M. Cogswell, political science, washington, all, — fellow
ship for graduate study in domestic affairs, Woodrow Wilson
School at Public and International Affairs at Princeton
University
Charles E. formerly, history, Franklin Park, ill. —
0. plains cook, philosophy, Geneva, Switzerland — employment
Anna R. Cooper, German, Newtown Square, Pa. — assistantship
for graduate study in German, University of Waterloo, Ontario,
Canada
Mary Jane Cooper, American studies, Cedar Rapids —— employment
party M. horizon, art, linux City — graduate study in art » cream.
its, University at town
Elizabeth P. Craig, art, hardwood. solo‘ — marriage to J. Dennis
’Rich, ’67, June 1
Arthur J. happen, chemistry, Berwyn, Pa, —- fellowship for graduate study in chemistry, University of Chicago
Sarah S. leave, Latin American studies—political science, Belait,
his, — employment
ﬂreport M. Dean. political science, battlefield, lil. — graduate
study in political science, University at Wisconsm; marriage
to Susan E. corner, '68, in August .
SCARLII' AND ILACK
Michael C. Dejoie, speech and theatre, New Orleans, La. — employment in Washington, D,C,
salaries J. Demchdck, history, Satellite Beach, ala. —
Bert R. Denkcr, American studies, Rockford, ill. —-
Janet E, Deyo, african studies -history, Dallas, TeX, — teaching
Anti G. viewer, history Northhrcok all. — graduate study
Edward G. brazilian, economics, New York, N.Y. a
bali w. hudson, Jr., political science, New York, N,Y. —
DaVid G. Donahue, economics, Minneapolis, Minn. —— employment
Susan K. postal, history, Roselle, ali. —
Douglas w. gray, economics, Starsdale, N.Y. — applied for
United States Navy officer Candidate School
Dale M. Dreyfuss, English, Glen allen, all, — fellowship for grades
ate study in English, Yale University; married to the former
Sara Bay, ’68
Sara key Dreyiuss, English, Minneapolis, Minn. — fellowship for
graduate study in history of art, Yale universal ; married to
Dale M, Dreyfuss, '63
release M. Durant, history, New York, N.Y. —
Elizabeth A, jefferson, history, Washington, DC. — employment
Richard A. western, economics, St. Louis, Mo. — law school
,Greg L. ericsson, political science, Hartwick — United States
Air Force
Anne M. career, American studies, having, Tex, — social work in
Philadelphia, Pa.
Deborah B. Feir, Spanish, forward, Conn. —- nssistantship for
graduate study in Spanish, University of Texas
Michael w. messenger, physics, Ames —
Jonathan E. Fern, history, Kailua, Hawaii —
mail o, Finkbeiner, political science, Naperville, ill. — employ.
cells
William H. Fiigeltaub. American studies, louisville, Ind, —- em«
ployment
Wendy L, norman, German, Cynwyd, Pa. — graduate study in
elementary education, Bank Street College at Education, New
York City
M. Helen Foster, philosophy and religion, Morganiield, Ky. applied for work»study program in psychology, California
members L. write, chemistry, simon, Ill, —~ assistantship for grades
ate study in chemistry, University oi California at Davis
John J, Fruehwirth, English, Ballston Spa, N.Y. — United States
Air Force
Anne C. seller, biology, Burlington — teaching; marriage to Benjamin G. Williamson, ’68, June I
Steven R, Gausebeck, English, Montreal, Canada _ teaching
Suzanne seller, English, Toledo, Ohio _
Robert H. highs, political science, Des points —- working with
VISTA
Byrdie L, wish, sociology, Tulsa, okla. —
Jan E, limited, psychology, Falls Church Va. —
Robert W. Grant, political science, Brooklyn, N.Y. —
Marilyn E. Gray, sociology, Chicago, Ill, —
John R, drives, physics, Mexico City, Mexico ~
Kathryn M. Gruenherg, American studies, Montehello. valid. —
employment in urban planning and development
Mary Jo Haberman, Spanish. Grinnell — applied to Teacher Corps
Nancy s. panama, psychology, Lo: angeles, valid. — working with
government in Washington, DC.
Bruce W. Hamilton, chemistry-economics, Ames —- lellowshlﬂ
for graduate study in economics, Princeton University
Robert S, Hanenberg, economics, Falls Church, Va —
Vivian E. panel, sociology. doctrine, his. —- training with Peace
corps
Maxwell A, Heligott, seeéch and theatre, Bethesda, Md, ~ medical
school, George Washington University
Russell D. Heuckendori, history, Greenfield — United States Army
Florence E. Hill, English, Tonawanda, N.Y. — graduate study for
M.A,T. in English
Paul Robert Hodierne, political Science, Galesburg, Ill. —
John C, concert, philosophy and religion, Phoenix, Ariz, — scholarship for graduate study in theology, working School or Theology
Helen G. Hoisclaw, political science, raymond, and. — explore
merit; marriage to Dennis D. Spencer, '67, June 3
Janet boston, English, Austin, Minn. —
Raymond W. Horn, chemistry, Brooklngx, S.D. — fellowship for
graduate study in chemistry, Stanford University; married to
the former kathy J. cheers, '10
Stephen T. Hunt, mathematics, Scranton —
Anne K. banking, philosophy and religion. Waterloo —- graduate
study in social work, University of Pennsylvania
Carol J. lenses, Spanish, Colorado Springs, solo. -— teaching
 
Friday. May 1‘. m
ﬁrm :4. ma
SCARLII AND BLACK
 
nudity A. Johnson, psychology, linux City — fellowship for gladlh
ate may in psychology, University at Calitomla at too
Angeles
Susan R. Johnson, French, Dunedin, ala. — teaching; marriage to
Roger L. Teichgraehet, ‘68, May 25
Arthur Edward Jones, political science, Albert sea, Minn. — as<
slstantship for graduate study in public administration, University oi North Carolina
Paul R. Jones, philosophy, Falls Church, Va. — graduate study in
English and philosophy, University ol Chicago
Philip L. Jones, physics, monster, ind. — graduate study in bush—
news, Indiana University
catherine L. master, psychology, Des points — assistantship for
graduate study in psychology, University at Kansas
Robert M. Katz, mathematics, Alexandria, Va. — fellowship graduate study in mathematics, Brown University
Barbara A. Kauifman, Brown University, anthropology, clinton,
Mo. — employment
Louis L. seller, sociology, indianapolis, Ind, — graduate study at
Maxwell School, Syracuse University; married to the mother
Margaret Applebee, ‘67
catherine A. Kelly, biology, Broadview, all. — Iesearcll assistant
in biology
James s. Kennedy llc, history, Winnetka, ill. — married to the
former Susan E. the, ’68
Susan nice Kennedy, English, Webster drives, MO. —- teaching:
married to James s. Kennedy ill, ’68
Richard D. webster, sociology, Scarsdale, N.Y. — graduate study
in sociology, University of Connecticut
Mark W. pitch, political science, Des points -- graduate study
in public administration
Jon P. above, political science, Iowa Falls —— law school
Franklin T. Knowlton, political science, Beaver Dam, his.
Richard R. Lamb, history, Grinnell — married to the former Sara
pillow, ’70
Joseph L LaMothe, French, listing, Minn. — social work
Ronald B. Lane, anthropology, Russellville, Ark. —
Jean R. Langmuir, English, Santa Monica, valid. _
carroll E. Langworthy, economics, Libertyville, all. _ fellowship
for graduate study in economics, Vanderbilt University
Anne L, Laughlin, biology, louisville, Mo. — work as laboratory
technician, Washington University Medical School
signs K. Lailridsen, psychology, linux City, web. — graduate study
William N. Lee, physics, Estherville — research assistantship for
graduate study in aeronautical and astronautical engineering,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology; married to the former
Susan swaziland, ’69
Suzanne L. Lee, American studies, china, Minn. —-
Theo E. require, history, l-iyattsville, Md. — training with Peace
Corps
Adrienne F. commons, French, St. Louis, Mo. —
Robert F. LeVeen, chemistry, Brooklyn, N.Y. —« medical school
Stanford L. kevin, economics, raymond, Ind. — fellowship [or
graduate study in economics, University or Michigan
Nancy F. finder, chemistry, Oakland, well. — assistantship for
graduate study in chemistry, stanford University
Frederic M. MacDowell ill, English, Aurora, all. — applied to
VISTA
brunette L. Mail, American studies, Walsenburg, solo. ~ employment in New York
Michael G. partition, political science, Grinnell — fellowship for
graduate study in political science, Columbia University
Richard 0. Marz, chemistry, Vienna, Austria # graduate study in
biochemistry University of Vienna
Roger J. May, chemistry, Dallas, Tex. — medical school, driver<
site of Cahtornia at San Diego
Charles A. McClelland, political science, Balboa, Canal Zone —training with Peace Corps
Roger L. McClurig, economics, seafood, can. H fellowship for
graduate study in economics, Washington University
Jack T. McCord, economics, Pallbrook, valid. — training with
Peace Corps
Richard A. McGinn, history, Park Ridge, NJ. —
William A. McGinty, Jr., psychology, Naperville, Ill. — married to
the former Barbara McKey, ’67
James L. trade physics, London, England H
Alexis Jon regions, English, Clittside Park, NJ. — graduate
study in English, University oi Virginia
Raymond M. gender, psychology, Northiield, Minn. # graduate
study in psychology
nudity Wahl Mendelsohn, speech and theatre. Cleveland Height),
Ohio — graduate study in physical therapy. Columbia Unh
density; married to Ezra Mendelsohn (History)
Guillermo R. vendors, biology, Grinnell — scholarship, medical
school, University of California at San Diego
Patricia A. Miles, speech correction, hollywood, Color —
W. Joseph Mills, political science, washington, rich. — employ
ment in Washington, Dc.
Steven L. Montgomery, biology, South Bend, and. —
James R. Moore, political science, mortgage, ill. — training with
Peace Corps
Nancy M. horse, biology, Manhattan, can. — employment
Richard A. Moskwa, philosophy, Chicago, in. —
Dale E. losses, history, St. Louis Park, Minn. .— law school, University 01 Minnesota
Kathleen sullivan, speech correction, Waukegan, in. ~—
James Michael collins, biology, nashville >- ussistantship lo!
graduate study in biology, University ot Oregon
Richard H. sussex, economics, phone —
Gregg R. career, political science-Latin American studies; Des
points — law school, University or Iowa; marriage to Christopher A. Klee, ’70, June i
Susan R. cash, philosophy and religion, Miami, ala. —— employ.
ment with Chicago police Department
Robert J, Nelson, biology, Chicago, all. — medical school, Waste
ington University
Barry l-l. members, history, celweiii H
Krystyna Newman, American studies, Northiieid, Minn. _
David F. Newman, economics, Ridgewood, NJ. —
Teri Reibsamen morris, American studies, Marshalltown —
Christine A. Oetjen, sociology, Albert sea, Minn. - social work
permits W. allen, political science, Marshalltuwn — graduate
study in drama
study A. jason, biology, West Des points — graduate study in:
M.A.T., Northwestern University )
cleaner A. halo, American studies, Oklahoma City, Okla. —— graduate study in sociology. Washington University; marriage in
Michael A. smaller, ’56, June 3
Kathleen L. rape, anthropology, Muscatine —
Scott H. married, economics, Prairie Village, can. — assistant—ship
for graduate study in economics, University oi lnwa
holland L. persons, American studies, Valparaiso, Ind. —
Elizabeth B. Patelke, Russian language and literature-Russian
Studies, Lake fluid', Ill. —
neither J. batteries, biology, Mediapolis —— study, louisville College or Osteopathy and Surgery
alberta Dressler batteries, speech correction, pda Grove — ma)tied to Joel C. batteries, ’67
smith Kr Peterson, sociology, online, illr — applied to national
Teacher Corps
santa M. wizard, English, Alpha, all. —
Michael J. Pill, history, Fort Dodge —«
John D. sitemap, political science, Lake Oswego, are. —
.janet R. Poland, political science, ClarmOnt, valid. — graduate
study in political science, University or Wisconsin
James D. Poison, economics, Albia —— law school, University ol
Iowa
George B. Potter, psychology, Omaha, well. ——
holly A. Priest, political sCience-Russian studies, Waterloo —
working with vlSTA
rrhornas D. hugh, biology, Grinnell # assistantship for graduate
study in biology, University 01 California at Riverside
Gregory L. Rankin, history, Santa Ana, valid. — graduate study in
secondary education
charles L. Ray, history, Chicago, ill. —
John Von written Raz, American studies, Chicago, Ill. —-
Mary L. teacher, history, Colorado Springs, solo. #
William E. messages, American studies, Cleveland, Ohio —
Jack L. Reynolds, history, Harlan — training with Peace corps
Louise 5. Robertson, biology, St. Paul, Minn. — employment in
biological research
Cheryl Ann Rogers, French, Grinnell — applied to Peace Corps
Amy Y. russian, biology, Portland, are. — graduate study in
pathology, Oregon State University
Thomas G. Russell, chemistry, st. Louis, Mo. -
Harry v. Ruth llc, economics, senator. Ga. — graduate work in
urban studies
___——-
GRADUATES
Continued on Page 8
 
them
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se- men should not have the right "lnllnlle delays” in the index- right of counsel to potential
receive Service Director Lewis to be represented by an actor- non process, Hershey billy “die drafteESb ‘21:: “111;? 125551;;
B. Hershey, who has opposed new when they appear before have a gm“ many phone w a person
. can small Oil for a year or a year boards. A bill to guarantee this
every ma)“ 1mm“ m “9mm ”cal um" ”0“"15' and a half the way it. is now." right to all Selective Service
the drain certified before Con— Giving potential trailers “13 Presently, Selective Service restaurants was detected iii the
press last week that young right of counsel would cause regulations specsﬁcalls deny the Senate Wednesday.
 
 
Page Eight
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, May 24. lm
 
SPRING SPORTSMEN STYMEED
Grinneli’s track, golf, and
tennis teams all finished near
the bottom of the standings in
filidwest Conference meets held
as: weekend at Minneapolis
and Norihfield, Minn.
The Pioneer tracking came
in seventh, the holders placed
rights, and the nutten shared
north place with joe.
Track
Grinnell collected is points
to outdoors Knox, joe, and Belolt as St, Olaf destroyed anytime champion Carleton. The
Oles outpointed Carleton 591/,oz in the battle for first place,
and plymouth came in third
With 39.
Thor johnson was Grinnell's
only champion, winning the
high jump at on. He dropped
fl.) fifth in the 4407yard intermediate handles, an event he
won a year ago, and also came
in smith in the toward high
handles.
Rio MacDowell was number
two man in the l-mile run and
captured third in the asoyai-d
run, and Doug gray took third
in the 2-mike runs
words Abel and Rich Weeks
placed fifth in the IOU-yard
dash and javelin, respectively.
Golf
Tim belong, a former Grinnell High School sports standard, took medalist honors with
a 158 and led Cornell to the
crown.
Grinnell, playing without number one man Russ Heuckendorf, who was ill, finished at
702, three strikes ahead of too
and 10 in front of Beloit.
John Uhlenhopp garden a 161
to rank as Grinnell’s low man.
John henderson posted o 175,
Doug link a 178, and Rollie
persons a 182.
Tennis
Lawrence ended Carleton's
threesome align as loop champion by mapping the girls zl13 in the point column. St.
Olaf claimed third with 13 (allied. .
Grinnell failed to Score for
the second year in a row as
all six Pioneer entries lost in
the first round. The results:
Singles — Charles Watt
(Knox) detected Doug Gilbertson, 6~l, 6-3; Bob Hamrin (St.
Olaf) detected Grant Crandall,
6-1, 8-2; Dave Holzworth (Lawrence) detected Rich Segool,
d-l, i122; Paul Croake (Lawrence) detected Greg balance
ﬁ-l, 6-2.
couples — Steve Greenfield
-Paul start (Cornell) detected
CrandallSegool, e2, e3; Mike
wrestling-Dave Castle (Carleton) detected Gilbertson-Ralph
grant, 6-0, 6-2,
Season Better?
The tennis team faced little
better during the season, wine
king only one at its matches—against joe, their last place
companion.
The holders won twice, heating William Penn and ice with
10-8 scores. The victory over
joe was Grinnell’s first conference dual win in two seasons.
The track men won one dual
meet, shopping Knox aldz. They
came close in a triangular on
May 7, placing two points behind Cornell.
Thor johnson faced the team,
winning the high jump at most
of the meets, and turning in
a 6'4" at the U.N.l.- Art Dicklnson delays. He also ranked
up firsts in the high and in‘
termediate handles.
pic MacDowell came through
with a triple-win in the Pioneers
first meet, sleeping the 880.
mile, and two-mile. words Abel
picked up two firsts in the 100
and 220. In a dual with Iowa
Wesleyan, Rich Weeks cleaner
up in shot put, javelin, and
triple jump.
Stubbs I Hope
The biggest addition to next
year’s team should be freshman morris Stubbs. Stubhs, who
ran on the Bahamas delays
team at the Pan American
Games at Winnepeg, will be
trying out for a birth on the
Olympic team. He has been
breaking freshman (and variety) records, turning in a 9.5
100 and a 21.0 220 in a fresh.
man dual with Knox.
BATSMEN
THIRD
The Pioneer baseball team
finished third in the Midwest
Conference's sources division,
The between had a 5-8-1 overall season.
The tie game was the second
half of a doubleheader with
joe, called in the elements with
I 5-5 score because of darkness.
The Pioneers beat fifth place
Knox three times (10-8, 8-1,
19-10), fourth place Come" on“
(40), and handed division leader plymouth its only defeat,
(ID-l). All ten runs were scored
in the Second ending.
The offense was led by great
Dubach’s ADO hitting. He also
added 17 runs and 17 fbi's and
store four bases.
mapping the matching staff
were Greg Dean (24, 3.51 era)
and Tom Murray (34, 4.04 era).
illlllllllHllllllillllllllllHillllllllllllllllllHimlllllllllllillllllllllllllHmilHillllllllllllilllHlllllHilllllllllllNIHlllllllllllllllllllHillllllllllllllllnlilllHlllllllllllllllllllHillllHilllllllltlllllllllllllllilllllllllllIIHlllllllllmliillllllllllllllillllllllHimlllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllNIHlHulllllllWillilllllllllllllllllllillllllllilUmllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllmilllllilllllllllllllllllllHlllllllllllilllllllllh
p GRADUATES
Patricia A. simpson, biology, West Soutllport, Me, —- employment
in Boston, Mass.
blend M. parent, philosophy, New YDrk, N,Y. — employment in
Hawaii
Continued from Page 1
Sioe H. Thong, biology, Djakarta,
biology
Robert w. commons, history, Springfield, Mo. —
Susan E. corner, English, Beaver Dam, WlS. — graduate study in
English, University of Wisconsin; marriage to Gregory M.
Dean, ’68, in August
Indonesia - graduate study in
Mary A. bring. American studies, browse points Farms, rich. —.
power secretariat SChool
Jean paper speed, philosophy, Middletown, Conn. — employment;
married to Charles V. green, ’65
Stephen F. Schneider, Chemistry, Des points -— fellowship for
graduate study in biophysics, University of Rochester School
at Medicine and chemistry
Leida B. halloween, political science, Nashville, penn. — employment in preschool education with culturally received children
Cynthia level smireck, psychology, inventory — employment;
married to David D. Schreck, ‘69
James Michael Schwartz, sociology, Ames .. fellowship for graduate study in sociology at Cornell University; married to the
former Linda alexander, '59
John C. UhlenthP. chemistry, Hampton — fellowship for graduate
study in biochemistry, University of Washington; married to
the former alliance Ward, ’68
alliance Ward Uhlenhopp, Sociology, Early — fellowship for graduate study in social work, University of Washington; married
nudity A. Scott, English, Omaha, web. -— teacher
solo., public school system
Richard A. Segool, chemistry, Amherst, Mass. —— medical school,
MCGill University, Montreal, Canada
Richard P. perfect, biologY, Dewitt — graduate study in into<
colony
John A. charge, mathematics, Port Clinton, Ohio — training with
Peace Corps
plans K. Smart, English, Carpentersville, ill. —
Janet R, Smith, physics, Cedar Rapids — graduate study in
physics, Iowa State University
before E. Southam, biology, Demarest, NJ. —
Donald Soulhworth, physics, coleman Estates, 111. —
Eugene J. neither, philosophy and religion-chemistry, St. Louis,
Mo. —
Richard W. Sprott, chemistry, St. Louis, Mo. — graduate study in
chemistry, University of New Hampshire
Jane Stastny, Spanish, River Forest, Ill. — training with National
Teacher Corps
Wayne R Stengel, English, Louisville, Ky. —
Ruthena J. Stemberg, sociology, St. Paul, Minn. —- professional
dancing and fashion modeling
Jane E. attacks, history, Chicago 111. —
Linda L. studies, history- Latin American studies, Liberty, Mo. —
Evelyn S. Sugawa, sociology, Honolulu,
Lynne russian, biology,
Robert B. Swortwocd, American studies, La dolls, valid. —
loans H. Sydow, German, Carlsbad, NM. — fell
ate study in Germany,
New York, NY. —
of German in Germany
Susan harley Synhorst, American studies, Madison, his. — graduate study in American civilization, University of Iowa; married
to David P. Synhorst, '56
Roger L. Teichgraeber, chemistry, Belleville,
in Pittsiield, Mass; marriage to Susan R. J
service Te Pasite, English, linux sense
Teacher Corps
honda J. thomas, mathematics, halo Alto, valid,
study in statistics, Un
Meilsh A. Thompson,
school, University of California at San Diego
w. Kent Thomson, history,
monday D. Tllornbury, history,
Winfield — law school
the Chicago Public Schools
g in the Denver,
Hawaii — graduate study
owship for grade<
Middlebury College Graduate School
Ill. — employment
console, '68, May 25
r — Working with National
— graduate
lversity of California at Berkeley
Jr, biology, Ridgeiicld, Conn. _ medical
petersburg, Ohio —- teaching in
to John C. Uhlenhopp, ’68
Mary L. patrick, anthropology, cooper, web. — graduate study in
anthropology, University of Washington
Peter Vermont, American studies, New York, NY. ‘-
Michael J. made, chemistry, Oregon, all. — assistantship for grad-
date study in Chemistry, pursue University
nudity l-l. Wallace, English, LaGrange, all. — graduate study in
English, University of Toronto
Margaret 0. Ward, sociology, Mt. Pleasant, penn. — assistant
ship for graduate study in sociology, University of Tennessee
Stephen L. marsh, history, Western Springs, all. _
Barbara S. lesser, English, New York, NY —
Robert 3‘. Wells, chemistry, Chicago, ill. ~ fellowship, medical
school University of Caliiomia at San Diego
Ellen D. service, history, McLean, Va. —
Christine M. Westermann, history, Kansas City, Mo. —- graduate
study in library science, University of illinois
roses R. seller, histmy, Philadelphia, Pa. —-
Martin L. Wheeiwright, philosophy and religion, Denver, solo. graduate study in sociology, University of Colorado
Jean M. Whitaker, economics, Fairfield — applied to Peace
Corps; marriage to Jonathan button, ’67, June B
John R. files, English, Corona, valid. — fellowship for study in
Florence, Italy
June l
Benjamin G. Williamson, history, Muscatine — scholarship, law
school, University of lawn; marriage to Anne c. seller, ’68,,
James R. Wilson, history, Worth, ill. H law school
Jeremy Wilson, history, Lake Forest, ill. _ applied for Officer
Candidate School with the United States Marine Corps
Donald W, Willney, history, hilton, MD. — fellowship for graduate
will; married to John E. Wolf, Jr., ’66
study in American history, Columbia University
Susan Wlii Wolf, biology, St. Louis, Mo. — assistantsllip for graduate study in plant and animal ecology, University of wisdom
Ronald w. Wood, psychology, Arlington Heights, Ill. — assistant
ship for graduate study, University of Rochester
version of iowa
Phillip A Woodward, chemistry, Waterloo — medical school, Unl-
marilyn N. human, history, Bartlcsville, Okla. - graduate study,
in population control, University of Pittsburgh
 
