rules Protest “Body Commercialism"
'A group of ten demonstration equipped
Wednesday in response to the appearance of a representative of Playboy
magazine on the Grinnell Campus. The
action took place at a questionranswer
session held in Gates lounge scheduled
r 4:00. After about a ten minute divorce between price proper and a few
M the 70 students and resident advisors present, the group began to remove their clothes.
They had entered the lounge bearing
signs, and at the beginning of their demonstration, a number of their clothes
aympathizers calculated notices explaininging their actions. The functioning
with proper was interpreted for only a
few minutes while the demonstration
song “You Gotta Walks That Lonesome
sales." pic owner accompanied them
with his guitar. The demonstration was
quiet and hardly discipline. The non<
participants remained calm with no
every reaction though a slight nervoustress was convertible. The functioning
continued as soon as the singing ended,
although the demonstration remained
nude for another fifteen minutes.
The notice which the group calculated
explained that the demonstrated group
was objective to the ”dehumanizing and
‘depersonalizing" attitude at the Playboy
philosophy. lt stated: “We protest Playboy's images of laptop female play-
things with organized productions and
their junior-executive-on-therapy»up processors." They were protecting against
the concept of women as “objects” in<
stand or humans. The questions which
followed the demonstration coming from
the demonstration and the rest 0! the
audience indicated metabolism against;
“exploitation of sex" in the magazine
and the creation of a “philosophy" and
human ideal for profit purposes.
Kit order, one or the participants, later explained that the action was intended not only to distant team the Playboy philosophy but also to assets their
own human density.
The participant also later told or what
she called ”an address rehearsal" being called the night before to build up
trust and courage among participants.
She also explained that during the dam
insulation she consolidated on singing
rather than her own nudity. Rather than
feeling metabolism for proper, the participant text sympathy for his having
“such an recreation job” and {or his
being a ”log in the Playboy philosophy,
a victim of the establishing
in general, the stainless Seemed to
feel that their post was made with ease
and naturalliess and felt no embarassrnent. proper later commented that he
was not oﬂended by the nudity but he
GRINNELL COLLEGE
SCARLET & BLACK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Playboy discussion was interpreted by singing from IO concerned
hidden‘ls. They were protecting the dehumanizing affect oi the Playboy
approach.
 
could not agree with the passengers objectives to Playboy magazine.
Although proper was not upset, President Legget is concerned with the mo
citation behind a “discipline and ex-
positioning protest". After the processors
have been identified the administration
will decide it the matter should be
brought before the Judicial Council, Extreme action seems impossible.
THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
 
Vol. LXXVI
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday. February 7. l969
price proper discussed the Playboy philosophy Wednesday afternoon in
sales lounge.
Democracy alerts New Elite
On Thursday night the Grinnell Stu-
' ent body turned our in housing fashion
elect two new senators. The two new
‘florists," elected on two balloon, are
Michael Brandon and Mike larger. The
ﬁend was narrowed from the original
«web candidates to Brandon. larger,
ion restore, and Ted click. Both the
list and second balloon were extremely
“we.
The Grinnell students turned out 181
people to vote on the first ballot, a superb turning compared to the 40 people
expected by Tom Thomas, S.G.A. president. The student body cams closer to
:‘l'homes' prediction on the second and
final ballot by responding with 100
hotels. Since the election was extreme‘
1y close and Thomas indicated that at
least twenty students cast votes {or noncandidates on the first ballot, it seems
reliable that the two new senators could
have won the election on twenty~one
Votes apiece.
it is certainly obvious that twentyone
votes from l,200 students is not a responding show oi support for the new
senators In a tremendous “vote apache’
the student body in actuallity has cast
a vote for the present “edition" structure
oi student government. There will be no
change in the relationship between the
students and the Senate and thus, this
election was merely another student
government force under the ever present
guide oi representation.
No. I!
Playboy Interview: proper controlled By 5&8
By JON STEIN
in conjunction with the continuing pro.
gray on sex education, Wednesday afternoon price proper, a representative or
playboy magazine visited the campus.
He spoke at barnes and Gates Hall to
students interested in the Playboy Philosophy. The following is an interview
that took place at Homes lounge.
5&3 — To begin with, I’d like to know
what department you work for.
Playboy —— I’m involved in promotions
specifically on college computer. I visit
approximately seventh computer a year,
promoting products for our advertisers
and doing public relations work for the
magazine,
5&3 —— How important is the college
student to your circulation and to what
age group do you try to appeal to?
Playboy ~ We aim our magazine at
the 18434 year old, well educated, urban
male.
5&3 — Could you tell me what elements of the magazine you consider important?
Playboy — There are no elements that
are singularly important, it is a package
of articles, reviews, interviews and pic<
trials.
5&3 — How important is the center
workout?
Playboy — Not very. . .
SﬂtB — Do you have any idea of the
readers you'd lose it you disappointed
the workout?
Playboy — Well. . .an independent research group has informed us that we
would lose 15% of our readers if we took
out the workout; alter a while, 5% would
return.
5&3 — How does that relate to your
proﬁts?
Playboy —I don't know, it depends. . .
5&3 — My point is that the ultimate
is a trademark of sorts, used to sell
everything from bath towers to the Playboy Clubs. Your. supposed appreciation oi!
the human form is in reality common
english.
Playboy — We try to present the ultimate as a well-founded person and not
merely as a body—
shirt >— How do you view women in
general?
Playboy —— We look at the role of woman as someone who is a companion, u
complement to the mall.
5&3 — Is attractiveness important?
Playboy — Yes, sexual attractiveness
enhanced the equipment between part
news.
5&3 — The human body is beautiful,
but inn’t Playboy guilty of stereotyping
beauty and exaggerating the playback’s
accessibility?
Playboy — I philip you're over-emphzu
living the importance or the told-out.
What we're trying to do is put together
a total entertainment package for young
men, and until the time comes when
PLAYBOY—
continued on Page 7, Column 1
3::
Eagles Withdraw Support
Black community Night
Many of the civic groups in Grinnell
are sponsoring a new kind of program,
the “Community Night”, this coming
Saturday. its title is “Know Your weighted, use", and deals with the CBS
documentary “Black History: Lost.
Stolen or started?" The Grinnell Eagles
Club, however, withdrew its support or
this program when it discovered that
its national organization “does not allow
‘colored people' to become members",
the Herald-Register reported Monday.
The program is nevertheless open to
the entire community, Saturday at 8:00
PM. at the Veterans Memorial Cents:Admission is has. ,
 
Page Two
EDITORIAL:
Does Faculty democracy Disrupt Education?
dirty-one students were suspended from the
University of Chicago this week for protecting a
faculty decision against the relating of an instructor who had “readings to the left.” Those students
dramatically displayed their involvement with their
education and educators. They were intended by a
faculty that was apparently more concerned with
politics than with education, The student anger
caused the first major reception aimed at the faculty
of an institution.
College societies have an almost directories
power in hiring and filing practices, which can definitely form the character of an institution. Students want a say in determining the character of
their education and some are willing to risk suspension to combat actions determining the quality
of knowledge they wish to gain. The student actions at Chicago are accessible for they are challenging an aspect of society, the faculty structure,
that is discussing their education.
This incident brings to mind a certain similar
faculty decision at Grinnell. A letter appeared in
the November 15, 5&3 protecting the termination
of Sheldon garden. The students were deeply concerned over his termination “His clarity of presentation and command of classic and contemporary material combined with his unique ability to
communicate makes him a most answering teacher
. . . Such desire to extend himself beyond the classroom realm has resulted in a balance of support
and respect rarely found between teacher and student.” This instructor has obviously given a great
deal to his students. It seems didﬁcult to understand
what motivated the faculty to terminals this sufficient educated. ‘He inn’t even a political threat.
One workers what led the faculty to this action
,(fear)? Apparently educational concerns didn’t.
Why is this discussion to our education not
being challenged? Now that our social lives are
specified, SGA, SDS, and the average Grinnell student seem to be suffering from a lack of concerns.
It is time for those students who are now free of
other instructions (opens, the election, etc.) to hit
what is presently happening, education. Concern
must be expressed more deeply than simply direct—
ing more time to studies as the faculty suggested
earlier this year.
This institution is no different from others and
must not remain interviews to student concern for
education (the letter to the editor did not succeed
in extending garden’s stay). Students must also end
their apache toward the institution. Faculty positions are important to every student for they very
much form his education. This is one of the most
relevant issues of the day and must not be ignored.
Perhaps the SGA and SDS could get organized.
Perhaps the faculty could take some action on
behalf of the higher goals of education.
Perhaps the students could get concerned
enough to at least participate in the newly formed
Educational Policy Committees. Chicago students
were willing to be suspended attempting to determine their education. Are Grinnell students afraid
to even raise their voices? S. K.
W
Announcements
Nous, the literary quarterly
magazine, is now looking for
material [or its third issue. Short
stories, essays, photographs,
drawings, paintings, songs H
anything that can be reproduced
by photoroilset.
Subscriptions to the magazine
are still available at $3.50 for
all four issues or $1.00 for each
copy. Contact John Herr, ext.
E53 or Nancy fees, ext. 275 for
timber information.
Four Grinnell students were
named “generates” from region 10 by the selection complete ol the Woodrow Wilson
Foundauon. They are, James
Arieti, Michael Dompm, marilyn VanDyke Fi‘iedléunder, and
Donald stamp.
Those receiving “renewable
Mention” were, Clifford Frohlich, gazette would, Diane com«
france, and Eieonore Spiegel.
SCARLET AND BLACK
talk of the town
By FREDRICKA NELSON
the talk today is mostly of the coming
spring though everyone agrees that their hopes
are quite procedure. the forwarding ice that
is all over my street and the streets of my
neighbors, the sam'ckeepcrs and small businessmen, is a continued reminder that we
are in the depth of winter. it comes to us
in November or (december and We all long
for a white verified world. after experience
comes a different sense of our surroundings
as the snow becomes dirty files and ice
puzzles ol cokeeflour colored must. we number
the days of january and secretary as just
so many earnings oi sprinkling lime and
sand around our own places while we dream
ol the warmth and smell oi spring. [his is
the rounds winter or some, and for when,
just one in a lifetime of iowa shows. before
i came lo grinnell we had some huge bliz—
warning seasons with ten foot drives and ice
on the trees almost an inch thick. we didn‘t
have school or electricity because both roads
and wires were all centered out. for the past
few years big shows haven't been a fact and
winter has not discussed institutions as much
as ll. might. shows are good and bad though,
since you run out of water in the summer if
you don’t get enough in winter. this winter
that's upon us came with promises of being a
hard, long, stopped—up storm season — something we wait lnr with mixed feelings depending on our age. children never mind
cold at all and delight in playing castle or
fort in the grey files of mid—winter. the first
snow this year was early and considerable —
a sufficient sign to some that this would bl
on lower winter that was.
this week part of the town We chosen to
describe for you is main street past fourth
avenue. the area begins with coast-20mm
and is oi interest where inherited to just past
the tracks. the most picturesque buildings from
this street were porn out last summer in
whats have heard was a response by the city
to an advertisement for east street gallery
remaining a photograph of that part or me
block. the businesses were rather defence
but interesting. one store front was filled
with appliances and carried a hand-denied
sign: BuY, SelL, Trade and maybe, ii my
memory can give an impression of the marketplace, ForRenL there was also the p and m
cafe with warm restaurant yellow wood months
that had built in coat rangers. the cafe and
one used furniture store have fallen by the
Way in the first of new aluminum doors and
big windows, except that where they once
W
Seo berg intended
To the Editor:
While I agree wnh Mr. Steinhorn that paying
$1,000 to Mr. Seaborg is contained mostly, and
also agree that most of Grinnell found Mr. feature to be full, I do not find his analysis Of
the lectures to be completely hair,
Can anyone highway blame Mr. Seaborg for
our lack or a test ban treaty? or even more delicious can he be expected to be able to ex»
plain why we do not have a list-ban treaty?
Certainly there are better people to point Iowa
Certainly there are better people lo point
toward as causing the lack oi a treaty. Cern
mainly, an administrator of scientists and scientist cannon be expected to be able to point
out the people and forces to blame for our
lack of a treaty.
I also doubt that Mr. Seaborg can be placed
for his initial reaction in encountering the
lesbians, “They’re just folks like us." This
cassette is a normal reaction, especially in a
country where one presidential candidate cells
us how lucky we were to be born Americans
and the other party’s vice-presidential hands
dale makes fun of Orientals and roles.
Walking Info Roberts and expertise a Dean
Rusk to give a presentation on Vietnam was
fully. All that one could reasonably expect at
Mr about was to hear from specialists and
administrator of scientists. If the audience
had started With this explanation, I believe, reactions to Mr. sectors would have been a
shade more positive.
BYRON COLLINS
Friday. February 7. [969
The charles & Black
Student Newspaper of
Grinnell College,
Grinnell. Iowa
in Indépending news.
pm on paper no ibm weekly,
\ WE except dining holidays
We ﬁnd minimum periods,
by his Grinnell co.»
m ‘5
.§
§
a
nilllco on siemens dubai-
/ . \ various Subscription
lillluwixsrue mic sum per school
year.
[didﬂl , ,.., SUSAN KAESER
Business Manager bruce STROM
Managing hﬂilor mu. RAFFERTY
Associate Editor .. ”own: swee
copy :niio. . SARAH ANDREW
com Pholﬂgmyilel . DAVID LlNoawM
Reporters Lynn Adams, Killhy null,
click Fronllnh, Gary classes,
bu Hirsch, came Jones,
Mnrgurel smaller, Rich Schmlechen
let. shown, Yvor Slonldey
stood has not been request, but contains nice
sand, clean and ﬂat.
the three remaining businesses are some
of the best in town: the left, duifly's and
davis's. though i’Ve never ventures to the left,
share heard that its quite a night spot, with
country music live three nights a week and
clouds of people on those nights as well as
others. diffs's is a good old ba-r, small and
two called, with planets hot related and some
particularly persistent pitch players in regular attendance. diffs has been good :0 my
friends and i, even hosting a few members of
the sun francisco mime groups one evening.
just remember to smile. '
probably the interest place in town is mrs.
davis's second hand shop. the bargains In be
found are big-logged pants for a quarter,
overcome: for one dollar and shoes from ten
in ﬁfly cents. the sessions today an be
found in any shop like this for much more
reasonable figures than the usual $14.95. mrs.
davis is a good business-woman and has much
that reserves to be unearthed riding .in boxes
and careers about the shop. You really must
discover these spots in leisure, so remember
to walk down the street past the corner. maybe
you'll ﬁnd something you wanted in a store,
or you can make a right turn at the tracks
and cake in the surgery around them out to
the end or town. supposedly out'a sight. living
here is a curious mixture of being enthralled
with your world, and again of simply moving
though it and later remembered, or feeling
you've completed something or feeling a relief
that it happened without plans and held a
reward you hadn't counted on. we’re all
curious (and seriously, as they say in fairy
tales).
peace be with you.
i am mailing, a long time now,
to find, who shall anime. . .
from this sterilized iowa farm
to cry out in a relevant word,
just one, with hungry breath,
I Am.
and who shall search with me
for a designed stream of Sun
and run middle on its covering my
to hide from this mistress while.
(apache has a permalink soul)
so who shall dare
to explore from is happened lips
and grass with the acting wind
a lost and burning breath. and who
might rise ibm this vegetation
to shirt with the humanity of the moon,
or an union Child-
or a blind bigger
leglessly programming doom.
who will come from their mask
to kiss of the ground
and lie naked before the sun,
to lead from their wireless
and storm an ancient dance oi death
on a living grave.
who, who, who
here, shall rise from this place
and say yes, yes, yes,
.thank you, griilnell, but for i,
for i.
i should proper to live
ED mason
 
Friday. ‘Foimm-y 7. I?”
SCARLET AND BLACK
logo Thin
 
Cloud Looks For Silver dining low Performance
By MARGARET MUELLER
Despite the enthusiasm of its staff and
listening audience, the executive board of
KDIC races a serious question of survival. The basis of the problem is maintaining a well trained staff that will
carry on from year to year, achieving
excellence in both the technical and
programming aspects or broadcasting.
Station manager Al Cloud explained
that in order to attract the best people,
KDiC needs to offer something other
than ago qualification. There should be
competition for state positions because or
the benefits they other. Cloud hopes
this situation can be realized by offers
ing benefits of two kinds. The first is
monetary benefits to the executive board
members, who spend a great deal oi
time organized and over-seeing operations. The second, and hopefully even
more beneficial stimulus should be the
establishment or an academic program
in communications, leading to college
credit, as was mentioned in the Haveiman report on curriculum change. The
KDIC board sees the possibility that
communications courses could fit into
an inter-disciplinary study such as the
present Area Studies Programs. This
STOP
DON’T TH ROW
1T AWAY!
You Can Sell or Rent It
Through The 5&B‘s
Classified Section
For his Low As 75‘
CALL BRUCE STROM
NOW!
EXT. 240
would hopefully include Speech and
Theater, and journalism, as well as
broadcasting courses.
The purpose of this potential addition
to the curriculum would be to train students in the technical and educational
aspects or various terms of mass media.
It is anticipated that students in this field
would staff the radio station and at the
same time gain valuable excel‘leave
from it. Persons who Showed qualifications through an interview could also
work for the station.
contracting the argument that a liberal arts school should not give pro<
icssicnal training, a \vellaplanllerl com<
medications program could » hire the
benefits or a practical application oi
course material Slmlilar to those received
by Grinnell students who do Student
teaching in Chicago or acting in Milwaukee.
The executive board feels that if KDIC
is allowed [a reach its full potentiial it
can condition as a source of intervals—
ment, intellectual calculation, and education, both to its audience and to its Shaft.
But, as Cloud points out, the staff cannon
be expected to fulfill these expectations
without adequate training. Therefore,
additions to the curriculum in communication would be beneficial to involved
individuals and the college community
as a whole.
IT’S GUNNINGHAM’S
FOR VALENTINES
CANDIES FROM
PANGBURN'S AND
FANNY FARMER
CARDS FROM
NORCROSS AND
HALLMARK
 
@lhTS INTERNATIONAL
Come In and See The Latest New Cram
DIPPITY GLAS
Makes Beautiful Mobiles. Artificial Flowers, and
allied objects D‘fri.
See Us For Valentine Gifts of All Kinds.
 
Remember Her oil'lt A
will of Music From
LEEPER MUSIC COMPANY
Across from Central Park
High Ideals
By DIANE PDMERANCE
TO THE EDITOR: these opinions
do not necessarily represent those of
the KDIC editorial board, executive
board, or anybody else; but rather
those of a passed-off student who happened to have some Contact with the
radio station and was maybe looked
by rising expectations.
KDIC was born out of an intense disease for the way things were being run
on campus; its “goals and philosophy”
reflect that dissatisfaction: the news—
paper WAS being run by its usual unique,
student government was not successfully representing the needs of the com
munich, and creativity and spontaneity
on campus, then as now, seemed almost
nonexistent.
A group of students began to create
a radio station, and after three
years, 1(ch is the result. It is
questionable Whether the station is
worth the effort. The three major
goals or the original station boundary
were to provide better and more
music than could be heard anywhere
else, to provide an outlet for student
creativity and ideas, and, possibly
most! important, to provide a means
of communications that would units
the college community (or at least
the students, it it was going to come
down to a configuration.)
The “Special Program” slots were intended for student-originally and oriented material: in—depth coverage oi campus problems, live performances oi student musical groups, studentraculty discussions, radio plays. Occasionally,
some folder-its are carried into participation, but most of these time slots are
ﬁlled by pre-decided musical programs
and lectures, and old Grinllell lectures.
It KDIC had these goals Tom the
beginning, why is the station continuing to broadcast music for fifteen
hours each day? Why inn't the station the portion of communication
and creativity it once hoped to be?
Last fall there was a Certain degree
BEYMER’S
King's Fund Host U.S.A.
Ann Kirschner on the air.
of paranoia about being put off the air
by the FCC; the Executive Board reached by cutting down on disk hockey freedom to do and say what they wanted.
The bureaucratic problems Di armenia
during a onehundred member organization cut down url the time the Executive
Board had for direction the station toward its original goals; there were just
too many dIddIYVSIllL things to be done to
maintain a broad perspective about the
station. Personality conﬂacts Within the
state also provided installed to achieving
a long-range View. As a result. the Execa
steve Board's enthusiasm based; staff
mobile and broadcasting quality followed
close behind.
The first thing to do should be to
raise the quality of the station in terms
of creativity. Disk jackets ought to be
allowed complete freedom to do what
ever kind 0! show they want: musical,
talk, discussion with students and facility, friends, towards, or any combine«
tion. Most station personnel are by now
cognitive of FCC restrictions; there is
still a great deal of latitude without
having to resort to obscenity or label.
All students should be aware of the
present policy or allowing any student to
do a special show: anything that could
excuse, or at least interest. the campus
should be welcomed. After all, it is the
Voice of the Students, not the Canadian
Broadcasting Company.
The news staff should be golden into
a strong. independent department, and
should concentrate on singing out what
is happening at Grinnell. We can’t compete with Walter Cronkite, so we shouldn’ll. try. There are a lot of little known
facts about Grinnell that might interest
people if someone gathered to investigate them. The radio obviously has the
advantage or immediate news coverage;
the ssl could follow up with more
detailed analysis and feature material.
Cutting the broadcasting day could
improve quaLity and mobile. The disk
jackets who ran the more creative and
stimulating shows would remain on the
air, the others would be more desirable.
and once the overall quality rose, maybe
the excitement and pride of KDIC’S iiri
few weeks on the air would return,
Applications for a new Executive
Board jul be out soon; what map
pens to now in the next few months
depends upon ﬁusing the people with
the perspective to solve these proc.
links. Otherwise, the $20,000 gloryﬁed
record player in the cover or party
is essentially northwest.
DELICIOUS
King’s panties
And
AMERICAN GREETING
CARDS
For A Happy
valentine's Day
THIIRI’ PHARIllllBY
725 Broad
 
Iago Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
Return to Grinnell — Culture Shock
By LYNN ADAMS
"Henry James should have
been a Buddhist!” Grinnell is a
culturally shopping place, full
ul people bent on making generations; Beverly coastal funds
ti strange. She has physically
come back from the Global
semester, but has not yet completed the process of manually
returning to the Western World.
Four more Grinnellians have
also been on the Global Semester: Charlie Martin, Martha
jersey, Kaye nandtord, and
Rama canyon. The semester
was offered by St. Olal. and
listed from August through
January. Throughout the trip
they studied religions. In Ethiopia there was a course in Sociology; in India, Economics;
in Thailand, Education; in
’alan, art.
The first day I saw her. dev
was occasionally tonguetied because she had been speaking
Japanese; she left forward
with her silverware at dinner.
A day later, she told episodes
or the past live months in Ethilrpia, India. Thailand a nd
japan.
Guru Friend
Beverly's guru, Mahesh NaiIhani, in Allahabad, India,
probably made the request impression on her. He is twenty-
]wo, and years his hair down
to his providers as a way or
saudiﬁking good looks.
Mahesh and Beverly scandahzed Allahabad by going out:
together in a outlook cart, or
on a shorter, or on a boat in
the ranges, where dev attract
ed a crowd of small boats by
playing her guitar. The scanner
was that dating is not done.
Mehesh’s remarkable letters
give some idea oi what it is to
find an indian guru.
“Beverly, you have written
that you don’t know what you
want in life, Do not let this
problem become the problem.
1 will explain you how. What
happens — one day man in his
nightmare crimes up the mounted and reaches in the million.
Suddenly, dawn — morning —
he makes up — but now he can»
not do anything. He cannon go
back. Don‘t let your nightmare
(unawareness) take you too far.
“You must try and control
your promotion desire of living
in the present.”
Curriculum of Adventure
The students’ curriculum was
their expectations. dev says one
needs Mahesh's idealism when
the dead and dying are so commonly to be seen. The students
round villages in Thailand entirely devoted to umbrella-mama
ing, one for levels, one for
servers. in a mountain village
in Cambodia they were met by
a little boy wearing a coupled)
Seven sweatshirt. Batman dolls
are sold at the fair. dev the
“how” (loreigner), didn't know
what kind of ride she was taking at that hair. They took her
through the audio show twice.
Planes flow over Thailand on
their missions. No one could be
sure just what the American
servicemen they met were do
log; dev felt they were printable value.
key receivers foods: in
Ethiopian homes, injury and
was, or grey bread and meat
sauce, dipped with the fingers,
and Ethiopian honey beer,
called Tej. In India the sheets
with tail - one was expected
to eat the rail to help direction.
One never asked where the
milk and eggs came from. In
Japan it was tried rice and
water buffalo (more tender than
Saga beef).
The girls more paris to class
in india, with stories around
their needs and providers; they
soon learned that it was scan—
dallas to appear have—logged.
dev caught about one intimate
occasion when an indian girl
 
lSUMMARIES!
Up with canon‘s comparable Bond Typewriter Paper!
An ordinary pencil fraser picks up
cry Imudge, every mistake.The special
wallace treatment lets you trade
without a trace. ll canon's comparable '
leaves your papers especially next,
what are you waiting for? Get it in light
medium, heavy weights and Onion
Skin. in looksmart packets and 500 ,
sheet read boxes. At Stationery Stores ,
and Departments.
Only canon makes CorrssableP
IAYON’S COIIASAILE BOND TYPEWIITER PAPER
bacon Paper Company,
litslield, Massachusetts 01201
made the during suggestion,
“Since we are all girls, let’s
take off our stories."
In Thailand one does not show
the bottom of one’s foot. That
is equivalent to giving someone
the finger. In Ethiopia it is innocent exposure to show one'l
armpit. It is considered very
nude there to refuse to drink
when one visits a home.
During a bus trip through
rural Ethiopia, villages of tukul, mud hits with grass roots,
they met clause, a French explorer, who was a rough Richard Burton sort, wearing elephant-ear bracelets. When he
told them about the loss hi hi:
friends, water by indicators,
they realized that they were
really in Africa.
Among the holy men that dev
law in India were those that;
were fails on their heads. Holy
men can roll their stomachs in
such a way as to massage all
their orgasm, They may clean
their stomachs by swallowing a
long strip at gauge and pulling
it out. But more important than
such authorities is the underlying idea that nudity of body
creates nudity of mind. The
wilderness learned that they
could not private many of the
covered exercises of lha Asians
simply because they were not
small and timber.
variety ot Soclai Nor-ml
and Laws
60 to 90% of the mortgages in
Ethiopia end in divorce because
mortgages are arranged when
the people are very young.
Traditional Christian concepts
(in this Christian African nation) give way to new civil
divorce customs, such as voltage - yours - and - t . take mine, or i - one - you - so a
much - money ~ for - each year - we - were - together.
The result is that middle-aged.
disorder women in great numbers are forced to become constitutes. It also explains why the
important men were available
[0 date the needs.
In the criminal law of Ethiopia, unlike the American sys.
tel or guilty or not guilty,
there are ten degrees of built,
Friday. February 7. '96!
click extends civilization Meeting
War Goes On—resistance Continues
By TED GLICK
The writing of an article on
(he civilization In Washington
sponsored by energy and Laya
men Concerned About Vietnam
is like a woman paying an involvement stranger to breast need
her child so that this mother can
particular in some other activity.
The baby receives the nourishment but does not receive the
feeling ol the love and the care
which should go along with the
reading of the child. in like manner, I can write down what has
peter in Washington, but 1 don‘t
know if I am capable, in written
lomi, oi getting across the spirit
and the meeting which i left very
strongly throughout the civilization. For this reason I am
going to simply try to give an
dependent upon the living situation ol the accused: a mono,
n proper, a child, and one with
a female mind each have lesser
built. The system assumes determining, and Ethiopians do
not regard crime as harmful to
society. Rather it is something
to be organized by revenge or
blood-money.
file infringement in India is
quite nice: each night and each
day count as a day, so one may
finish one's like infringement
in half the time.
80% or North Thailand girls
become constitutes; it is not
considered particularly unavailable there. black-up damages
are available for $5.00, as one
or the Global semester girls
found out, unexpectedly. Fortunately the man, a relative of
the famous King of Siam, carey
that she might report him to
the Embassy. He expected her
to act like American movie
services.
The impressionistic kind of
telling dev has given me reveals the semester, and the
significance oi it. which is too
global to be allrofrarpiece.
 
Your roommate
cant sleep
in the Clark?
Think it over; over coffee.
The-Think Drink.
Vlry'wovmvhmb own on. send m m law mm. an advice] or
1hlrlADIi/lltNul.cal w.r.o.ao.sort.w..rs.t;~ V.Ino“,1h.lnwmliumltenuous/null».
idea ol what happened in Washington, in the hope that this will
interest you enough to come to
discuss the ideas of the civilization Monday at 4:00 pm. in
South lounge. There I will talked as much or a question and
answer and discussion-type format as possible.
The type ot individual present
at the civilization can best but
shown by this short list of sims
of those involved: Sen. McGovern, William Sloane Collin, Sen.
Hatlield, Mrs. Martin Luther
King, Marcus Raskin (organizer
of the New Party), David can
rss (founder ol the West Coast
Resistance and one of the first
draft card returning), and Joan
Baez Harris. Add to these the
leaders of the American Friends
Service Comm., the Fellowship
nl recommendation, the Resistance, National Council or
Churches, SANE, principal
Peace Fellowship, not to mention the top quality processors
who were present, and perhaps
one can sense the feeling that
was generated. This feeling, a
mixture oi concern, an intense
desire for knowledge, a didﬁcult-
:subscribe feeling ol being ol
the same spirit and will, and
provided in every moment with
love and commission for the up
pressed and each other was a
most moving and effective force.
what was covered at this
civilization? Basically there
were three areas which was
examined: Vietnam and our
similar foreign policy in other
countries, the economics of the
growing role or the militarylndustrial - education complex,
and limit repeat, draft Resi
name, and amnesty for political prisoners and military
disorders opposed to our for
sign policy.
in as brief a form as possible,
the main tools brought north
these: (1) The war is not over.
The killing and the mailing
continue. There Can be no i’elevation among the members ol
the Peace movement. On a big
sign posted over the speakers
stand was this message: “You
think the War is over ——- US.
News and World Report Jan. 27,
1969 in Vietnam today — 537,000.
by Dec. '59—475,000, By Dec. '70
450,000, by Dec. ’71—200,000.
(2) The U.S. is involved, in many
third world countries, in exactly
the same actions as those of the
early Vietnam war (in Guatemala, Bolivia Thailand, Peru,
and others) that is, we are
suppliers military arms and advisors to supplies any truly democratic movement and we support governments which are
basically running the country as
an hierarchy. (3) The military
budget will, unless there can be
massive pressure and r(R)existence, increase alter (7) the War
ends (which will probably not
occur lot at least three years).
(4) The draft and construction
have to either be done away
with completely (since this
where the Pentagon gets its
manpower and influence) or
there has to be a nation-wideprogram oi draft resistance. not
just an increase in c.o.s but a
‘ MOBILIZATION—Continued on Page ii, column I
 
Friday. February 7, lib?
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
SDS Where Are You?
Despite Julia and David Eisenhowers'
warning that selection of the establishment and a search for une's own values
will lead to unhappiness, (from an eyeop—
ﬁking interview with these two already-
rating-actheremples carriers in This
eek magazine), Grinnell’s longest descending voice has decided to clear its
throat and raise its cry once again,
Two of the most important questions
racing SDS, (part of that “small minority that gives a bad picture of the 0th
org”). are who will be the leaders and
who will want to follow to the degree
of making posters, staffing boxes, typing,
making lists and determining. Most people are involving to step in and make
the sacrifices of time and energy that
leadership demands.
There is also the problem or unificalionl Some SDSers are sitting back and
covering their radicalism, (“and not doing a earned thing," says Kit order,
well known radical), others are including
themselves with their books and high intensity lamps or personal theoretical
Itruggles, but some are determinedly enthusiastic.
A number of people believe with Bruce
listen that SDS will lean toward the New
Working Class theory It is concerned
with the consumer orientation of society
and the pressure from the manufacturers
and the status competition that is working him to consumer The revolution would
be a selection or this style Last semester
the pro—making Progressive Labor Party
concept was preliminary. Its emphasis
is on the bourgois secretariat class
struggle and organizing in the batteries
listen feels that largest-humanity
thought will prepaid over the MarxistLeninist line of last semester.
"The issues will be campus centered
. but related to national problems," specs-
later Kit Lederl The effort to get
R.O.T.C. off campus will continue. Work
tn involve students in the forming of an
admissions policy and curriculum, and
the functioning of who is controlling
their education, how, and why, will begin. Mike McElfresh hopes to start a
committee on racing and work on alignlng students with workers. He feels that
the youth culture, New Working Class
and Yippiesl are a had trend.
Probably the most significant change
in SDS will be its attempt to be more
concerned with and respective to what
all students are thinking about and less
concerned with SDS formation and reno«
lutionary historic
 
Save This Coupon
And
Save 10% On All
Purchases; 20%
On Those Over ‘25.!)0
AT...
BRYAN'S SHOE
SERVICE
”If Your Shoes
Aren’t Becoming
To You, They
Should Be Coming
To Us!”
721 BROAD
‘ For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Act-u Iron the Post julie.
GRINNELL. TOWA
HOUSE OF GIFTS
81 1 5th Ave.
OFFER GOOD ON
ALL REGULAR PRICE
MERCHANDISE
norton Reviews McCarthy
By RAY HORTON
Instructor in Political Science
To onlticize Senator Eugene McCarthy
during last year’s Presidential cal-npaign was difficult. Those who did discovered that the directory between MoCarhhy and the very real demand against
whom he fought provided him an image
that both shoulder and enrolled him.
Analysis or the man today may be
more fruitful (and neither most nor
surely historical if his recent statement
oi “intended interest” in the 1972 nomination is accurate).
Part of the popular fascinating with
McCarthy items from the feeling that
he is unfathomable, lntellemuals in
America are particularly find or this
train in their politicians. McCarthy seems
a man shot through with paradox. He is
capable of being both frequent and ob—
score, hometown and arrogant, intellectually committed and continually de.
tachedl He can speak of opening our
political institutions to the young, then
support Russell long over Ted Kennedy
for Democratic ship, He can invest himself in a courage to discharge us from
Vietnam, then turn over his residential
Foreign Relations assignment to a hawk.
He can argue for the moral and political necessity of keeping blacks within
the system, then fall to campaign in
black neighborhoods. Throughout his recent political career the values and behavior for which many applied him have
been followed by specially inexplicable
ladies. In these he seems to delight or,
at least, leave unexplained.
The argument here is not that politicians can, must or should be consistent
over the long-run. In a pmfegion where
careers are long, motivation possible,
treasures and issues complex. census»
henry may indicate only a simple mind.
Yet. it does seem important that at a
 
WHAT'S GOOFY. LOONY. NUTTY. AND SAVES YOU MONEY?
KRAZY DAZE
AT THE SQUiRE SHOPPE
FRIDAY. FEB. 1 AND SATURDAY, FEB. 8
w. or the square Shoppe have gone :misc .
. We‘ve lost our price list
and can't remember the profit margin — So unless leu're «are. no. you will pick
up on these extra savings — "boy now where did I leave that iisi."
SUITS (Values in 880) — Special Rack . . . s211.88
SPORT BOATS —— Special Rack . . .
'/2 PRIUE
OVERGOATS — Special Rack . . . . . . . '/z PRIOE
TIES — ‘/2 PRIOE
SHIRTS (Values to 3SI) — Special Table . . . s3.93
JEANS — Special Table . . . . . . . . . . . . s3.98
SWEATERS (Values to ‘25) . . . . . . . . . . . $.98
FAMOUS AND NAME ITEMS
OSH-KOSH — MANHATTAN —— TEMPO — MANY MORE
SHIRTS — Special Rack . . . . . . . . . . '/2 PRICE
3 PAIR SOOKS (Reg. sI Per Pair) . . . . . . . 31.98
BLUE OHAMBRAY SHIRTS (Reg. 33.93) Now ‘248
EVERYTHING MUST GO!
given time in history people be able
develop some undersmnding of the basic
beliefs and dominant behavioral pattern
of those who other themselves to lead
the country. Obscurantism may he dis<
tinguishable from publicity (as an act of
passion may be different from one or
precipitation), but the end result may
be the same. whether or not Johnson
died about Vietnam during the 1964 campaign seems highly immaterial now.
posts may object to the above as an
attempt to put down the sublime and
psychiatrists as an example ai amateur
psycho-analysis. both may be right.
Let me develop the argument a bit differently by showing my concern ibm
what I can't find in McCarthy to what
I think i can.
First, he strike's me as a gentleman‘s
liberal" in whom lives as much Tory as
Whig. To criticism our Vietnam policy
took more courage than liberalism — to
criticism the Democratic Party took neither — to enter the fight with black.
takes both — to support oil men and
Russell Lﬂng shows neither. A gentle
liberal he is; the right kind (in my view)
he is not.
Then there is his emotional attachment, which is closely related to the
above To paraphrase Arthur achieving—
er, “reason without passion is stories."
our system is already weighted so heavily to inertia that edition and forcefulness are detailed from leaders who
talk of change. 1 sense in McCarthy that
the well or edition would too quickly
run dry.
Third, McCarthy reflects the progressive sentence to actor power in politics.
His views on the American providence.
it put into action, would reverse over a
half-century of history and once more
return national power to the conservative
calls of Congress More than ever America needs an aggressive resident who
will seek and use power, receiving that
the availability of his political resources
is directly related to his ability to effect
change.
Finally, there is the problem oi constitution support. For whatever reasons
(and i think the above suggests some),
McCarthy has drawn support from a
somewhat narrow and somewhat surprising series of groups e the young, the
interventions, the White middle and upper classes, the suburbanites. i would
argue that among them only the young
represent a truly progressive force. The
real problem, though, is less the presence of certain support groups than the
absence of others, primarily blacks. simon may prove this wrong, but the absence of black support for our national
leaders (and a reciprocal enthusrasm)
seems potentially dangerous.
Let me close with a caveat and a situation. in my opinion McCarthy should
have been Time Magazine's Man Oi the
Year, for his courage and the decision
role he appears to have played in eating
the Vietnam Situation. For this alone ha
has won a place in history. He was, but
clumsily, the right man at the right
place at the right time. However, America’s problems run deeper than Vietnam
and our party structures They call for
more than familiar liberalism and an
underlying attachment from edition and
the quest for political power.
CAMF STAFF OPENINGS:
camp K'button in Northern
Minnesota'provided unique run.
her experience for emotionaliy disturbed and manually regarded children. Opening! include: waterproof Staff iw.s.i.
or Senior fire saving. male and
female): Program/Operations
start Imalel; Cook; Registered
Nurse. Good uiarietl Write:
Daniel Mason. 530 N. clinton,
low. City. Iowa 51140.
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
locations for
Social Change
By CATHY JONES
For those graduation Seniors or lib.
stated underclnssmen who area't interested in graduate school, “establish
ment” jobs, or government notification
programs, but are interested in social
change and survival, word has come
{mm a group of those constitutional,
change-oriented california breaks about
how to do it.
A Catalog called “locations for Social
Change,” published monthly by a group
of people living together in Canyon,
valid via, contains listings of work pos<
facilities with “movement" —— type
groups of all kinds across the country.
The California group expenses no
specsﬁc philosophy of social change, but
provides descriptions of employment op
communities with groups whose philips<
pages cover a broad range of thought and
theology, As stated in the catalog, “We
do not want to become the General Hers
hey at the movement for social change,
“challenging" people into positions where
we feel they might be most effective.
We are trying to continue people that
they can have an impact on changing
society while earning a living and doing
work that fits their particular skills and
temperatures."
Most organizations can pay only sub<
distance salaries or else expect you to
find outside work for support. but the
locations for Social Change people
themselves are proof that this can be
done very successfully. The catalog others accounts of their own experiences,
bread recipes, advice on determining,
food stamp information and other important tips on how to maximize your mills<
may earnings and stay healthy. (“Sharing Income for Change" was the title
of one article.) The return comes with
learning how to implement your own
ideas about SDClal change, with learning
new ideas, with living and cooperation
with groups of people and other important rewards to the spirit.
Specific job opportunities range from
teaching in free form elementary schools,
to lives and working on a comments
farm, to controlling runaways, or setting
up and printing movement papers. For
example, Liberty House (Poor People’s
Corporation) in Jackson, Miss,, “established to provide jobs through hand-craft
corporations for poor people in Missis—
Sippl,” needs people, publicity and sales
promotion, and a purchasing agent at
salaries of $120 (plus) per month. Twin
Oaks, 3 garden Two type community in
louise. Virginia, outcomes new members. The diversity in opportunities,
 
Ii’s
THE VARSITY
NEWSSTAND
FOR
SMOKES,
SNACKS,
BOOKS.
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
263-43“ 923 Broad
 
BOOTS
Texas and Justin Western Styles
Dress and Ilil
Priced
From
y Styles
31895 .. ‘48“
ARNOLD’S SHOES
Your Bool‘ Headquarters
803 4th Ave.
 
SPECIAL
THIS WEEK!
AND THE NEXT. AND THE NEXT, AND THE NEXT
OUR PIIZA IS ALWAYS SPECIAL. TRY IT SOMETIME. YOUR
PLACE 0R OURST
AMRVANO'S PIZZA
Tom 8: betty Gui-jason
style! of living, and forms of survival
within each organization are great.
Copies of the Catalog are in the Place«
ment office, located in the basement of
nursing, and in Conference House lounge
for your reading pleasure. Besides providing information about specific opportunities, you might find some ideas for
organization and work you would want
to implement yourself wherever you
live. You don't have to choose the but<
eaucracy anymore,
JD'S RESTAURANT
922v. Main
font . Sat. 5 to in p.m.
Sunday — Noon to to pin.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 235-3779
E. l. lenses, 0.”.
OPTOM ETRIST
rural! from Post Office
closed I'll-us. RM.
and SM. PM.
end", group 1. my
NOTIGE
Application Forms for ACM Central
American Field ngmm are now available. Those interested in discussing next
year's program can meet with wrote5<
501‘ Voertman in ARH 11 at 9:00 p.111,
Monday. Fell. ll).
 
 
e'
Win Her
years With
Flowers
From
ELLA'S
823 EROAD
236-5775
FREE DELIVERY
miami Thinking
Camping!
SPRING IS
ON THE WAY
2 Sizes in cooler:
And
All Coleman
camp Supplies
and Equipment
story's Gulf
Station
 
OUR SPRING SHIPMENT 0F
CANVAS SHOES FOR MEN AND WOMEN
HAS ARRIVED
Shop Now & Save At
Palmer's
”wars FIRST ouAuI'v
 
BALLET FOLKLORICO OF MEXICO
COM PANY OF 75
Directed and choreographed by italia Hernandez
KRNT THEATER —-- DES MOINES
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 19 AT 5:30 PM.
tickets: $5.5“. $4.5". $3.50. 52.5!)
surplus: Iowa winners or in. Alliance.
Mexico - u.s,A. — Vueuiun - Iowa
WANT 1'0 607 —- CALL FRED MuvsoN. EXT. 451. or
PAUL TUCHMAN. Ext. :54
 
Friday. February 7. m9
) Playboy
(Continued from Page 1)
young men are no longer interested in young women clothes or
unclothed. . .
5&3 — But it's not nudity in
a healthy sense; you go over
them five hours with makeup,
an interior generator speeds a
day on the room and tllcll you
go over the relatives with an
airbrush to remove blemishes!
Playboy — We don’t spend
quite that much time. . .
5&8 — Besides you have a
breast and ass fetish that makes
for some strange posts,
Playboy s As for the memory
fetish, Since Hefner is the final
arbitrator on who becomes a
ultimate — that’s his bag.
5&3 — All right, would you
say that Playboy has been a
leader in the “revolution in for—
his" or has it merely kept pace
with this narrative phenomenon?
Playboy — First and more
most, we are a business, we
are in business to make money,
we can also spend money on
worthy causes. We have helped
pay man expenses for abortion
cases and have supported sex
education programs.
5&3 —— Every big business
does that. Could you tell me
how much Playboy donated to
social causes?
Playboy —- About two million
dollars.
8&3 — That’s continuing on
proﬁt inn‘t it? How much do
you make a year?
Playboy — Approximately 51/2
million dollars.
5&8 — will Playboy go into
political causes more deeply?
Playboy — We don't want to
go snowboard on any one thing.
5&3 ~ I’ve noticed that Playboy has had only one Black ultimate, and recently you ran a
victorian article on Barbara Mc—
hair in which her color was
lightning considerable more
than it is in actualityi Was that
indicating of policy?
Playboy -— No, we just can't
ﬁnd Black girls who want to
model [or us. Incidentally, the
issue that contained the Black
laid-out said very well in the
south,
paris — Another complaint 1
have is that Playboy has kept
up with the revolution in models
only [0 a point. You have offered nu ethical solutions, For
france what about respondent
its?
Playboy H The man must
take predictions We have
never allocated irresponsible
tree-love.
5&3 ‘ Okay, you mentioned
the physical problems, what
about the emotional repercussions?
Playboy H Sure, a girl may
be willing 'go to bed alter too
many drinks, only to later be
faced with an emotional fri5ls.
5&3 — What about respect?
Playboy — That has to be
there.
GthNEtl
i'lthtitl. (E liliElt
808 5th Ave.
236-4384
236-4675
Gray M alter
By BILL GRAY
In IM basketball this year,
most of the talent seems to have
contributed in the “A" leather
Scoring has not been at a very
rapid clip due to the fact that
most oi the teams play a slow
batteries offense, work for the
good shot and consider it a moral victory ii a shot goes within
5' ol the basket, After having
talked to many of the players, 1
ﬁnd that their favorite strategy
is to us the slow-down, fast»
break with an occasional hack
to keep the other team on its
does.
Perhaps the highlight of the
SCARLET AND BLACK
season has been the emergency
of a team made up of over—age,
over - educated athletes known
respectively as the faculty. You’d
be surprised how hard it is to
make a jump shot when Mr.
harley shorts at you that it
can't go in because it would via—
late the paradox oi reno or
when Mr. norton tells you that
there is really nothing wrong
with getting a “C” in one or your
mom courses.
Some people still have trouble
understanding how l.M. sports
can he reached to With such enthusiasm. I merely reach you to
the social calendar for this weekEnd and ask Whether it looks
like something you should save
up your energy for?
 
v
1. Making out our
laundry list;
Writing r poem
:1 That's browsing.
What about: "A aug of
wine, n long of times.
And latin, syria.
beside
Listen. “How do I audience, syria, let me
count the ways...”
w
is")
"//’/'/i ‘
41mm 0mm klmyyim.
Then how nm I going
to show syria how
much 1 care?
5. \ali don't you See it you can
law one of those grant jobs
available is offering.
The work is fascinating, the
any goat], and the
op communities unlimited.
All or which means your
be able to take care oi a
wire, to my within of
kids. extremely we 1.
"o, my
milan-in is like
I red, red rose. i.
Male on appointment through your Placement october to see available'i
employment representative on Feb. 18, IN? 0| write: Lionel M. Stevens.
Manager, topic-go Employment.
Fé
EQUlT/iotr
'via Equltnhlc Lil» Ann nav locally or Illc United again:
128: Aicnnu or t
mi, New run. n... York iooio
An noon Opyariwilly L'nlpiomzr, lit/s
0 Equluhlc labs
Page Seven
WWW
Kl‘alISik, Wedding
Go For Pioneer Title
Grinnell's travelers extended
their unbeaten conference rec<
old to live matches as they detected Knox 24-15 and were
deadluckcd by plymouth All
in last Saturday’s multiple dual
meet here at Grinnell.
Don Kraitsik and Bill Wedding also sustained unblemished
marks of on and on respective
1y. Scoring was as follows:
GrlnnclHKnox
115~No march.
m—non McDougal (Kt signed
Mike Kawahara, til
ion—lock licenseﬂ (G) signed
Eric Twachiman.
137—Fred kccucrman (K7 over
John anderson by but decision
MS—Mason KllpPel toy tied
Mark Goudwillie, lo-lo
l52~Boh L982“ (6) bed florence Echols, H
lﬁDﬁphil screening (K) over Ted
click by 572 decision
1677M“ wedding by perfect
i77—D0n Kraitslk by correct
dsl—srcvc l-lutcmngs by norfolk
er— No lunch
Grlnnell-plymouth
“5— No Match
i2 ~Rick madison (My
Mike anahan, leu
l30—John White M) om Joel
Rlckmln by 9-3 decision
l37—Cliarles Caulklns over John
anderson by [0-7. decision
cfr—Mason thick by in de—
union
)SZ—Boh rental by (orfeit
16 Ted click by lorlclt
ali7—Btil Wedding (6)
George wilson by default
l77 —— Don Kmilslk to) over chuck
movie by H section
lot—Gary Supp (M) by content
Hwtm truck similar signed Steve
Htltchlngs, us
signed
over
The Grinnell matter will
carry a 4-3-1 season record to
Mt. Vernon Saturday where
they’ll lace Cornell and sub“qlle in a multiple-dual meet.
Coach Kimbro's charges will
have their work output against
heavily ignored Cornell and a
tough Dubuque team. Cornell
has called the Midwest Con.
defence crown 24 0f the last 27
years. Dubuquc is one of the
stainless teams in the Iowa
Conference.
Pioneer papers Face
N0. 1 St. Olaf Tonight
Tonight the Pioneers take on
Number one St. Olaf, 11.1 in the
midwest conference. Second
place Carleton rolls into town tomorrow While plymouth will
visit party on Tuesday, closing
out a sixrgame home stand.
Tom Lower will probably re
gain the starting birth he held
earlier in the season, powers indicated. The senior forward
Came off the bench to ram in
22 points against Florida Presbyterian.
Terry followed’s 44 points
gave him 189 in 12 games [or a
15.3 average. Scott l-london, who
was right hchlltd with 43 weekend tllllles, boosts a 14.5 average
on 163 markers in ll aulillgs.
Henry vintage IS also hitting in
double figures With a 10.7 over
age for 12 games.
In early season road games,
the Pioneers lost all plymouth
98779, St, Olnl 94431, and cartoon
76‘66.
Under-Rated cross
Make ll’t‘l Title Bill
The processors ran their IM
mark to 31 as they hlitzed
barnes Sunday night, winning
the ”A” game 48731 and the
“B" contest 4217. The happens
barnes dependent played bali<
entry, but they were clearly
sustained.
The cross jubilant coach,
Terry Parssinen, cluster with
victory, enterprises the team at
the Longhorn arm the game.
Parssinen seemed somewhat
gathered by the “A" team’s
floppy play, but trained the
“B" squad eirusively. He also
threatened some player
changes it the “A" squad does
not “shape up." “Winners never
quit," Parsslnen Said, "and
quarters never win."
Attendance was again spouse,
though it was better. The cross,
disregarded by the experts in
the pre-season polish now look
like they may he a continued
for the title.
W
Swim Team
Results
The Grinnell swimming team
detected Beloit and Lawrence
in dual meets over the weekend. Last season Lawrence was
Midwest Conference swimming
champion.
Next week Grinnell computer
in dual meets at Carleton and
St. Olaf.
results Grinnell so, Belolx 37.
January 3i, logo
40h MEDLEY RELAY: l. Grinncll
(Williams, meyer, sale, gordon)
4.05.)
zoo more i. McBlaIn (G) lots.
2. Thompson (B): a. soccer real
so rare. i. nolnns (G) irc; 2.
Brown ((37: a. Bond (3)
iso morvrounc MEDLEY 1.
szcr (5) no.5: 2. turkish
to), a. Dale (G)
DIVING l thlich to) sun,
2. one; to} 20m; fl Nnoilan
(at 154 155
2nd uu-royalty: wnnmns to)
min, 2. Bellln (B): 3, Dale 467
mu nice i. collins t6) 5l
Gordon ((3). 3. Dana lB)
zoo BACKSTROKE: l. Mnnmllg
on 2:222; 2, seekers to). a.
Swncklmmcr to)
and FREE: 1. [domain (G) 5:46 o.
2. Thompson to :. larger (57
zoo BREASTSTROK i. turkish
tel 135.0, 2, element (G). 3.
Gordon (G)
AOD june RELAY' i, Eeloit (Lnr
Hahn, union, Thompson, boom
was
ursqus Grinncll 5]. Lawrence
44. February i, into
too MEDLEY may: i. Grinnell
(\williams, Mcycr. collins, for»
don) 1.03.6
2oo FREE: i Gllinn a.) ma 2,» 2,
McBlnIlI (a): a. montreal (L7
so knee: l. collins to) 25m; 2.
graham in: a. Brown (G)
160 lNDlVlDUAL MEDLEY: 1.
Meyer (at 142.4 (new Crinnell
record; old record set by Steve
Hollzc, list; 2. Mttcileﬂ (L).
d. \Vllllallls (c)
DIVING l Frolillch to» NIH:
2, \v‘ not it), 3 Graham to)
2m currently, l, sneenrou it:
~ , Dale (G), a. Slasllv lLi
collins (G) are, 2
Graham it
zoo uicxstnozi: l. Mitchell (1)
.v leu, 2 Williams (C). .5
Swnckunlitcr (C!
no nice i. connect (L) 5.“ I:
\‘lclilulll (G), i. wichita ti
zoo BREASTSTROi
(G) :50 v 5m:
Alcxilnrlct’ ii.)
«to run; RELAY: it
(villas, Grnltnm,
Mncncu) no.5
 
Lawrence
scecni od,
 
Page sight
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
y civilization
Continued from Page 4, Column 5
large increase in the number of men
who refuse to register or who turn in
their draft Cards. (5) There were reports
ed calls for an amnesty for all those who
have turned in their draft cards and
gone to prison, all those in the armed
forces who have refused to fight and.
have gone to military persons, and all
those who have reserved to Sweden rather than remain in the armed forces.
Action? Two things were done
which I guess could be called action.
One afternoon We all regulated over
to the flush and heart'run Senate
and House offices and spoke to our
respective compression. personally
i was, not surprisingly, frustrated.
i saw Sen. Miller and my “genre.
sensitive” from the district in New
York state in which I live. and both
were equally innocent of conditions
in the developing nations and apparently involving to think over any
opposite views. However others did
have some success, and those people who visited Sen. Hughes were
very impressed with his specially
concern commission and understand
log. Overall I would say there was
some effect, but my typical nature
toward Congress as a whole forces
me to add “very little and very tel<
porarily."
The other action, which I felt to be
more important and personally rewards
ing, was a march to the Justice report
ment steps, led by Mrs. King and Mr.
cotton, at which place Mrs. King spoke.
it was a moving and answering service,
but I have no idea what effect it had
on the government minds. Perhaps it
this action helped to give the people the
strength to work at the revolution upon
returning home, then it was a success.
 
Pills,
Pills, ,
Pills
Now Thai We Have
Your A+men+ionr
Why Noi' See Us
For Your Rx's.
Phoi'og Supplies. Cosme’pics
AND
sales’line panties 8t Cards!
MATTHEW DRUGS
 
LET'S HAVE
SUNDAY BREAKFAST
AT THE LONGHORN!
Now Open Sundays Iromfl a.m. Till 2 pm.
FOR YOUR DINING PLEASURE
TOM'S IONGHORM
FINE FOOD IN A FRIENDLY WESTERN ATMOSPHERE
devil Taylor predicted
Friday. February 7, I957
Uncompromising Arlisl Presents New Jazz
By GARY GIDDENS
devil Taylor, spanish, composer, poet,
and allramund musical guru for the jazz
advance guard, will he on campus February 6, 7, 8. Leonard weather has wait<
ten of him, “The freedom, complexity,
harmonic innovation and emotional compliance of Taylor’s playing have established him as one of the truly original
minds in American music . . Taylor‘s
fast and immediately structure lines, almost permission in their intensity, have
had a starring effect on the new horn
techniques of the 60's . . A lack of acceptance by some musicians and critics
and carefully subsequent opportunities to
record, have kept Taylor‘s reputation and
following limited to a small but devoted
group of adapters"
That's not the half of it, Taylor has
been screens royalty by club owners
who were more interested in selling
drinks then providing a free rain for ar<
tlstic expression, Record companies have
used him for a tax loss and don’t bother to distribute. in this, Taylor Is not
unique. 0n the contrary, there are very
few—jazz musicians who have not suffered under a similar strain of capitalism. The new jazz is the battery child
of American music: it can't make it
on a popular music level and it is not
accepted by the classical editions. Taylor,
however, is an uncompromising artist
who puts his craft first and refused to
kiss the asset of the money training
critics and ministers who control the
(gasp) “music business." Unfortunately,
the payoff at times was one major gig
a year supplemental by working at
Macy‘s ln the afterwards
And now‘twelve years after his first
major date in New York — the critics and
the public who customized him as being a
charlotte and anti-jazz are coming
around devil Taylor is a virtuoso playing
who unlike many of his operators—some
of whom are better known than he—can
express on the keys what‘s happening in
his head. And that's what jazz is about
—expression and communication. This
dress't mean that he is any more ac»
center by the public. Last August, he
described as to whether he would ever
record again. Those who have heard him,
know that if ln a hundred years some
victorian asks whether people in the
20th century could communicate, devil
and some other musician like him will
serve as one at the new informative answers.
Previously our ideas of time and space
have been related in favor of a called<
tlve sound operating from individual
musicians surrendering their individuality to a group feeling This music is not
intended for background music; it is a
total music.
During their stay here, the devil Taylor Unit Will be available to the entire
campus for discussion, etc, Thursday at
4:00 p.m. there will be a lecture-discuss
soon. Friday at 8:00 pm. there will be a
drum workshop and at 10:30 pm. a
poetry reading by Taylor, All of these
events will be in the South Lounge. The
concert is in Roberts, Saturday night at
8:00 p.m.
Open up your mind and give them some
of your time. They're worth listening to.
passport and
Graduation Photos
SUMNER
photography
"The finest- in Studio Photos
graphs from ills usual to the
unusual."
808 Commercial
236-5578
 
See
Our
TUMBLE TABLE!
SPORTSWEAR
REDUCED TO
NEW LOWER PRICES
counters 4th Ave. sessions, Inc.
GRINNELL‘S COMPLETE STYLE SHOP FOR WOMEN
SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY.
Store found
Noon 'TII 9 Mondaysl 9 'TII I Tuesday IIlru Saturday
ADDRESS HERE:
 
