THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
0".““18 ’8 .IE'IEVDS
HSH'I'IOO 'I’IEINNIHD
 
Val. LXXVI
crime“, Iowa, Friday,May 2, I969
No. 24
 
FLAG-FLIP MOPS, FLAP FOLLOWS
COLLEGE COMMUNITY
CONFERS 0N CRISIS
An estimated 200 persons, Including
name 25 faculty members and President
Glenn suggest, attended a ireewheeling
meeting in the South Lounge last hours»
day (Apr. 24) to discuss the inserted
ﬂag incident earlier in the day.
At the meeting’s outlet at ll) o'clock,
junior Tom Thomas read an explanation
statement, which was printed for the
processors by President suggest on url—
day.
Ted click then explained the day’s
events and three the meeting open to
comments from the crowd, Various
I:
A references regarding ﬂking the
college flag at half-last has been
scheduled for Monday. (See story on
Page 5).
2::
opinions regarding the ﬂag invention
were voices, many of them in the form
of emotional outbursts.
“Flying the flag inside-down is not
going to do a damn bit of good to save
the 30,000 men who have died in diet<
ham," argued senior Pat Kennedy “1
think it was ridiculous!"
Robert D. Grey, instructor in political
science, gave an impassioned criticism
oi “acts that needlessly attend people,
just because they can be totally submitted."
camping his arms in the air as he
spoke, Grey told the group, “I'm getting awiully tired of being asked to
support any symbolic not — whether
it's stainless or inserted ﬂage!”
Sophomore Jim Spell, who introduced
himself as a member at “the silent
majority,” deferred the processors and
concluded, “I‘m assumed I haven’t done
anything against the war."
Senior James W. Wheat, In. whose
father is an Air Force officer', rose to
concern the protest and say that he
had called the police when he saw the
inserted bag
”That damn piece of Cloth you're talking about means more to me than any
damn one of you!” Wheat shorter. “I
called the police and I’ll call them
again tomorrow if the ﬂag is turned
upsidedownl"
“I called the police because I know
I have a bad member and other people
have a bad member," Wheat continued.
“If I hadn't called them there would
have been a damn big list fight,"
Wheat Said that when he first Called
the police station he was told to call
the means. ”When I Called Dean (5.
Eugene) Thompson, he told me to call
the police,” Wheat said.
“You can go and demonstrate all you
want by carrying placards and matching around, but keep your hands off the
flag because that’s my symbols" Wheat
explained as he left the room.
“The autonomy, independence and
power of such institutions as Grinltell
is important in lighting the structure
of society,” Said Professor Alan R.
Jones (History). “You have to be very
DISCUSSION—
(Continued Page 2, Column 1)
 
Students Meet President
logged‘t: "I Don't Approve "
Twenty students met with College
president Glenn suggest late Thursday
afternoon (Apr. 24) to discuss with him
*an incident earlier in the day during
which the American ﬂag was ﬂown inside down by students and then removed
by Grinnell Police Chief Bill meters.
The students who visited suggest were
led by sophomore J. Theodore (Ted)
click, who, with another student, had inserted the flag earlier as a protest to
the Vietnam War. Some of the students
sprawled barefoot on the targeted floor
ot the president’s oiilce as they explained the incident to suggest and asked for
his reaction.
“i guess 1 don’t approve at it,"
suggest told the students “I think
there are all sorts of ways to indicate
your feelings other than this. That’s
my moral judgment."
A student then asked suggest it he
tell the Vietnam War is moral.
“I’m tired oi the Vietnam War,"
suggest replied. “I wish we‘d get out
of it. If we don‘t get out of this war
soon the whole nation will be in
trouble. it already is in trouble,
“But that flag represents not only
the Vietnam War,” suggest continued.
“I lost 35 or my classified because
they deferred that flag by lighting a
country that killed 6 million Jews."
Earlier last Week click announced
that he would turn in his draft Card to
College Chaplain Dennis W, Haas in
service Chapel on May 1, a national
draft resistance day One of the students asked suggest to attend the rally
and speak in support of click's actions.
“I can't. do that because I'd be speaking for the whole college,” suggest said.
“I'm an agent of the trustees, the inc—
ulty, the students, the alumni. and the
whole college community. I try to rep
recent them all."
click asked suggest if he could take
a stand on the war by speaking at the
rally alter saying he was not represent
ing the college.
“msn't it possible {or me to personally
advice your Courage without agreeing
LEGGETT—
(Continued Page 3. Column 4)
COPS ON CAMPUS
COP COLLEGE COLORS
A major controversy trusted on cam<
put last weekend when two students inserted the American flag on central
campus to protest the Vietnam War and
police came to Campus and removed the
flag.
The flag was turned upsiderdown and
ﬂown at half-last at around 2:45 Thursday afternoon (April 24L Sophomore J.
Theodore (Ted) click said that he inserted the flag with the help of sophomore neither er Gordon as a protest to
the Vietnam War,
The inserted flag is an international
symbol or mistress most frequently used
by ships in danger. click said in a statement released Friday that ”the invention
indicates the truly international mistress
or a nation that briefly continues its
course in Vietnam and boards Of all at-
ﬂsent society while millions suffer.”
Gordon, in a letter to the 5&3, Called
E
College Goes to Town
An estimated 250 students, resident
advisors, and faculty members took their
views on the flag incident and the Vietnam War to residents or Grinnell last
weekend.
Some of the members or the College
community approaches Grillnellians on
downtown Streets, while others went doorto-door to discuss the issues.
The effort to communicate directly
with residents or the town was suggested
by college Chaplain Dennis Haas during
a discussion in South Lounge on Thursday night.
Several students reported incidents or
harassment while they contained. Sophomore honda R. Lamberth Said that one
man in a business suit spot in her face
when she tried to talk with him.
Sophomore Henry C, Scheit said that
a pickup truck started and nearly in:
him, sophomore Mark pass, and resident
advisors Dennis Donham and Tom serve,
as they were crossing a street
Many students said they had difficulty
communication with town residents who
were attended by the ﬂag incident and
other recent projects on campus. Others
said that some Grinnellians were Willing
to talk with them,
::
his action “an expensive reaction meant
with a more antagonistic rather than
construction notices”
Shortly after the flag was inserted, A
crowd ot about so persons gathered
around the flag pole. Several student:
and faculty members argued that GliClx'
should put the flag balls the way he
found it. Others deferred his action.
Junior Roger joe and sophomore Scott
canyon appeared at the scene and tried
to turn the ﬂag right-side up. Senior Albert Cloud presented them from doing
so by training the rope, a witness told
the SM}. A heated argument followed.
“We almost asked it out,” a supported
of Click said.
after about twenty minutes Grinnell
Police Clllei Bill meters appeared at the
cars—
(Continued Page 3, Column 2)
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
“Jubilail'on T.’ dressed
Prof projects protected! hole
GRINNELL POLICE CHIEF BILL PETERS stopped onto campus April 24
and removed an American ﬂag that had been inserted by anti-war processors.
PETERS: “Don't
bread On Me"
”Don’t treat on me,” Grllinell Police
Chief Bill meters warned six Grinnell students who went to talk to him last Fri<
day morning about the inserted flag
Incident.
“When you turn that flag inside down,
you’re increasing upon my rights," meters Said. “You may he in mistress, but
that dress‘t mean this country is. who
in the hell are you to say it should be
flows inside down?”
On Thursday meters came on campus,
removed the inserted flag, and took it to
the police station. “when i went up there
:i wash’t looking for the guy who did it,"
meters Said. “I coupon't care less who
did ii. I was interested in the flag,”
“You were looking at me at my
aggressive worst,” meters told the students. "I’m a human being; I’m no god.”
meters said that he had “no complaints”
about student plans to go door-to-door in
Grinnell to talk about the war. “i
think personally this is a good way to
protest,” he said.
“You‘re looking at the king oi processors, here,” meters said. “l just do
it differently — 1 write letters and go to
mnventiolis."
"l’m not going to come down and shoot
you in the head because the ﬂage upsiderdowli," he explained. l‘I’m just say
log don't turn the flag upsidedown, and
don't [read on me,"
rt:
} Discussion
(Continued from Page I)
careful tacticaliy about reasoning institutions or higher education.”
“an!” calculated Senior Al cloudy “It
you think that Grinnell is an autonomaus institution -— wow. I'm ingredients!”
Cloud Continued: “if you think Grin»
hell is existing outside the militaryindustrial complex and business and
blah, blah — it's a bunch oi garbage!"
At midnight President suggest came
to the Forum to keep it open past closing time. He told the students that “by
turning the ﬂag inside down you may
be involving the whole community”
suggest characterized typical symbolic protest at Grinnell as consistent,
creative, and not involving innocent hystanders,
Before the discussion ended at 3
o’clock, seniors Dim Cheiietz and
Cloud launched into long pirates Ci'its<
living various aspects oi principal, Including physical education requirements, senior comprehensives, austria-
[sons on student use at buildings, B&G
wages, and the general attitudes of processors and students at the college.
;_._—_—_—:__—z
OUTSIDE AGITATOR
PACKS PISTOL
A man who was allegedly carrying a
gun showed up at the ilagpole last Ft‘iday afternoon and reportedly attempted
to provide a disturbance.
Ted click said that the man, around
55, took off his glasses and tried to
trust him into a fight because he had in»
vertex the ﬂag on Thursday,
When Grinnell photographer Krystyna
german shipped a photograph or him,
the man granted at her camera and
threatened that she had better not publish the picture, Witnesses said.
Senior Bruce Armstrong told the 5&3,
“I’m pretty sure he had a resolved and
I could smell chicken on his breath.”
Armstrong said that the man let him {tel
a judge under his shoulder (the gun
supposedly.) Armstrong quoted the man
as saying, "Nobody will get to the ﬂag—
at least the first six won’t.”
President suggest said that he phones
Chief meters when junior Tom Thomas
called him and told him about the incident, and told Thomas to have students
stay away from the man.
suggest heat meters to the scene. He
said he introduced himself to the man
and asked him it he was carrying a gun.
suggest said that the man replied that
he was, but that he also had registration
papers for it.
“I told him that wash’t the point and
asked him to leave,” suggest said. The
man then walked all, according to Log
gets.
Miss german told the 5&3 that she
has talked with meters and Poweshiek
County attorney Michael which about
the incident, and that she is Considering
pressing charges
about the flag iiicidehi at a meet
South Lounge last Thursday n:
suggest kept the Forum open until 3
A. . to allow the discussion to CD“title past closing time
By A STAFF WRITER
Following a brief series of antirwar
speeches last Friday afternoon, a pig
non sitting stop the kitty-look ﬂagpole
on central campus would have seen
tour students and a single professor
crossing the narrow concrete base.
The base or the pole is three test in
diameter and projects two feet all the
ground. On it were Al cloud and Bon—
rise winter — two seniors who were
wasﬁng to insert the flag after freshman Steve manchester and senior
Bruce Armstrong, standing next to
them, had straightened it up and known
it right. Also on base was Associate
Professor John M prospect, Jr.. Classics. _
Cloud and Miss winter. however, never
did reverse the king. They described
{mm the base and joined the estimated
25!] onlookers. So did Armstrong and
manchester.
But when the pigeon looked back
down he saw that John prospect, alone,
had become the population T. compute
of Grinnell,
The Classics professor stood his
narrow ground and took hold of the flags
halyards. He was to remain on the
base for over two hours, to be replaced
in his civil later by students Asked nu<
versus times it he was guardian the
ﬂag from those who would turn it upsidedown, prospect would make no statementat all.
Students changed guard in shirts over
the ﬂag until it was taken down at sum
set by 3&0 men. Saturday at 5:45
hm. prospect returned to the flagpole,
presumably to check on the state of
the flag.
l'le found, he said, that the halyards had
been Cut during the night and the {offerings removed so that the ﬂag could
not be raised. Crossctt required the
rope and again put the flag rightrside<
up and at mail-last
Max Jones, general coleman of the
physical plant, said Wednesday that
the roses had been cut on two separate occasions since Friday. He said it
costs $7.50 to repair the roses each
time they are several.
Tuesday morning early rivers could
tee a red-white-andrblue transfers flashing in the freeze. It was taken down,
as a navy blue sweatshirt had been
the precision Thursday. In time afternoon, prospect sat on the base talking
with students.
1
prospect, who by this time had become
a campus handmade, would make no
statement concerning the flag incident
itself, but he would talk about. other
things,
He told the 5&3 he had served for a
short time with the US, Cavalry during the second world war; he was at
Fort wiley, want
“When I received my renewable discharge,” he music, “the Army told me
not to come back even it we were invited.”
In 1945 prospect served as the editorlnchief of the Columbia University
newspaper, The Spectator He was also
co-editor of the Columbia center Re-
a
I
JOHN Mr CROSSE'IT, JR.
View with Allan Ginsberg until, prospect said he posted the beat poet “be
cause he never did a damn thing and
1 was tired of keeping his name on the
masthead.”
Wednesday morning, according to
foreign Jones, BXLG tried thing the
roses about ten meet up on the ﬂagpole
in hopes that no one would be able to
alter, mail, reverse, or turtliei- change
the ﬂag. This would also, Jones said,
prevent other things from flying _.
possibly persons and brassicres.
The result: an italian national ﬂag
raised by Ron stanford flow over the
Grinncll campus Wednesday night.
BULLETIN! Someone created the flag
pole Thursday!
 
click Comments
By TED GLICK
If one wishes to understand Why i inserted the American flag and flow it
inside down — an international Sign of
mistress 7 I would suggest he follow
these steps:
(1)Lie down an the green grass in
the center of the campus with a group
or friends on a beautiful spring day.
(2) Imagine iragnieiitation boobs and
napalm raising down on the people
walking around the campus from a
specially invisible source — perhaps
from experience you would know that
the source is an American plane flying
30,000 (set above you.
(3) Think oi your friends lying dead,
motivated, or covered with napalm,
streaming in painful and ten-trying
along — then ask why this could ever
be multiﬁed, especially at the hands
ol' a “Civil nil" nzitiolir
(4) And if this is list enough, think of
the many other institutionalized clinics
helped upon millions oi people around
the world by this ”civilized" nation in
on blog Action
the name oi democracy, justice, and
freedom.
If you follow these steps you may
come to realize the emotional comment
r will underlying at the time or my ac-
tion, an emotional comment brought
about by the intellectual and rational
Search for the truth about this cmintn'
I have been engaged in for nearly two
years. i took this action only after receiving the true mistress this naﬁon is in
when it for-gets the principles upon
which it was founded and for which
the iiag should stand.
I hope that those who were, under.
standards, turned on by my action have
begun to come to some replication ot
the reasons for the action I cannon
argue the wisdom of an end to the War
in this article, but I can ask that those
who feel some anger toward i-ne for my
action will attempt l0 tools more closely
into the conditions in this country which
made such an action, 1 reel, necessary.
ii only that comes out or the “ﬂagpole
incident,” I Will be satisfied and
gl’ﬂtitled.
 
Friday, May 2. "6'
By KEN HICKS
As it mmed out, last Friday’s communication courage wash’t even there-
music for its participants, which is too
ad, because it there is anything principle needs it’s a thorough financing and
flashing out of the referral portions of
its student body,
The petition to insert the flag had been
calculated. That was groove. You speak
but in any way you call, right? Then the
flag flying dramatically upsidedown, and
that was groove too. Somebody hadn't
had anything to do on a nice afternoon,
ﬁnd he'd turned it over. Fine. And then
watching the tratjock boys come to
raise the thing right by God and all else
what is dear. documentation! Just like TVl
Gooi. And to top it all off, oops on campus. Boopigsgobomdtheilapbelongsmthe
people. Out; of sight! it real happeningl
The only problem was, you see, that
even for the people who stood around
the pole for so minutes selling at each
they, it was a game. it it hadn’t been
‘use another little intellectual exercise,
e worlds't have just stood there talkiiig. We would have moved like Chief
meters, or moved like the jerk With the
gun, or moved like the people i met
downtown, or moved somehow. I’m trying to say nobody tllere took the thing
seriously, even if we thought we did, For
us, it was just a mental workout.
We should have taken a him from Chief
metals. Mall, that guy was mad. But no,
we just changed it up to his being a cop,
and we said, “see, won‘t you talk to uS
about our symbolic intent," and we got
mad when he didn't give a damn what
our somalia intent was. That should
have told us something about the mood of
the town, right? Sure.
To be honest, I talked to two people
at the Home Show. This is two out of
perhaps forty attempts, With them, i
tried to eiipl in what the students who'd
committed t s sacrifice were trying to
say by 't nd wash't this attempt at
oommurllcattun great? And they said
yes, that's line, but don’t screw around
with the (law, because then you just turn
everybody off. Which was the case of
course.
But th were only the two people who
would talk to me. There was also the
lady who selected herself against me by
ﬂfiling her arms in my direction, and
missed, ”Keep away from me, you just
keep away from men” And another lady,
with the file in her eyes I saw all afternoon: “I hope you students don’t think
you can whitewash the Grinnell people—
I hope you like the lesbians!”
It dress't make much sense, does it?
They’re not being very rational, are
they? No, But in another way, a less
referral way, it makes perfect sense,
and the violence of their reactions was to
be expected. The interesting thing is
KEN HICKS was one or many students
who talked to townspeople last Friday.
SCARLET AND IL'ACK
tricks: “Nobody Took It Seriously"
that we, with all our intellectual prior
rss, coupon’t predict it. Why not?
Just like the Playboy incident, even
more so, we found it impossible to automatically judge the effects our actions
would have on the real people in the
real world outside. To us, a body can be
simply. effectively, beautiful. a day
can be simply, effectively, a piece or
cloth. Our integrated liberal arts experience has not taught us that to real
people these things are tied up in the
shame of the daughter who had to get
married and the brief over the son killed
in Korea.
To strip, to insert a ﬂag; i.e., to attack these things which are Such a basin
part of the personal identity at so many
people, is to create authorities which
cannon be solved by an aftemoon‘s real—
let campaign. These people left threatened in every little corner of their being.
and it's amazing that we coupon’t see this
would happen, amazing that we thought
we could actually talk to these people,
I thought Grinneii was supposed to
prepare us for the outside world, not im<
munich us to it. The only people we could
talk to were those we didn't need to
talk to, and the ones we should have
talked to were the ones we coupon't talk
to. That might be something to think
about, next time we turn over a flag.
Z:
} tops
(Continued from Page 1)
scene, accompanied by Pdwesiliek County Sheriff Wayne harrison and another
performed officer of the Grinnell Police
Department. None of the officers was
wearing a gun.
meters stroke through the crowd, powered the king, crumpled it under his aim,
and carried it away over the loud patents of Click and other students.
One student shorter: “You can’t take
that flag! It’s the American flag, and
we’re Americans, too "
“Are you? I doubt it!" meters respond—
ed shortly. “Maybe holiday when you
grow up you'll want a flag like this.
Folks are getting out of here all the
time, and I wish to hell you'd all leave,”
he shorter.
As meters walked away with the flag,
several students asked him to discuss
the meaning of the symbolic protest
with them. “Baldney! Don’t talk to me!"
meters told them.
meters told the 5&1} that he made no
artists because he ”didn't knew Who
did it." He added, “I’m going to take
the flag down to the station, fold it up.
and treat it the way it should be treated."
Shortly after meters left the campus.
an universities student raised another
American flag inside-down, holiday up
the ilagpole, The second flag was powered
and folder up after several minutes by
Mlss Mary Kay Taylor, an instructor
in biology.
About ten minutes later 30 students
walked to the police station to retrieve
the flag at the suggestion of freshman
Phil basics.
The students explained to meters that
the ﬂag was inserted as a symbol or
mistress over the Vietnam War.
“There is mistress up there (at the
College), but not the same way you and
I are thinking,” meters told them. ”Don't
take this ﬂag out and define it."
meters said that Section 32 of the
iowa Code providing flying the ﬂag inside down, except in cases ol mistress.
He returned the flag to the students
when they agreed to raise the flag riverside up. The students told meters that
they could not be responsible if tale flag
was inserted again by other students
once it was raised.
The students then walked to President
suggest’s office in nursing Library to
discuss the flag incident with him.
Page Thru
med the college community at Friday
ailemoon’s anti-war rally. At right1 Professor Ray norton watched the pro.
meetings.
 
Sieinhorn: “We Got What We reserved"
By RON STEINHORN
"It’d be a good thing for this town if
the college would just get. the hell outl”
This type of reaction and others even
more plant created some of us who went
out into the somewhat hosting world of
Grinllell on Friday to talk about the inside-down American flag and the war —
ill that order usually.
It's an amazing thing to see what that
flag evokes in some people; the closest
anatomy might be having a red flag in
front or an engaged buiiiyou can’t reason with either of them. Even “rational
discounts" dress’t work. But, anyway,
we went to talk about the war, and it was
very hard to talk about because people
were much more interested in talking
about what a yesterday thing it was to
put a flag (THE flag) inside-down in
such a disrespectful fashion.
One man said he had fought for the
flag in WW II and had seen many of his
studies killed for it, one woman had had
three sons in the service who had fought
for the flag, one's son had been killed
in the Army in Korea for the ring, still
altotller’s boy was even now in the Army
in Vietnam lighting for the flag. Always fighting and dying and being injured, and always for the flag. Never for
the always unfulfilled promise which that
bag supposedly symbolizes.
So people would watch on to the flag
issue and demand that Ted click get
hung up himself, be picked out of school,
or sent to jail # or all three prelerably.
Then, having suspended in talking about
the war and still having someone to talk
to — three people walked out on me —
another entire set of reactions could be
seen.
The general tone was that the United
States has to be in Vietnam because bus»
via and China are all set to attack us
and by booking Vietnam to pieces we're
showing what Russia and China can eX<
pest if they try to mess over us. One
man even spoke of an anti-v.5. alliance
between France, Germany, and italy
which is all set to move as soon as we
appear vulnerable.
Another reaction was that simon was a
good, smart man who understood things
so Well [ha/t if he felt we should continue
to fight, well then ._. we should fight.
Stock responses or having to tight communist again in another place it we
didn't here, and the coming theory were
so numerous they are not even worth
monitoring.
And so it went all afternoon. I walked
around the downtown streets for about
one and a half hours and then stood
in front of the Home Show for awhile.
It was obviously a real trial to be con—
printed with us like that, representing
those who had defined their Symbol,
functioning their beliefs, ultimately iorc<
ing them on the defensive; and those of
us who expected that it might be better,
easier, acid more regarding got when
we reserved.
Just one example supplied the whole
thing for me. When i finally got sick 0!
the inistradcn of talking on the streets.
sick at viewing what I thought might be
an removable change, i decided to go
over to the Rock Island depot and talk
With the guys there since I know the
men who run the station. When i walked
in, there were two operators who I
know pretty well and two sectionmen I
didn't know. The oil'st thing out of one
of the operators to me was, “Were you
one of them that turned the flag around
yesterday?” And train that moment I
was placed on the defensive along with
my values, having to justify why I
thought the war more important than the
flag; how could anyone ever million that,
why that was anatomy?!
i never really did get to talk about the
war, And that's how things went for me
on Friday. It was discouraging at the
time, but in retrospect, it was much as
could have been expected. I didn’t hear
or anyone being better up, that old
man who came on campus didn't shoot
anybody, and I was invited back to the
train station to play chess and talk anytime I felt like it.
z:
} Leggeii
(Continued from Page 1)
with what you're doing?" suggest re—
tried. ”I don’t Want to do it, it’s as
simple as that."
“Okay, that’s why the war continues,” click commented. He then
told the president: “1 sort of city you
that you can’t stand up for what you
think is right because you feel so
bound to the institution. You area‘t
free."
“I city myself sometimes," Leg<
gets responded. “i agree I‘m not free,
but. that's the job. You don’t respect
that; do you?"
“No, I don‘t," answered click.
The students complaints to suggest
that Chief meters had no right to com
on campus and take the flag.
“What I have with Chief meters is a
gentleman's understanding," suggest
said. “He calls me when he's coming
on campus and I call him and ask him
to Come when I think it's necessary."
suggest said, however, that meters
hadn’t called him about the flag inch<
sent until after he had come on campus
and taken the flag in response to a complaint phones to the police station by a
student.
Asked about the “gentleman's understanding" on Friday, meters said, “I
don’t have that. agreement with him '
He added, however, “i guess I'd call
the president before I hit anywhere on
campus."
Leggctt also told the students: “This
place msn’t. a sanctuary. ii an individual
Calls the police and tells them something illegal is happening, there's novels
ing I can do.”
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
 
talk of the town
by iredncka nelson
some expressions (mm the last two
weeks including “more and better t?)
politics ~ a follow up, grinnell style,
to kerry robin,” and some "reflections
on pets, america and life in general."
for lack or literary imagination resulting from overexertion on comprehensives, l have outlined my work for
today in the grand style oi college galleries. many other subjects could be de
scripts in this manner. a few are “the
care and leading ot baby cats, from
birth to the development of limited,"
“the problems of rediscovering tale
pastoral climate and style — economic
and social complications," and “the
development oi acute senioritis — perspectives on time-space disillusio .
merit." these describe various condo
tions of the inhabitants of 8271/2 broad
street at this point in time.
on politics:
events of the week past have pointed
out that there is a unique treasonable—
news about most grinnell students. i am
referring to our recent “demonstration” in the context of what has gone
before, and will most likely continue to
be a strong tradition in political action.
grinnell students have not reported to
violence yet. and i think their sense at
priorities will rule out this kind of ac»
tion. it this is the case, thanks are in
order from the administration and other
established figures or our community.
1969 — a year of radical demands
and means has not yet capitulatcd
grinnell — we have not bombed, turned or otherwise selected any tools ot
capitalism, neither have we engaged in
any violent documentation with our big<
ureheads for power, i‘random, or “revolution for the hell of it,"
whether we are to be concerned or
posted on the back is not important to
me. i think my yellow students might
agree that those moves are up to our
“opposition” or, to put it middle and
metaphorically, “to you, mr. j
as bob dylan says. we area’t much oi a
threat in any case, though it has been
stated that we are the harvard of the
midwest, we haven't related in a like
manner. also, we are not like those universities with their super-fitness and
complexity. our decisions and actions
may lay claim to more time out for
wondering (which seems desirable) or
they may serve as an indication that we
are actually rather like vegetables in an
age or steel, concrete and plastic punch
cards. pick whichever you will, only
realize how odd are our local politics.
let me remind you that change is one
charitable consequence of life, and revolution is a description term for that
.very same direct. this college will have
In change and it had better get on with it
test. there are numerous proposals ﬂout.
ing around which need the support of the
most local politicians among you, which
means: each of you out there.
student initiated courses
generated courses in all department!
The charles 81 Black
Student newspaper oi
Grinnell College,
Grinnell, Iowa
An independent newsMwﬂttum paper published weekly.
"ehcxcept during holidays
and examination periods,
g = by the french c
3% g initial on Student no i
a)” options Subscrlprio
mowrhsrdw rate soon per
year
. MICHAEL omunon
. SusAN KAnsER
business Manager bruce STROM
chair strain Andrews, based site.
demographic Dirty Funk.
Blll battery, inns viiiighn
xiiihy Bull well teacher,
k, ken picks, l<lt LederMolly acquire, Alice login,
Tom whom-s, nlch Wickslmm.
school
Edﬂot
Associate Editor
brokers .
reno
for your years
equal student-faculty representation
on all committees
increased living options
revision oi the sara contract —— to
fight. integration where it starts
. r to mention just a new.
students are not stickers oi responsibility, for witness the numbers of
them who have taken under tllelr wing
various small domestic animals. this
type oi plastic depends on us and we
measure up to their needs the mandate
effort ot caring for them holds good rewards like infection and royalty. allow
the pets to stay, and watch the people get
more capable and loving right along with
their parties or fitness.
if you don‘t like animals, search out
others of your kind and have a “due
man's only” directory.
on america:
locked in a t.vr tower, talking, with a
washing prince standing in a field or powers at the ground floor entrance, but
unable to get in the door, for the way is
blocked by a death oi funky products and
principles in concrete tom 7 candles
and candles and candles or junk, keeping
you ibm your salvation.
Where The Truth parts
By TOM THOMAS
How much does it really matter which
way the flag sales?
is anybody going to do anything about
homes?
is there any signsﬁdance in the look
that half the faculty seems to be going
through an identity cross
What exactly is John prospect trying
to prove?
Are all my friends really leaving?
what did the poverty conference accomplish?
Why is everybody unhappy?
Will Dari Cheiietz ever had true happiness?
Does smoking done really change anybody’s outlook on life?
Where are you. Jesus Christ, now that
we really need you?
Do student advisors do anything?
How many people here are sexually
hung up?
What's going to happen to Ted click?
Why wash't permalink cohen (SDS)
more human?
Why was Jerry robin so human?
How many people realize that one
day’s work, even by a whole 250 people,
inn’t gomg to end the war?
Do the people of Iowa really under—
stand Richard 'nn’new?
ls Grinneli going to be any different
next (all?
How much of an direct will one term
paper have on my lite?
is Henry Wilhelm some sort of a plot?‘
Can 1 really LOVE someone?
Who’s going to save the world — I
or them?
Am I on us or u them?
How many people from here will i
remember other l graduate?
why dress’t it at least Seem like
spring?
Am I going to have to sign any more
positions?
what’s going to be the next petition
that l’ll sign?
A lot or people are trying to win on the
issues — is anybody trying to solve
them?
Does student government exist in the
context of reality?
What is the real world going to do to
me?
Will anybody read this column this
far?
what will be on the flagpole tomorrow
morning?
Why does the truth have to hurt so
t he sun shine in!
LETTERS
Notes On questions
To the Editor:
1 would like to add a personal lootnote in holly calcium’s excellent katie
cle on abortion which appeared in last
week's 58:13. Some years ago while I
was a student nurse in a large teaching
hospital and later, working as a surgical
nurse, 1 saw a large number of young
women specialized by abortionists; on
one occasion 1 attended a girl who died
from massive hemorrhage before we
could wheel her to the operating room devastating prices to pay for a surgical
procedure which, when performed by a
competent physician in stories surroundings, carries virtually no lite or health
hazard. This nation’s attitude toward i1legitimate, plus its applicable lack or
consistent social consultancy, has led us
to foster thousands of abortionlsts who
operate outside the law, who, for the
most part, are without training and who,
in a real sense, despite surface kindness,
are washing in on human suffering. But
we must be careful when we blame only
the law, The medical profession is also
to blame for its too willingness to escape
such ”indicate decisions” by turning
them over to lawmakers. And most to
blame is our persistent attitude of basic
unconcern for social welfare.
Miss calcium integrated only unmarried women in their late teens or
early agencies This is not typical oi
the average woman seeking abortion. She
is in her late agencies or early theories,
is married, and has three or more children. It is estimated that two things oi
women seeking abortion tall roughly into
this category l-her mistress is more likely
economic; another child would be hard
to feed, hard to clothe. Her marriage is
more than likely rebound and her own
emotional state approaches criteria.
This woman and the unmarried woman
who fears the shame of pregnancy, discovery and intervention of college or or
a job, as well as the woman who tears
that she is carrying a reported child or
the victim of rape or incest — all of the
women who are actively seeking abortion
7 have strong personal reasons for doing so and are convinced that these reasons all certified.
What concerns me is simply how much
chance any woman now has, two or
three months into a delivery enhanced
pregnancy, of making what we would all
consider a Wellrreasoned decision, and of
exciting what could quite convertible
be serious psychological consequences
later on — often much, much later on.
Today no returned decision is possible
because there are no alternatives. Bearing an illegitimate child in shame and
secrets or meeting up with an abortionist in a country motel are simply not alternatives. The problem then is how we
can provide alternatives that take into
consideration the problems, the lite sit»
nation it you will, ot the woman seeking
abortion and still not adopt a various attitude toward any human like. it is
enough to say “this child would have
been better off not born," but for every
child with a arabic, enhanced childhood
who has grown up continually template
there has been another child with a trails, enhanced childhood who's human
spirit has been accurately realized, 1,
for one, Could not make such a decision
lighter,
it goes without saying that our present abortion laws are totally without regard for the individual rights and dig
city or anyone. They protect neither the
child nor the mother; they actively encourage experiences such as Miss calcium reported and tar more serious ones.
But I believe that it would be totally irresponsible to simply repeat such law:
without attending social legislation that
would provide for excellent counseling
for women seeking abortion, that would
provide for car more help for women who
Friday. May 2. not
choose to carry their children to term,
that would give greater aid to adoption
agencies, foster homes, etc And this in
to say nothing about the needs for power.
ty programs that would help families
not be destroyed by another child, more
mental health centers offering marriage
counseling and child guidance clinics.
and agencies that would take the water.
ials ot birth control out of the hands 0!
the drug companies and put them into
the hands oi the people.
i am certainly not against additions
There are many, many instances in
which it is the only possible solution 4
the physical or emotional danger to the
woman outweighs the rights at the unborn child. But i should like to know
that the woman has had every chance to
seek out alternatives and to make a mar
sure decision. And I believe it is a great
wrong when the decision to about must
be made because society, in its attitudes
and its practice, has failed again.
monetary Ingham
1126 Broad St.
Grimell, Iowa
Gordon Explains Flag Action
To the editors
I feel completed to correct the his<
connection that i had no part whatsoever in the flag invention episode and
that the act was one of a single student.
l originally wishes to certain from my
comment upon my act, feeling that it
was entirely seeﬂexplanation. However.
so many statements have been issued in
defense oi the act and as an enterprise.
tion of it, i teen 1 must make my reason:
for investing the flag much cleaner.
I would love to say here, as other:
have tried to assets, that the act was
done out of concern for my country.
Being honest, it would be more correct
to say that my act was an expensive re<
action, meant with a more antagonisliu
rather than construction mobile Never
did I expect the reaction that followed
many oi it—the clouds, sheet meters,
prospect, Wheat, the armed drunk
scoutn-master, the rationalizations. Nothing has brought out more or the worst
in Grinnell in my two years here, and 1
am glad my impulses have encountered
many of that facts We in Grinnell at best
can only be expensive and antagonistic.
My need was no more or no less noble,
courageous. or important than the burning or a draft card or the spelling or
blood on draft tiles. The real significance
of my act lies in the sick Symbol it
really did not need to device. The flag
stands for blood, the white race, and
our future—Red, White and Blue.
I welcome all others to follow diy
tootsteps. Experience your first invention
ebut don’t apologize and don’t expect
applause. Realize what you’re not doing.
cash and expensive needs such as
mine have a place in the thickness oi
Grinnell life as a sent for our corporations and nothing more. I ask that my
act not be forgiven or concerned, but
be forgotten —- left to the angels oi
Grinnell trial .
centres 1;. Gordon
Get the Ft: its
To the Editor:
I am writing in response to last week's
editorial ”Hillbilly is Overthrowii By
Queen oi the Mountain." You seemed to
have concluded humor with fact. There
have never been plans for ten men to
live in German House, as you stated in
your editorial. Next year there will be
six men llvmg out campus in a German
House. Perhaps it Would be well for you
to be sure oi information before you
print it in your paper.
Those of us who are interested in living in German House believe that it is a
start in “locking the boat” for computational and out-campus living situations.
Mary cameron
 
Friday. May 1. I969
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
projects Questioned
To the Edilnrl
“There is no correlation between in
telligence and judgment. A man can be
awfully smart, and be a screwball oi the
first order." That astonishing statement
is round in a book by dance Packard,
“The dynamic chambers." It really inn’t
so astonishing to tile older generation,
those who have often noted the optics of
“educated tools,” as a hometown christopher importantly plots it.
The purpose or this letter is hard to
explain. We clusters years over the ideal.
latin. impractical young; but feel wellness
to keep them from managing themselves
and our removed alma water, in their ill»
considered efforts to right someundoubtad wrong. Perhaps it they could be made
to feel less cocksure before taking cordless action, some good could result.
“Meaning well" is no excuse for harm«
fun action. Otherwise what good is Intelligence, of which the corporate Grinnell
student has an assurance?
Elsie H. Hansen ‘l9
Grimell, Ia.
homes Need Action
To the Editor:
Whatever happened to the comes proposal? Now that comes are over, one
may very well ask that question. But
just because comes are over, does that
mean that the issue ls dead. There are
many permanent questions yet to be
asked. What is the purpose oi a comprehensive? Are they relevant to a liberal
arts education? Do they add to a student's knowledge or help him evaluate
his work?
The original proposal for a change in
the structure of senior comprehensives
Is now on the agenda or the executive
council of the faculty. But the executive
council is very busy and the server over
homes has died down. There are two
weeks of classes left and the executive
council has never been known to make
a nasty decision. Are we willing to let
the issue die on the table?
There are many amended oi approach
for bringing the issue back to like. Bonnie
winter has chosen one way or demonstration the irrelevancy oi comprehenrives. But she is one person and issues
are not settled by the actions of one person, The major part oi the work remains
to be accomplished.
The present comp proposal was granted
in the alternate oi the first completed»
site period. Action now needs to be taken next fall to afford time (or careful
evaluation and clear thinking. The initiative must come {mm the students. Are
students willing to take the initiative?
Lilith norton
NEED SOMETHING? WE’RE BOUND
To HAVE ill Senior summary, junk,
clothes-out and bargain sale. Saturday,
May 3, 1.5 pm. 932 Park, basement to
3rd floor packed with stuff. Pannwitt,
'thomas, wallace; King, shall, Tripletl,
Elliott, Swee, stamp and pray.
Step Up To
JD‘S RESTAURANT
922% Main
Mon. - sat. 5 in lo phi.
Haas Helps Resist
College Chaplain Dennis W. Haas
suspected himself to possible proposition Thursday night by adding
in the draft card turn»in of sophomore .7. Theodore (Ted) click, who
could now be reclassified for induction, failed or lined.
Some 200 persons attended a
draft resistance rally in service
Chapel at which click gave his
dl‘ai’t card to Haas, who will mall
it to click’s drain board. click’s
draft card was passed through a
crowd or about 100 persons before
it reached Haas.
“I must raise my voice against
immorality and, more than that,
I must put my physical liberty
against (America’s) Sick pnllCles
as an indication or how discussed
I believe our society has become,”
click declared, reading from a letter to his draft board.
Explaining his cooperation with
click, Haas announced to the audience; “I’m billy aware that this
is illegal. For me it is a question
or immorality or Illegality. i choose
illegality.”
More than 150 Grinnell students
signed statements or complexity
with draft register‘s last week,
click told the 5&3. He also said
that two other students turned their
cards over to Haas Thursday, and
that a third student turned his
draft card after the rally.
 
IRREGULAR ACTS
BY SENATE
By TOM THOMAS
Questions of molecular procedure and
conflict of interest have been raised over
action taken by the Senate Monday night
Following last week's complaints about
the intervention process for finance committee chairman, the Senate met to interview all applicants for the position.
The applicants were Andrew grill, Michael larger, and David calendar.
During the interviews the meeting
was closed to students and the press.
This reporter rejected to the closed
meeting, rating the SGA Constitution that
all Senate meetings are to be open to all
students. Chairman Jim new responded
that the Senate was meeting as a committee of the whole plus the student coordinator. new, however, agreed that the actual vote of approval [or the new chairman must come at a regular meeting at
the Senate which would be open. new also
stated that this vote would take place
at the regular Senate meeting on Wednesday.
According to Senate members, the Senate then met in closed session until about
11:45. At that time the meeting was pro
claimed open and all those present (i .,
the library said) were allowed in. The
Senate then voted 7»6 to approve the
nomination oi Andy grill made by the
SGA President. Although there are normally only twelve Senate votes unless the
chairman is voting. it was conﬁreed that
Page Fin
Senate:
bag references Set
A references will be held next Monday, May 5th, on a Senate resolution that
the college American flag be flows at
half last {or the duration of the war in
Vietnam-no The resolution passed Wednesday night sites both Governor Robert
Ray's proposal that the iowa Capital's
flag be known at hair last in mounting
the deaths of Iowa servicemen and the
right of individuals and institutions to
use the bag to express mounting at their
own discretion.
in other action, the Senate moved that
students who have failed or not completed comprehensive examinations be
allowed to graduate The matter will be
taken to the Committee on Academic
Standing.
The Senate also created a Committee
on Academic innovation and instrumentation, denied the student coordinator
a role until review can be undertaken by
a Constitutional Committee, and created
an Ad doc Committee to End the War
in Vietnam. Closing out the meeting, 530
was allocated to a collegerhigh school
dance and it was announced that room
draws will he held May 7-10,
£1
the thirteenth vote was cast by student
coordinator Frank Thomas, a non-voting
member of the Senate. grill was also
allowed to vote on his own nomination.
which was approved by secret ballot at
about midnight.
STORAGE SPECIAL
We at seeker Laundry and cleaners w
household items you don‘t want to tax. home in the Spring an
ant to help you with the scoring at your winter clothing .nd
.4 log back in the tall.
The cost at closing the... dark. will be 2 per cent of your declared valuation. plus ilia cost or clean-
ing .nd pressing; or store only costs are 57. of declare
d value — minimum charge two dollars per order.
This year we want in make it as convenient as possible for you. so we have made arrangements with
City Cab co. phone 236-4388. to pick up your clothing or the cure nearest your normal’cry at NO COST
TO YOU.
lNSTRUCTIONS: Pick up a «wage ha
agency can arrange to have a storage bag delivered io you.
bsioie calling the City Cab ca. phone 235-4888.
We will check your list and mail to your home
g at seekers. office at |0|‘7'/2 Broad Street or your college campus
Have your list filled out and payments in bag
a receipt for its items stored. All payment: will is.
cleaner and states removed. then in the tall your payments will be trsshly pressed and ready io wear. excel-
lion — store only is not cleaner or pressed. w. will return the
or she will receive full :admission.
in to your college campus Agency and h.
Here are the added convenience: and productions you will receive it you store your payments will.
seeker's.
l. Day or night taxi service. — 236-4888.
1. Insured against math and miller damage, in. or their.
3. Available handy train and valuation lists.
We will return the order to your college campus Agent. He or she will receive full commission.
5. mighty-one years oi continuous laundry and cleaning experience.
o. greatly pressed and ready to wear in the full, concept store onlyl.
7. You may also no. downtown to seeker'n with your clothes at NO cost TO YOU.
PbiEEKER LAUNDRY/DRY CLEANING
SERVING THlS COMMUNITY FOR OVER SEVENTY FIVE YEARS
Grinnell's Drive-III Laundry
WIT/1 BROAD STREET 0 GRINNELL. IOWA
FABRIC CARE
Ii Cleaners 0 Commercial service
Industrial given lit-final service
sunny _ it... t. io an. SPECIALISTS
 
P.9- Slit
SCARLET AND BLACK
.Whatever Happened to Student Art?
By RICH WICKSTROM
The Annual Student Art Show
on exhibit at Scheaffer Gallery
until May 4 is the protest dis<
lay of student work i have
men at Grinnell in the last four
‘years. The jewelry and cream<
cs possess a high degree cl
oraltsmanship and a strong
sense of design The prints or
film evening are beautifully
decorative. The paintings and
watercolors. however, on the
Whole are quite unimpressive,
phowilig a lack of draitsmanthip and color sense.
The show was judges by
Professor .1 a me 5 McGarrell,
chairman of painting at Indiana University, Bloomington.
Among other destinations, ho
was one of the printers selected
to represent the United States
at last year's Venice Biennale.
The following are his selections; The Inez merely Memorial Prizes in Painting — Meryl
loan— $50, Kimberly Evans—
530, Cindy powers ~ 520; The
Henry York cleaner Memorial
Prizes for Creative Art — Linda
which for jewelry — $30, lucky
school lol- dynamics and sculpture —- $30, Thur Evensotl for
 
KRAMER’S JEWELRY
Corner 4th & Broad
prints —- $20, ricky Moon for
wash drawing — $20; Honomblo
Mention —— Carol wonderful
101‘ college, Fredricka Nelson
for painting, Ronald Al for
sculpture, Susan Richardson for
drawing, Juli watson for drawing, and Jeanne Burkla for
painting.
That’s all I choose to say
about the works in the exhibit
tion. I have been indicated
with calls from angry students
asking about the lack bl works
displayed from outside the m1.
department. As is stated in the
bulletin accounting the student
art show: “Only the work from
college classes and workshops
is displayed in the annual departmental exhibition. The Visiting judge will examine all
entries submitted, The reason
for this policy is supposedly a
lack of space, Questions have
also been raised about the number of ks art motors have
on exhibit, for example Thor
evening’s 14 works, when nondepartment students are limited in three entries. The hear:
or the problem is that this
show is not truly a student exhibition but a departmental ex<
hibitiun exclusively for display
of work done in course: during
the past year. It is opportunity
that than is no student show
-— organized by students. em
to any student, and judges by
students. It does not seem possible that the policy or the departmental e x h H) it lo II will
change in the near future‘
SALES
RUMMAGE AND make Sale for
King Scholarship mind. Saturday, May 17 at terrorist
Church. Student collection
Point at Guroff’s. 1227 Park,
Non-students: norton's. 1223
Broad. Please contribute
throw-award.
CONE ACROSS the street and
buy yourself - present. We're
selling furniture, apparel, kitchenwnre, ate. for tunes} I
happy. Corn“ 6th and High.
saturday, any 3, m.
“NI ll.
IFIDING I}
In l-ullwm
AT
A cool, casual way to keep your cool, Pedwin
manuals. They're imported from italy, with all leather
papers. Takeyour choice. Either style, you’ll
know you've got a good thing going.
Being with each other, doing things together . . . know<
ing that your infection is growing into precious and
ensuring love. mapping, all these published moments
will be forever symbolized by your diamond engagement
ring, If the name, Keepsake. is in the ring and an the tag.
you are assured of line quality and lasting satisfaction.
The engagement diamond is ﬂaccess, of superb color,
and precise modern cut. Your Keepsake however will
assist you in making your selection . r . He's in the yellow
pages under "Jewelers." Rings from $100 to $10,000.
illustrations enhanced in show detailPTradarmark reg.
A. H. Pond Co., Ind, Est. 1892.
REGISTERED
message'
DIAMOND RINGS
HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING
Please send new 2D~page booking. "How To Plan Your engaged
ment and Wedding” and new 127page sun color border. born for
only 25& Also, Send special older of beautiful Alt-page Bride's Book.
r.--_____..____
Brown's Shoe Fit Ce.
CHARGE ACCOUNTS AND YOUR
BANK AMERICARD WELCOME HERE
On Main Street
|
l
l
|
l
l
l
|
l
l
l._.____._._..____
LKEEPSAKE DIAMOND RlNGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, N. Y, 13201
 
'DRAMA STUDENT
millions corps
By MOLLY MCGUIRE
While the majority of seniors were
charming for their comprehensive
exams last week, Bonnie winter, a
theatre major, announced her intention
to bnycutt her- exams and invited her
classified to join her. At a meeting
last Friday night, several students ex
pressed their support or her action, but
were afraid themselves to participate
in a comes boycott,
Saturday morning Miss winter showers up for her written exam, but spent
the time writing a statement explaining her reasons for election to refuse to
write a comprehensive exam for the
Speech and Theater department.
When she appeared Monday morning
i'or her Oral comprehensive, Miss
winter explained that she would be
glad to answer questions regarding the
issues raised in her statement, but
would not answer any questions that
were part ot an oral examination.
She spent the hour discussing grades,
education, and even theatre in general,
but nothing that would automatically
constitute an oral exam,
Miss winter is undertake about what
the theatre Staff will do about her refused to take the comes, but she mentioned a few steps they could follow:
1) fall her; 2) decide that she had in
fact taken the camps and pass her (she
did show up, but didn't answer the
questions); 3) average the grades of
all three comes (she took the ﬁrss earlier in the year and received a “B”;)
or 4) refer her case to the Academic
Standing Committee, with or without a
recommendation that the complement
site requirement be waiver. in any
case, she plans to ﬁle a request with
the Committee to the effect that seniors who do not complete or pass tllelr
comes he allowing ‘lo gmdmite anyway.
(The Senate p‘asked a re mg, Wednesday to petition the .usc with the
same request.)
Porter Woods of the theatre department, when asked about the states decision concerning Miss winter, said he
coupon’t: speak for the Whole staff, but
that he thought that she “knows what
to expect” from the staff. But he did
say, as an individual, that he “questions the series of a general case
against departmental comprehensives
which is brought up during the week
or comes.” He said that the staff would
probably make a decision this week,
and included that he does not want the
decision to set a president for the rest
oi the campus.
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 136-3779
E. l. 1’ seat. on.
OFTOMETRlST
Across from Post Oi‘ﬁce
Closed rivers. F.M.
and Sat. PM.
SCARLET AND I ACK
Excerpts From An All
Printed below are experts from a statement written by senior drama major
Bonnie winter instead of her completed»
site examination. Students who wish to
read the entire statement are tried to
contact Miss winter. — Ed.
I’d like to believe that my objectives
to comes are primarily provided in a
concept or education, and that they are,
therefore, typically multiﬁable. This may
or may not be primary motivation, but
assuming for the moment that it is H
or that it is at least for a major {actor
in this expensive action—I should attempt. some deﬁnation of “education”
and then try to use that as a major pre—
mike for building my argument. (There
I go again, that fact is certainly well
within the ground rules oi proper academic visual!)
in any case, for the sake oi argument,
let’s assume that: Education is a process. it is the vital and intimate instruction, analysis, and integration or inter
nation and experience into one’s past,
present and future being. I am objective
to “comprehensive examinations” bad
cause i have restricted, analyzed and
integrated information and experience
into my being in such a way that the idea
oi comes strikes a most installing note
of history,
That leaves me with the most peoples<
ing problem of application my own being.
Certainly such consumption must be sec
and only to the praisumptlon of lodging
someone else’s being, Nonetheless, has<
ing fully answered such intellectual capacity during the past four years, i
will continuously forge ahead.
Most people who know me — friends,
enemies, relatives, myself — would
agree upon three things about me: 1
am an extremely, I am emotional. And
I am “idealistic.” Sometimes these terms
are considered commitments, sometimes
results. But regardless oi the attached
value judgment, its a curious combination. When people call me emotional,
they usually mean that i am acting
BEYMER?
king's Food Host U.S.A.
without regard for the logical processes
of the human excellent. Those who call
me idealistic mean to say that i am
acting too completely within the logical
constitute oi my mind. Now it I simply
switched on between the two we Could
simply check it up to schizophrenia and
have the contamination nearly continued
to a conceptual box where it can be
continent dealt with (oi course, you may
want to do that anyway). The problem
is that I seem to be extremely emotions1 and idealistic bit the same time (which
sets up a certain amount of cognitive
dissonance, or something like that). hiv~.
en the limitations of a line media, how—
ever. 1 can’t simultaneously deal with
the relationship of these two aspects of
my personality to my specific objective
to comes, so I’ll first deal with my emotional objective and then with my idealistic objectives.
About a week ago someone asked a
classical why he was staying in school
if he really believed what he claimed
to believe about the relevance, value,
etc. of education institutions. He replied
that he was staying because he was a
Schmuck. I’d already been thinking similar thoughts about my own submission to
the rules of the BA. visual, but hearing
the conclusion 5n country stated just one
more time was the final strap. I disease
feeling like a schmuckr It’s a very destruction edition; it’s observe. If 1 can’t
ﬁnd it better reason for staying in school,
for putting up with instances like grades
and finals and comes, I’ve got to drop
out.
Another emotional selection of comes
items from their typical content. I’ve
already taken one set of comes this
spring. 1 was given two grades or “B."
Grinnell College should feel resulted. If
that material (first learned in 10th
grade and subsequently surfaces in
about 24 hours at high-power charming)
represents my “Grinnell Education" and
if my graduation from Grinnell is dependent upon showing forth that sort
of incidentia] information, when the C014
love has wanted every penny or ﬁspecial
aid it has investor in me. And What happened today when I came into this comp?
One or the other motors said to me, “Aw
come on Bonnie, you can just write some
sort or sh—t to those questions.” And
they’re right. I’m sure I could write
some sort of sh—t and pass the exam.
But hell, it the only way to get a BA.
is to brandon your intellectual creativity
and integrity, I’d guess l’ll just have to
do without it.
I have one other emotional objective
to comes—which may or may not be
very noble. But it‘s very basic. 1 hate
being in any way dependent upon other
people’s documents oi me. i feel extremely expressed when someone holds
the power to say that my education, that
my creationewhich is my being # is
aug. owen
Comp
worth so much measured on a 41min:
scale, or that it just dress’t make the
grade. When I submit to that kind of
power 1 feel that I’ve performed my existence, that We specialized my individuality. . ..
Now to carry the argument hack to
the more specsﬁc issue or education, 1
defined education as “a process, the
vital and intimate instruction, analysis,
and integration or information and experience into one’s being.“ in these
terms, if a person sublime his education
to judgment by another person he is submitting his very life to external value
judgment, In which case the judge sets
himself up in the position of God. it
seems to me that the more “liberal"
Liberal Arts Colleges have caught
themselves between two polls. 0n the
one hand, they want to say that education is indeed more than the storage 01
a given body oi information. 0n the
other hand, they want to continue to
apply quantitative measures which can
be transcripts into a publication judy.
merit.
The defense is, of course, that exams
are not intended to be simply a measure
or stored information, they are to allow
a student to demonstrate his ability to
synthesize information into concepts, and
to deal creativity with his confusion.
Yes? Well, 1 don’t believe . it people
who give exams really believed that
“exams are for the student,” seriously,
they certainly worlds’t be so presumptuous to “grade" exams, or papers, or
courses, or people. What all too often
happens in the Liberal Arts College is
that concepts are turned into the inﬁll"
station, synthesis is turned into determination, a process is turned into a product,
A short quote from the "Theater favors: Comprehensive Reading List,
Spring 1969" is permanent:
rim {oliowmg list is designed to
to disorder, early narrow, cost
building situations . . , . The
will be based upon this list. penis
range Vildrly .inn you will not be pen-
alfred for (it original ideas on what inns
reading iisr might mean. (2) your ability
to iii oiiior readings and understandings
into it. and ts) a deep, considered con-
mm" Theater state
Come on now, my friends on the Thea:
[er claim, if you really mean that Stop
asking me silly questions. Have a little
respect for my eligibility and considered confusion. i don’t know what you
mean giving me a 21/2 hour completed
site examination on Theater. You‘re
missing around with my lite, you know.
Theater is my Art, my visual; it’s my
way of blogging into eternity, my way
oi transcending my own interest attitude and mortality. You talk about King
year and Peer Gynt as “departure from
the mainstream of electrical tradition“
and i just think about how no matter
he wslubborn and william I am, i am
ANTI-COM F—
Will
 
(Continued Page 5, Column 4)
SPECIAL
THIS WEEK!
AND THE NEXT, AND THE NEXT.
OUR PEZZA IS ALWAYS PEC
PLACE OR 03’
TOM 84 BETTE GAHBISON
AND THE NEXT
EAL. TRY IT SOME‘HME. VOUR
MT"
.i.‘
236-6222
 
Page Eight
5.
SCARLET AND ELACK
New House treatments Elected
By ALICE ROGOFF
' last Monday’s typical lunchriine elected resulted in the choice of next year's
members of the Associated Women Stuv
cents Board and the men's Council of
house treatments The women's new hall
treatments will be:
marilyn handheld
Susan F inkbeiner
Kathy Heinze honda Lalnherih
carroll person Julia Szabo
Sammie Fletcher (criteria Candidate)
The men’s calls will be headed bye
Bob Asbllie Ira Bnlnlck
Alex martin Roy Lewis
Mike center clinton Phea
Bruce collins Phil years
Don Peterson annie Rose
The 70 per cent of the student body
who voted on Monday was a sharp contrast to the spouse turning at n discuss
simon with the candidates held in the
South Lounge on the eve of the election.
“The main purpose of a hall press-
ent,” Lisa Cheraskin concluded there,
‘is to coordinate the hall into a portable
living situation." Ideas on how to achieve
that goal varied considerable among the
candidates.
The relative series of hall unity Vs.
individuality was a president topic. it
was generally text that fails should provide for various activities, but only it
its residents wishes to participate. Alex
martin suggested holding a meeting of
people who select the same hall to de
side what “direction a hall should go
in.” He stated that problems and dislilusionment often arise because individuals do not clearly understand their president’s position when they became
members of a mail. Suggestions to improve hall unity or spirit would be to
use the lounge as a center, to encourage
halirsponsored discussions with processors, and to have mail winners. Hall unity
might be encouraged, but the underlying individuality of each hall member
would be maintained,
Among the women, practical question:
such as "How do you keep the kitchen
clean?” were presented to see how the
candidates would solve the difficult problems of rule enforcement, organization
and requiring the cooperation of every
individual. A preventing view was expressed by francis Gray: “If the house
president is going to be the informed of
anything, it should be consideration."
Opinions on the intro-hall illegal use
of drugs ranked from it laissez-fairy attitude to a ban-on-drugs hall policy. marilyn Canfieid said that the illegal use of
drugs within a mail would jeopardize whether hall members, Most candidate:
there characterized by a refused to take
any action unless the individuals involv-
LLsa Cheraskin
francis Gray
ed became ”industries," in which case
they would speak to those individuals.
Giving information to hall residents ti)
acquaint them with all the facts about
dnig use was also allocated by nokia
candidates.
Plans to have hall members aid each
other in their academic like would include hall tutorial programs, having
motors discuss their courses and pro
lessons with prospective motors, and
asking upperciassmert to acquaint rreshmen with what the general requirement
courses retail, The “gulfH between North
and south campus might be bridges by
interface winners and a system of “Sister calls” from the opposite sides or
the campus, someone suggested.
lMlke Penzner informed a need [or in‘
formal cold social functions for people
who don’t: date. “We need to generate
an atmosphere to make that. kind of
thing acceptable —— to let people relax
with one anotharl"
The basic: theme of the candidates was
reﬂenter in the word “communication,”
or as Roy Lewis put it: ‘People should
try to get together and talk things out.“
M
Support Breakfast Fund
By KIT LEDER
A drive on campus to raise funds for
the Black another Party of Des points'
Free Breakfast for Children Program
looked a response resulting to over
$146 in collections. Money was collected
at tables in lunch and dinner lines, in
the Forum, and in the Post Office during a six-day campaign last week,
The Free Breakfast For Children Program is the first public service program
institutes by the still young partners of
Des points it is designed to provide
a free hot breakfast for school children
of Black communities who would other
wise have to sit through each morning
on an empty stomach. The program is
dependent on community response, and
the contributions from Grilmeii are one
step in the direction of promoting a sense
of community between white students
and young Black people.
However, some elements within the
city of Des points have no philanthropic
feelings toward the partners; last Saturday night their headquarters wal
bombed and several partners were arrested for “accounting" policemen, while
other partners were faced for standing
too near them on the font north of the
bombed house. it appears that lines are
being drawn within Des points, and the
partners are being controlled with
problems which may slow down their
efforts to respond to the pressing needs
of the Black communities.
 
Students Organize
Town Discussions
By KATHY run;
In an effort to communicate with the
town and to encourage discussion about
the war, Grinnell students started tall-king with members or community organizations this week, The responses have
varied
The First constitutional Church asked
for a discussion or debate, and the Grinnell high school student body president
said he would try to set up a panel or
high school teachers and, perhaps, college processors to discuss the Vietnam
war in an allrschool assembly. He also
said he would calculate an anti-war peter
tion that will be presented to the city
council.
The American region plants a
meeting within a week to consider the
proposed discussions, and the principal
Church has asked for a discussion on
May lot. (This date may have been
changed because Ted click’a draft card
turn—in was scheduled for that night.)
when Mark tractor called the Chamber oi Commerce to ask if they would ho
interested in helping to set up discussions
about Vietnam, the reply was, “You’re
sick,“ tractor commented to the 8&5,
“I felt terrible frustrated and happened.
My stomach was upset. I’m afraid we
underestimated the potential negative reaction at the town."
Other students are talking with {arm
organizations, Grinnell Democratic and
Republican parties, other churches, and
the League of Women Voters. Senator
Bill Stranger is trying to find a short
film to be shown at the Strand Theater
before the featured movies.
The Grinneli Herald-Register asked
senior Bruce Armstrong, (who has been
talking with Editor Al Finder), to Write
an article to present his “assessment of
what happened.” The article was print
ed unedited, in Monday's Register. in
his article, Armstrong stated that the
investing of the flag was the well-intel
signed act oi one person (actually, there
were two) and asked that "the concern
of the average citizen" about the war
be voices. Ted click talked with the
chief of police, Bill meters. meters said
that the US. would get out of Vietnam
If it takes 5 million men and an atom
bomb, but does not feel that he can take
a public stand in his position, click said.
Friday, May 2, i959
 
chuck created
The “died paper" oi the Saga Food
Ben/ice, florence “Saga Chuck” Hand,
was tracked with 25 shipped cream
pics at an Apr. 20th Spring Picnic and
site-Fly on the Women's Athletic Field.
After putting himself before a student
timing squad, Chuck’s only comment
was a catholic, “Are you finished yet?"
The answer was another pie in Chuck's
face. Saga supplied the pics and sportsored the activities.
} Anti-Comp '
(continued from Page 1)
going to die holiday and l’m not going
to be able to live all of the life 1 want.
to live, and that gardens and daughters me so much that I seek existence in
my instructions. You ask me to spend
one hour of my “comprehensive examination” evaluating some “Absurd" playwrites in accordance with the idea that
m , , “ represents a new direction in
tnwrgv smart wind up feeling like i
must "be on stage because I certainly
feel like I’m playing a role in someone’s
Absurd Theater. If you really want to
know about my original and considered
confusion, drop that nonsense oi what
grade you’re going to give people on
this, that, or the floor exam 01' life and
listen to me.
The Academic visual has become des<
functional. Let‘s throw it out and work
together with a new art ton...
 
NOTICE
A: in provide. cam. we will not. your
portable iypewriisn for ih. summer
at no charge. w. will hm ihsm in-
loved.
While your portable n in. why not has-
. us physically. clean and oil it, and hsvo
. ' It already {or another year oi hard
m » t
THE WORLD IS YOURS,
See Your Travel Agent
work next years
Today
GRINNELL TRAVEL CENTER
808 — 5th Ave. Court
Phone 236-4384
236-4675
GRINNELL OFFICE SUPPLY
Across From The Post office
ADDRESS HERE:
 
