'A look a! San Francisco state
. (an Students ‘ reel 'Ilieir Education?
By CATHY JONES
The current serum at San Francisco
State is developing into the most significant at recent attempts to change the
gm" structure of a university, but is
rlgcly ignored or hourly covered by the
nation’s mass media.
The strike is actually two strikes, one
by union processors and one by students.
but While their demands are different,
the present alliance between the two
posts a continuing daily threat to the
existence of the university as it is now
governor. The specsﬁc demands by the
L‘Black Student Union and Third World
generation Front include the establish
ment of a 20-mn Black Studies Department under Dr. Nathan care, with the
sole power on hire and fire testing with
the department; the assistance to the
university of all black students who want
to attend next fall, the establishment o!
a School of Ethnic Studies for Third
World students with sole hiring and filing power; reinstatement of Black another, George Murray as a teacher for
1963—69, and amnesty for all students
arrested during the strike.
The repeated announcement by student leaders that all demands are non<
negotiable and that the strike will continue until they are met, underlying the
real issue at hand: the question oi who
controls the university.
Faculty demands for educational reform, and a written collective containing
contract also point to the desire for a
restructuring 0! present power relationships women the university Faculty
stickers also support the removal of the
police from the campus and agreement
to the students' demands, but while the
two sets of stickers are marketing and
working together now, student leaders
are careful to point out their demands
cannon be associated and their strike will
continue regardless of the outcome of
the American Federation of Teachers
Strike.
The strike tuellc marks a new phase
In attempts by students to control the
educational process. It goes far beyond
the arctic of simply holding I building
where one mass arrest ends the cons
metallic The strike ls u continued
problem for the administration and
police, and even a major just like the
one January 23 where so students,
faculty and supporters were arrested
does not half the movement.
Of course. the presence of the San
Francisco Police Force is a continued
problem, too, but this may also be soon
as an indication of the strength and
weight of the threat the strike pose]
to the administration.
Police,tactics also go beyond those
used in previous configuration attempts.
Heliwpter‘s cover above the campus, g“.
selling police to spot miscellaneous acts
of low violation, relay the description at
the vibrator w the ground where the person may be arrested hours or days la«
her. Leaders of the Strike have been
subject to arrest at any time on back
warranty for violations or any kind (including real or examined). But so car
these artists have failed 00 decorative
the stickers or break the strike.
There are other important difference:
in the San Francisco State situation from
other campus power strengths. The student body is quite different from what
8. F. STATE— 1
(Continued on Page 4, Col. 1) !
 
GRINNELL COLLEGE
SCARLET & BLACK
THE STUDENT ,
NEWSPAPER
 
Vol. LXXVI
print-Il, Iowa. Friday. January 3|, my
_,
Na. 14
 
“a“; Visiting Prof. Discusses Views
 
 
 
 
 
 
VISITING Professor Nichols meals with his I'Re‘orgasm" class. He will
also {each "The metro as a Literary Artist" this semester.
 
Identity print Anilyrod
._—.
Senate Takes Slep Toward Democracy
by ED HlRSl-I
A Step Towards Democracy
On Wednesday night the Grinnell Senate decided to take a major step in everything their basic fear of the student
body by holding a representative election for the two recently located senate
seats. The election will take place on
February 6th at 7:30, in the north lounge
of the form. Any student who wants to
vote must do so at this meeting hours<
day night. Those students seeking office
ohoulld file applications before 2:00 pm.
bn Monday, February 3rd. Applications
can be made by connecticut either Tom
Thomas or Tom cricket! in the Student
Government Office, or by placing a note
in the Student Government rainbow.
It seems typical of the Grinnell Senate
that when they found that Richard
Sohneirov had transferred and that newbie Friedman had taken a leave of ab-
since, causing two vacancies in the Senate, their first reaction was to hide the
fact that these two vacancies had no
turned and to think of election two new
senators themselves. They would then
eventually let the word lead to the std-
NOTICE
There are openings for two positions on the Student Senate. Stun
cents interested in applying should
contact Tom Thomas or Tom Triplett, or place a note in the SGA
mailing no later than 2 pm. Mon<
day.
sent body. This led to healthy discussions
as to the responsibility of the senators
to the community and to the people they
, SENATE— '
gContinued on Page 4, Col. 2)
By BILL RAFFERTY
"The Democratic revolution, establish<
log freedom, justice and equality has not
yet occurred in the Unit States.” This
was the comment of vi line Professor
Charles H. Nichols in his ﬁrss class in
”determine in the US." Reformism is
not a new invention of the 1960's. It is
as old as any American institution, and
has assumed many forms.
Professor Nichols is well equipped to
explain early reporting and its contemporary relevance. He wrote his presentation for a Ph.D. on “A Study of the
Slave Narrative;" he has published,
Many Thousand Gone, The Ex-places’
Account of Their Bondage and Freedom,
and is currently working on a biography
of Theodore Parker,
The early recorders began the attempts
to establish equality and assets the human density of the Afro-American. recorders of today one a great debt to
and share much with these men. The
”Black Revolution" is the latest form of
this struggle. Dr. Nichols sees three
basic causes behind the recent rise of
“Black Power." First, AfrorAmericans
are becoming more aware and taking
greater pride in their heritage. The AfroAmerican has a culture which has contributed to many positive aspects of
American society. recently, as Dr. Nichols points out, the new direction of the
movement is a reaction to the investigation of Rev. Martin Luther King. Men
became further allocated by the failure of
Non-Violence. shortly, there has been
or selection of American Imperialism. The
outrageous treatment of the Vietnamese
people has created a universal popularity
among colored people. Dr. Nichols emphasizes that the violence committed in
our cities in recent years is very small
compared to the violence illustrated
upon Black men through the centuries.
He feels that the message of men like
Le Roi Jones and Eldridge cleaner is
to respect the “business of human life,"
something that has not been respected
sufficiently in America. A society that
produces for profit, not for people calls
not easily achieve this value. Civil Right!
Legislation can never be effective until
White America is willing to efforts has
monitoring laws.
Dr. Nichols has been the Director of
the Department of Literature at the Free
University of Berlin since 1959.
During this time he has observed many
Americans in Europe. Their allowance
and lack of concern for the people around
them has caused him to question the
values of the society which produced
them. He has concluded that ii White
America refused to resource its imperialistic attitudes then ethical men should
attempt to gain the power to bring about
those changes. This would necessarily a
revolution. However, Dr. Nichols feels
it is still the goal oi the Black people to
make American society truly humans.
Dr. Nichols is a 1542 cum large grades
ate of Brooklyn College who holds a Ph.Dy
from Brown University. He has taught at
Morgan State College, Hampton Institute,
and Bmwn. While a copyright Visiting
lectures in Denmark, he also lectures in
Germany and later joined the faculty of
the Free University of Berlin. Beginning
with the academic year 1965-1970, he will
be professor of English at Brown Unl<
version.
Opry AI' Grinnell
Saturday night at 10:30 music from
rural Tennessee will fill the South'
(touched) Lounge. print toward, Fred
Price, and their sons florence Howard
and Kenneth price will present a cons
cell. of downrhome, old-time music.
print Howard and Fred Price gained
regulations far from their farms near
Nashville during the folk removal of the
early ’605. They are regular performing
at the Newport Folk Festival, and last
July in Washington they were created
enthusiastically at the Smithsonian Institution’s Festival of American wildlife. The group is commonly associated
with Doc Watson, with whom they often
perform in concert,
 
Page Two
EDITORIAL.
SCARLET AND BLACK
The Student Use of Student Beings
Last Saturday night, the
generous social fund shared
five of its precious dollars to
pay for the most removable folk
concert of the recent. past, pic
owner and Friends. The entertaining happens shared their
wealth with the audience, investing in five dollars worth of
ice cream comes. The generation of the entertaining, ice
cream and music, is an example of the spontaneous sharing
and equipment which is so possible and so little developed at
Grinnell. People were creating
an removable experience for
each other for only five dollars!
I’m not applying five dollar
concerts are the answer, but I
applied the communication
and relaxation that was possible in the concert.
This experience indicates to
me the need for a place for students to use and improve their
wealth of parents. Energy used
for negative purposes, antilnstitution, anti - administration, antivdreft, etc, can frontpage and stifﬂe creative students, There needs to be outlets
for positive energy and parents,
latest in so many. The initial
success of Ex Loce two years
ago, is an indication of the need
and potential for in i o r m al
meeting of s t u d e n t s. The
Forum falls somewhat short of
that purpose. Students enjoy
more intimate situations than a
noise grill or a beautifully furnished South Lounge. At the
same time, running an off-campus place, the ideal, takes time
and money (rent), that few
students can afford.
The concert was held in the
defence Forum coffee house.
Only one other time this year
have I seen the forum used as
it can be used. A Friday night
soup of kids moved into the
South Lounge to sing and
dance. Why shouldn’t the forum be used more in this way?
Students need only decide to
enjoy it! The coffee house, with
a little student initiative and
instrumentation of decor, could
easily become a meeting place
for students. Comfortable furniture, the opening of space,
the addition of contains or paint
could make the room more conducted to student use. Music,
drama, and poetry could dec o m a natural differences.
Five dollar concerts could be
replaced with free ones. People
would have to buy their own
ice cream, but that is not a difficult investment in exchange
for the equipment and development of talent.
M—
education Group to Present Proposals
Seminar Produces Results
Grinnell is conducting an experiment
in radical education. It consists of ii!teen students, ranging from lrcshnlen
to seniors, and Don biggest of the Education Department. normally, it is an
independent project (some of the students are taking it for {our credits.
others for two). Informally, it exists on
many levels. 'the purpose of this series
or articles which, hopefully, win appear
weekly in the SIB, is to duplicate these
levels as we in the education project
see them. We all believe that the research and planning that this group is
conducting to be a! both immediate and
far-reaching relevance to the Grimlell
trinity.
An experiment in radical education is.
no doubt, a customer. But the fact is
that Gl'lonely’s liberal arts education is
essentially traditional, and therefore not
sunﬁcountry generating. While the admin»
isolation worried about the death of the
liberal arts college due to financial possibility; we, as students, worry about
the death of the liberal am college due
to irrelevance. The American college
in general, and Grinnell College in particular, is (unctioning less and less as
all institution which Opens the individual
to the real and potential joy or his own
existence, and more and more as an
institution which Channels America’s
middle - class youth into ready -made
inches in society. Are we radical because we extract this former goal?
This is the second semester of the
project’s existence. Last semester was
spent largely in theoretical discussions
and individual presentations on the role
of education in America. This semester
,we hope to get beyond the theoretical
level, and into proposals for change at
Grinnell College.
The project’s goal this semester is to
draw up a concrete proposal lbs' current
lulu innovation at Grinnell. We have
been encouraged to do so by president
suggest and the powerseller Foundation.
(During Christmas vacation, members
of the education project visited Ind
studied, ﬁrss hand, the various ups
patches of experimental schools. Some
schools visited were Antioch, Oberlin, the
University of Michigan, and the Fm
University in Berkeley. The powerseller
Foundation bu been informed at the
project no has encouraged us to prepare a proposal adaptive these ap—
provides to Grinnell.) Our hope is to
receive the agreement Ind participation of Grinncll nuacms. usually, the
entire humanity should engage, on
some level, in these changes which an
shared not merely It academic renewal.
but at a renewal of the presently-innocent lite-style a: Grinncll College. The
project meets every Thursday evening
at 8 o’clock in Conference House. Come.
south's
Gifts for All Occasions
Books & Candles
82!) 4th Ave.
talk of the town
originally me by in. New cum
By FREDRICKA NELSON
I sit here in my movement overlooking
central park, wondering how to write
something unheavy for my readers when
they arrive hack in the literary center
of poweshiek county, grinnell college,
grinnell, iowa. none of you know about
this new writer for a brand new, underprecedented column on the places to go,
things to see, etc, in our cambridge of
the midwest. this is my second draft of
no. 1 of the talk of the town. i worked
out and ﬁlisted likely an introductory
try, which on spreading was too much,
not the kind of pleasantry you'd expect
to launch a semester. if anyone would
like to read my introduction to what's
doing and what i think about it, please
address said request to our new editor
and she'll obligingly run my first attempt next week. i think books ls a good
friend to the writer and i’ve got no
money to buy even a six-pack, so ham
rally i’ll be a little less loose than might
be expected since poverty has got mo
(or the third annual vacation. somehow
during the semester: there‘s I fashion
of ﬁspecial comfort because there's always someone in grinnell who‘ll buy
you a beer or turn you on to the latest
shipment. you can make it when everyone’s around. i stayed here last summer and split this Christmas vacation
between the treasures of my family's
{arm and my independent existence in
my argument. the farm never changes
though its people go through emotions
and occasions the same as others. life
in grinnell dress’t change either so
much except that the more time you
spend here the better you get to know
its secrets and how to unearth them
from a resistant community. that is the
nature of the midwestern psyche though,
calm and reserved and very spam .
there‘s always a period of fear, i'm
afraid or slebiscus and the man, only
We learned that even without anonymous people area’t always out to beat
up or ﬁnk on each other. there are ‘81“
civic problems that l won't allude to
about college — town relationships.
grinnell is sort of a liberal cancer in the
middle or a solid republican sweet of
countryside, and its people are young,
alien and rebellious. we come here to
alternate in knowledge for four year!
and that’s about exactly what happens
and we graduate and live in big cities
in includes of grinnell people who talk
necessarily of the good old days. now
i'm pointing out that a lot at it is garbage, and that includes the image of
the grinnell students sitting here in a
various cultural hole. my position is
sort or me as a towniecollegestudent.
in the day l'm more or less in the academic bag, and then night llle is at my
home which i share with another privileges senior woman and our cat whose
name is blood. that’s a many name,
but she's a great cat and she’s been
with us for I year now. don’t tell me
you can’t do things in the forms, because we kept this cat for a whole semester, more or less with the approval
of the other people in the house. i guess
she used to get in the refrigerator and
scale some of the girls to death, but
we made it ok and now she’s port or
our ollrcampus experience. i think that‘s
pretty much what i’ll write about,
simple things like life at the variety,
and the laundromat, diffs's circuit, in
contrast to the cultural opportunities
offered by forum night life and the bookstore. instead of house parties we have
wonderful neighbors who don't seem to
have that many complaints about our
hours or the noise we make. movement
walls are chicken than directory walls
Friday, January El. 1969
The charles & Black
small/r Newspaper or
Grinnell College.
Grinnell. Iowa
An independent news
“sumo”, paper published weekly,
on, except during holidays
. and exemption periods.
the Grinnell com.
mltlee on sweden: ruhli.
canvas. Subscilpllen
mu 16.00 per, school
door _
luxlnesl Man-sex ,
sun-”n; humor
Auocllle Editor .
cow Editor ..
com known’seller . DAVID uNhnum
Rmnen .. men onml. full would,
no bush. cuhv dana,
Ann xmchner, Roger max.
Jon stud. Ron slclnmm
suse mm
. men avon
and you don’t check out our place like
you do the north lounge as you walk
iron the post office earnings. no live
in the town and we love it. more and
more we {ind that its open and mm.
skills are important though and you’ve
got to remember that they're a social
feature and not really an idle] or
dream. skills are friendly, and: you
need ﬁends in the town when you
live and my.
m
New Perspectives
By TED SLICK
This column is going to be I vehicle
10: the pmcntauon of revolutionary
ideas {or thought, consumption. and
hopefully, action upon by the student
body and faculty of this institution or
higher learning. Each column which I
write is not intended to be accepted as
the complete truth; this is not “Where
the Truth Lies." Such an assumption
would be presumptuous and drive;
What this column is intended: to do
is to present, by the use of different
sources, laws and ideas which are not
the ones usually received from the mass
media. The ideas will be radical ideas.
in the sense that Webster deﬁms radi<
cal, i.e., “favorite extreme change, as
or the social structure." "that is my- posts'on which has slowly developed: over
the past two years to the point when: I
now believe that this country has lost
right 0! shit it should stand in: {nepal, justice. and impossible Notwith—
standing the words of our student,
this country is in need of such vast Ind
great changes that a revolution is
needed in the policies and nations of ﬁle
government, and in the minds, social
structure, and attitudes of the people,
llev. place company, an American
minister in Guatemala, says: ‘1 yellow
the mail-read student can say forestry
the status que is to inmlerably salem
that it is killing my brother; my brother is suffering IS a result of the institutioualimd violence in which he lives.
He is dying too-use he dress't have
any land. in is dying because he can.
not organize hl: labor. n: is dying in—
telleclually because he has in schools."
These lines refer to conditions, not just
in Guatemala. but all over the globe, in
the third world countries and, in certain
reflects, within the world‘s developed
countries. including the United States.
Man must come to realize that by
supporting his government's policies of
expression of other peoples, policies to
he examined in depth in this column as
the year goes on, he is compromising
the contest ideals that. he may hold. I
will explore the draft and resistance to
it, the United States foreign policy.
conditions Within the armed forces, the
PERSPECTIVES—
_(Conunued on Page 6, Col. 4)
 
may. 3..an n, my center AND IEACK
'JD'! RESTAURAN!
 
h a Four SCARLET AND BLACK Fr s onuary , 96!
things: Motivation or Punishment
} sr. store
(Continued from Page 1)
we expect and identity at cornell as
typical. San Francisco State is a computer college, and the average age of
its students is 25 years. Many are mark
died and have been working and going
to school for over the normal ioiirryear
period. Unlike must of us, they control
and define their daily lives While not Ill
class, biit are as yet unable to determine
in any way the education they know they
need.
San Francisco State drivers from where
student unless has occurred. it is not recognized as a “practice school” (like
Berkeley or Columbia), and as acting
president Hayakawa adults, “it shouldn't be.” In a speech before the allowance
Commonwealth Club in San Francisco
last Friday, Hayakawa stated that, “San
Francisco State was closer to the people
and is the thing that makes possible the
social mobility that makes the American
dream possible.”
It is the directory in understanding
between minority group students and
Hayakawa about what it means to “be
close to the people" that is an issue,
with minority group students asking
for the responsibility of education their
own.
While the strike has not yet shut down
classes completely, class attendance
ranges from 20% to 45% depending upon
the day. For instance, January 14 sea.
tactics from the Campus Communications
Center show that of a total of 115 classes
scheduled, 43 were held — 37% — and
all those were below 50% in attendance.
Career—oriented business students Show
highest attendance rates, while lifeoriented drama, art and philosophy Students show the lowest according to the
San Francisco Chronicle.
Support from community leaders is
also given to the strike and pictures of
ministers in the San Francisco papers
often reveal placards identifying such
groups, but they’re rarely mentioned in
news articles or analysis by reporters.
Support is especially high in minority
group communities such as the Mission
District, a primarily Spanish-speaking
and Black district. Members of these
communities, pics some parents or students and many white students were among those arrested at State on the 23rd,
The arrest came when students held
an un~campus rally to protest Hayaka—
wa‘s ban forwarding assemblies on the
campus grounds. As Hayakawa stated.
“specsﬁcalls, replies, parties, be-ins,
hootenaunies, hoedowus, childrens and
all other public events likely to history
the students in their reading and reflection are hereby forbidden on the central
campus.” Unauthorized persons are also
forbidden on the Campus and person with
legitimate business (defined by Kayekawa and the police) are “expected to
move directly to their appointed places."
marketing is limited to the outskirts of
the campus, and as nayakawa puts it,
"we’ve moved them from inside the
classrooms, air the campus, and out to
the streets.” That's where the stickers,
student and faculty, stand as of now.
and as final exams and a new semester
begins, the future of San anoisco State
and the kind of education it provides will
be determined.
By ROGER KOENKER
Senior comprehensives make good
business sense; the Longhorn ran dry
lthe day Grinnell seniors finished the
Graduate Record Exams. The thirty for
knowledge and religion are only a new
blocks apart here. But the college does
more than fill the pockets of local business, and comprehensives are more than
an excuse to drink. What they do ac—
complete anti what they are designed to
accomplish are more problematic. Are
comprehensives a vestigial institution
that will follow the Junior liberal Arts
Exam to picture? Do compreliellsives do
more than place another carrier on the
already cluttered skills oi Grinneli students? The answer “no” to these questions requires a good deal more thought
than our “community" seems willing
to device to the subject.
There are at least five aims of the
test in the eyes of faculty. They may
be divided into two groups as suggested
by the coleman Committee reports
1. Evaluation
(A) The test serves as a minimum
standard of conference in the major field.
(B) The test serves as a summary Indicator of the level of accomplish
ment of all students within a discipline.
(C) The test serves as an index of
departmental effectiveness and
curriculum success.
Il. Motivation
(D) The test compete students to re
View and synthesize basic theory
and methodology In each discipline.
(E) The test source: students to do
independent work In their major
ﬁend and demonstrate the ability
to work with the theory and methods of the discipline.
By college regulation, senior couple—
websites must be divided into three
parts, two of which must be written tests.
This tri-parties scheme allows some flexibility 0i aim between sections of the
test. The content, standards and administration of the test is the closely
awarded domain of the separate departments. So for example, part I of the
history comprehensives, a written examination designed to test students' ability to Work with selected historical documents, seems to be primarily an attempt
to evaluate methodological expertise
(aim B). The first written exams in
economics, math, psychology, physics,
biology. and others, are designed to ensure minimum student conference in the
discipline. These are departments where
the tests are a recognized obstacle to
graduation and poor performance is
finished by reporting. While there are
other elements in the tests, they are
constructed to be most effective at the
margin of failure and may tell little or
nothing about student ability above that
margin.
The May portion of the comprehensive
is the most variable portion of the examination. History comprehensivcs will re
quite answers to two threesome quotations over independent reading and research, placing primary emphasis on
study and learning outside the course
structure. in biology, an oral test will
be administered in the spring on independent research conducted by motors (sure
ing the second semester. The direction of
the spring test seems to be toward an
oral examination encouraging indexed
sent work in the field.
The ambivalance of purpose interest
in die tests is the primary factor region‘s
bible for their failure to achieve an,
stated objective. The resolution or those
sometimes contracting objectives is a
necessary prerequisite for making corn.
preferences a more vital and useful
part of education.
As a possible solution, may 1 suggest
the following general revisions: the why’.
[hm of Grinnell education could be limited from two years of general requires
meets followed by two years or disciplit
mary specialization (the present situaA
tion) to one year ol general require)
meets, two years of specialization an
a final year of seminar and independent
work in interdisciplinary areas. senior
comprohensrves would be taken at th
end of the junior year or the beginning
of the senior year. For student ovaluao
tiny, this timing would have two advann
pages. Every student would have a sets
her opportunity to work effectively during the senior year in areas that a
placed weak in the examination T;
comprehensives were given before get'
presentations were written by faculty
members, presumably better, more im
for-med letter could be written.
Both advantages have certain obvious
conventional analogues that would make
the test more effective in the sense that
it would demand more strongly soil
review and synthetic understanding
of the major field. Rather than trying: .
to use comprehensives as a level to: .
academic change by encouraging o
requiring independent study, the 172.1
scheme would place the natural emphap
his on broad-sealed independent work
during the senior year.
As our exams collect dust and the
routine of the semester years on, one
might hope that next year's exams are
more than one night’s good business for
the Longhorn.
__—.—ﬁ
THE SENATE AS SEEN BY . . .
THE ADMINISTRATION
} Senate
(continued from Page 1)
represent. The result of these discussion:
was that: the Senate decided that the vacant seats should be filled by a general
election or the student body.
0n the surface it might appear that
the senators suddenly felt an obligation
to the students they represent and thus
decided that the student andy should vote
 
Yes! ""5 True!
Wu Do have Service on I’ll promise. To Allow you w. enjoy
your presence we ottm
SPAGHETI’I DINNER
with Salad. Garlic lucia
And Coffee ..
Jun ‘1035
WEDNESDAY NITE FROM I 'TIL 9
PAGLIAI'S f The Pizza People
SENKI' E MmUTES
THE STUDENTS
to elect their own senators. In reality,
this is a wallace. The senators notices
are far from noble. They have an edition
theory of government that certainly has
not changed, but only has been overridden by their meetings of allocation
him the student body. The edition senators still believe that they can and should
elect a senator, one who they feel would
be more responsible and representative
to the student body. They have a strong
fear of who the students might elect.
Although it may be partially "the principle of the thing," the far greater reason for the general election is to generate
student interest. The Senate believes that
the Interest created by an election is
more important than who is actually
eleven. This is especially reinforced by
(the fact aka/t the two newly elected senators will only serve until spring vacation. The rest of the senators believe that
who new members can do little harm in
only a month's time.
The style of the Senate meeting seems
representative of the senators‘ general
beliefs about student government. The
meeting makes an obvious force of parliamentary- proceeds. The senators do
THEMSELVES
what they want, when they want to, and
they don't want to have to answer to anyone about the methods they utilize. They
cleverly work within the rules oi parliamentary procedure no give an appearance in the minutes of representative
decisions.
This is not [0 say that the Grinnell
Senate is made up of searching and per<
p12 who just don't care about the std<
sent body. it is rather to say, that hero
is a group of students, titled the Senate.
who run Grimell’s student agreement
and who are having somewhat of an
identity crisis as an organization. who
senators are placed in the confusion position of representing students who are
obviously synthetic. They are coming to
the conclusion that the response i nice,
purposes, and goals of student government must be their own personal ones.
And thus student government is being
run by a very small and special segment
of the student body. Unless there is 50m.
type of meaningful change in the relationship between the Senate and the student, Student government at Grinnell will
continue to be an edition government under the false guide of representation.
 
Friday. January 3!,» mt
SEX with Kirkendall
As a part of the current sex education
program, Dr. center A. Kirkendall, retired professor oi Family Diving at oregon State University visited the campus
last week. He is a recognized authority
on sex education, and has written exclusively, including the hook Premarital Intercourse and international Relations. In
his lecture, Dr. Klrkendali did not acknowledge his position as a moralistic
one because he refused to designers specsﬁc acts as either right or wrong. To
so focus upon specsﬁc actions would direct attention from what he considered
the basically important issue, namely,
the meaning of behavior, medications,
and the significance which these have
for us as human beings. In this sense
sexual behavior is not taken out of its
everyday context; it cannon and should
not be disorder from the world we live
in. T00 often students are handed a package, In this instance, sex, and then told
to fit it Into their lives any way they can.
Certain limitations are evident in any
lecture. The most obvious is that the
speaker does not reach everyone in the
audience. Perhaps the real value in such
a lecture is the discussions it has promoted on campus. Here, I believe, lies the
value in having people like Dr. Kirkendall visit Grinnell. His lecture has opened
up a whole area of what students want
no talk about; the quality now remains,
“Are students going up continue to open
that door?"
This student body is capable of the
most decorative of criticism and yet
regardless of where they place the object at issue on the scale or their likes
and diseases the important point lies in
answering the question, "Where do we
go ibm here?“ To talk about an issue,
maybe develop it a little, and then
sleeve it when it becomes last week’s
discussion topic is missing the point. And
I believe a lot oi points have been missed
on this campus.
By MARILYN COCHRAN
BEYMER’S
King's Food Host U.S.A.
SCARLET AND BEACK
 
construction has begun on the new 2.l million dollar Physical Education complex. Thus tar his foundation walls have been proved.
Progress on the new building is reported only slightly behind schedule.
Opening at the new complex is let for July I970.
 
0.6 (or
By RON STANFORD
A month in Washington DC. A nightmare of machine politics, english compression, and Pigs in the Street danish
at the options of the growing Capitol
dome, the Lincoln Memorial, and macro's Restaurant and Bar (17th and P St.
N.W.). One becomes inspired, even interested by the glory that is Our Nation's Capital.
Little did I realize, however, that
Grinnell College, community of which
i am a member, plays such a large
role in this, our federal government.
One day I rendered through an online
building on Pennsylvania Avenue, as l
am want to do, past ofﬁyes of lobbyists
— the transfers, the Remember the
Pueblo Committee, the Forget the Puehlo Committee, when what to my wondering eyes should appear, but a mahogany door with a bronze prague which
stated, “Grinnell Associates, Grinnell,
Iowa." Maybe, I thought, they can't
spell ‘College.’ I could think of no reason why colleague Grinnelli would have
a Washington active, but the Wayne
Feeds has even less reason for a lobbyist.
I entered previously, trying to excel
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
A01!” min the Fur om“
GRINNELL. IOWA
spending Reports
fears of T.H.R.U.S.I-I, Dr. No, and secret
CIA subscribe. The receptionist was not
in the room, and I permitted myself a
generous look at the ofﬁce. The desk
was clear or any papers that could offer
a club to what Grlnnell Associates really was or were. In one cover there
stood a filing cabinet, and on the top
driver the codes initials "RE.” were
cancelled. Poweshiek applications? Pagliai academics?
The secretary interpreted my ratings
when she entered and asked if She could
help me, I did not know exactly what to
say, so, of course, I asked her it she
was from Grlnnell, iowa.
“More or less," she replied.
:Do you, uh, know, uh, Floyd Beaver."
“Who? Oh, you mean the mayor? No,
I just went to the college there — Grinnell College." Just what I needed.
"Well, that's why I stopped here. I’m
a student at Grinnell, and I was just
passing by and saw the sign on the
door. . . Is this an oiﬁce oi the college?"
“Uh, not officially, er, I mean . d .
Wait just a moment, please.”
She walked back to the door through
which she had just entered and left
for a now seconds. She came back sailing and said conﬁgently, “Would you
like to meet the boss?” Without waiting
for an answer, she showed me to the
door and closed it behind me.
There he was. The familiar face
failed at me from beneath the four
familiar big leaves, this time in bronze.
on the wall to the right were several
demographic photographs nl compression, and to the left, an architect's connection oi the proposed physical education complex. We exchanges the usual
pleasanlries, you know, T. S. Eliot: and
all that. Then I took a closer look at the
picture which had become so familiar
to me on the Cowles placement. At the
lower right hand corner were the words,
“Thomas J. todd Athletic Center."
Before I had time to recover (mm the
shock oi this discovery, the secretary
entered and said to the boss, “Your
visitor is here, Sir." I left politics, but as
l married out through the receptionist’s
Office I heard her say, “You may Come
in now. I'm sure the President will
greatly appreciate your donation, Mr.
renew."
Page Fivo
DRAFT NOTES
(Ed. hotel For individual draft
counseling, call ext. 355 or stop by
Conference House at 1205 Park
Street. If you plan to go to graduate
school part lime and work part time,
you may be able to obtain an occupational determine.)
As predicted, monthly draft quotes
have bumper back to preparation
levels. The day alter the national exec<
tion, it was announced that during January, 1959, a total or 26,800 conscripts
would be infected.
On November 21, a “New York
Times” article indicated that the numd
bar or trustees with college degrees has
given from under 5% to 15%, since the
situation of most determines {or
graduate students. The situation for students may well get a good deal roughly
in the spring. Selective Service officials
predicted that students would make up
as much as 90% of the draft callrupa
in many states. The defense department
said 63% of the total 240,000 predicted
for 196869 would be students. so [at [his
has not been taking place due to politics. Under present draft regulations;
the oldest males are first to go, and
grad students newly classified l—A and
perfect targets.
In October, General Hershey suggested to state Selective Service dirty
toys that local boards portions the in»
auction orders oi graduate students until the end of the term during which the
order is received.
Congress and grant Laws — Senator
Philip A. Hart (D-rich.). in a speech
to [he fall session of the Yale University
Political Union, has discussed the idea
or a volunteer army as “beautifully affordable” and tried instead the adoption of national service as an automotive to military service. Hart proposed
a system in which draft restaurants
would be given three choices: volunteering for three years of national service
in such organizations as the Peace
Corps or VISTA, or, entering a "prime
selection group" from which one could
be granted-as-needed for a 21/2 year term
or service. Those entering the prime selection group would remain in the group
for one year and would be subject to
call based upon a lottery system. Capitol Hill sources report that a major draft
reform bill will be introduced in the 915:
Congress by Hart and other senators.
perhaps embodying I-{art' 5 “threechoice” proposal.
Grinnell Draft information Center
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3777
E. ]. lenses. 0.0.
OFTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Closed hours. PM.
and Sat. PM.
 
Page Silt
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. January 3|. I96?
 
 
News Briefs
Scholarship Awarded
Lynn Adams, '70, is one of 82 wilego
students selected by The Newspaper
Fund to receive $500 scholarships after
a summer of work as beginning report‘
era. The interim will secure their own
jobs and will be paid regular newspaper
water for summer reporting. The insert
program is designed to give each student at least 10 weeks of practical
knowledge and experience in news reporting.
u o a
Playboy Arrives
price proper, a representative from
Playboy, wiki be on campus Wednesday,
Feb. 5. {lo will meet with the R. cfr
in the attempts and conduct a treewheeling discussion in the South Lounge
at 8:00.
sec
alert. starting
Pterodnctyl starting to death!
makers, buyers wanted {or make sale to
feed our beast. You still have time to
make something! Deliver the goods to
140G East Street, call 5-6971 for pickup
service, or bring your wales 10 Quad or
Cowles between 9—ll a.m. Saturday.
Buy cookies all day tomorrow at Quad
and Comics.
56A Position:
The following positions are open to students in: the second semester in the
Student Government:
Two position: on the Student Senate.
Ono position on the PPPE Advisory
Committee, positions on the Ad line
Book Store Committee. the Library Committee. and the Initiative Fund Commit-
‘09.
People interested contact Tom TripIett. Tom Thomas, or drop a note in the
SGA mail box.
000
interesting Announced
Michael Brandon, ‘70 and Steven Otto,
’11 will be the Political Reporter returns
this semester. Brandon will insert with
the Associated Press and Otto with the
United Press International. Beginning
Feb. 3. the interim will spend one whole
day each week for ten weeks in Des
points, dividend their time between the
Iowa General Assembly and the down—
town offices DI the Wire services.
out
Double Feature
This Sunday there will be a showing
oi two films in A. R. H.
5:00 The Pawnbroker-
8:30 Beauty and the Beast
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
1534336 923 Broad
Rosenfield Lectures
mostly Disappointment
By RON SIEINIIORN
One thousand dollars was the price
paid to Rosenl‘held lectures Glen 11 Seaborg for two disappointing lectures.
Though his stated purpose was to Show
the relationship oi atomic energy to
the International situation, Seaborg only
obviously covered this topic.
Wednesday night‘l lecture was an
enumerstiou at post accomplishments
OI the AEC DI which Seaborg I! Chair‘mon. International Atomic Energy transmission, the possible peaceful uses of
atomic now”, and mixture applications
of atomic power. Impressive as these
achievements are, anyone could find
them in an encyclopedia. It this was
not being corresponding enough, his al<
tilillie toward the Soviet nuclear scientists at a first meeting with them in
1955 was corresponding, He was amazon
to find they were “real people very
much like ourselves.” While the drama
oi the cﬂsequences must have been real.
Seaborg failed to mention the opposition
to this conference Within the U,S.. as
well as our desperate efforts tn create
a nuclear supervision over the lesbians
at the time. He further disregarded
U.S actions when he explained why the
U. r-Soviet agreement oi 1968 to exchange scientific information was not
approved by the (1.5., because “oi
course, the tragedy of the Czechoslovakian invasion" made it Impossible.
He forgot about v.5. involvement in
Vietnam which the lesbians saw ﬁt to
ignore in 1904 when they implemented
a similar agreement with us.
The second lecture was saved from
being such a complete disaster by at
least being relevant. Seaborg dealt with
the Nuclear Non-Proliiemtioin treaty, international checks, and the ability of the
highly industrial nations to produce
nuclear weapons now and in the
near nature. He was at his best
when he was able to bring his technical, rather than administrative point
of View to hear on these questions. but
failed too often to bring across this point
0! view.
What he did not say was most reveallug. He spoke about Us. predictions in
the prevention of use of interactive
items for weapons when sold to other
countries. but did not indicate treat the
[1.5. was going to stop making nuclear
weapons. Also unexplained was US. aid
in the use of nuclear executives to build
a harbor in Australia, and die lack of
(1.5. relations with the nuclear power.
Red China.
Perhaps having a big name speaker
like Seaborg was a good thing for college publicity, but for the audience ho
was highly unsatisfactory. The choice at
I scientist I! not objectionable, but Seaborg's limited treatment or such an important topic was disappointing.
) Perspectives
(($th from Page 2)
role of the mass media, the American
economy and the military machine. and
other important aspects of the United
States' thought and action. This will be
done with the intention of presenting
facts not usually reported by the mass
media.
! hope that the ideas presented herein
will be thought over and not trusted
aside. If there is to be a social revolution within the U.S., the place to begin
I! within the minds of the people. I sincerely hope that some steps can be taken towards this revolution through the
presentation of new (acts and ideas withIn this column.
 
SPECIAL
25% on: _
ON ALL PIECES OF
' AMERICAN TOURISTER
"TIARA"
LUGGAGE
IN STOCK
notes
Fitted Overnight:
Train Cases
Weekends
coleman:
hardcover
Green
Blue
charles
White
dawn
counters 4n Ave. sessions, Inc.
GRINNELL'S COMPLETE
STYLE SHOP FOR WOMEN
SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY
Store
Noon 'Til 9 bondage; 9
Hours:
"III 5 Tuesday their Saturday
 
gentleman reward
IT'S BROWN'S ANNUAL
LADIES' SHOPPING SPREE
$300“... for 3 Days
‘I’flat's right for only $3.00 a pair you can have your selection of ladies' shoes located or: special racks
for your convenience. Values '0 $15.00: Starts Friday. Jan. 3] “tr Monday. Feb. 3
SPECIAL RACKS
$5.00 Ind 57.00 rack: on famous brand name shoes. values to $15.00. all slxu. colors. styles.
BROWN'S LADIES' SHOPPING SPREE
THE
FAMILY
SHOE
STORE
HOURS
only mi mo PM.
 
January 3 I, I969
XCARLET AND BLACK
SPORTS
Struggle Pays Off
Last Saturday, Grinnell’s "struggling"
wrestling oonm’used their individual winning records, ﬁending a triple duo in Wismnsin. Three Iowa cards, Grinncll, Cornell. and joe, wrestled each of three
Wisconsin teams, Beloit, simon, and
law-hence. Grinnell's Kraitsik, Laden,
click. model, Wedding. and human
were all interested in their three
matches at the meet, While Kawahara
and buildings each had two Wins
and one defeat. these victorian enabled
Grinnell {9 remain interested in the conference. Kraitsi‘il’. and Wedding both retain ma'r 6-0 records making ﬂher prime
computers for conference championships
in meirweight divisions.
Coach combo should be highly wm—
decided for holding eight wrestling into
nﬁneteamuiathasagmdshotattha
conference championship. Obviously undammed in every "meet. the wrestling
still continue their winning ways. The
teammanimportanthomedwthls
Saturday at 4:00 pm in Badly gym.
Frosll Victory
ﬁlay night, the Freshman Basketball Team won their ﬁrss game of the
season by heating Knox’s freshman 5856. The Freshman, now 1-1 for the season, are led by 8-8 Bob current at center,
63 Gilbert and 613 Meyer at the forwards, and $1 combining and 6-1 Hirsch
at the guards.
The Fresh are like the Pioneers in
that they are good shoppers but weak
on science and responding. This was
reﬂenter in the high score of their 92-91
overcome loss. Primarily, their main
problem is a lack of conditioning caused
by a six—week layout.
Originally, Coach Boyd planned on
using a slow offense, and a man to man
defense with a press as the team got
into condition, bu‘ the Freshman beat
Knox by playing very strong effectively
while playing weekly on onensc. This
may cause Coach Boyd to recognized his
strategy for the Friday game against
Cornell.
Pioneers Miss By One
Tuesday‘s heart-stopping 5953 1055 to
Knox gave the Grinncll College Pioneer
basketball team an o7 conference re—
cord. attempting to improve his team,
Coach powers has showed down the Grinnell offense. This strategy change was
panu'may mponslble for the close scores
oi the Cornell and Knox games
However, in the Knox game, despite
the strategy change, problems with defense responding and consistency of play
were still present. In the first half. Grinhell was awareness for four and a half
minutes and made only 30% of their
shots. in outuebounding the Pioneers 1911, Knox, on many occasions, had three
or tour players banking aminst one or
zero Pioneers under Grinnell's offensive
basket.
in the second half. the situation was
reserved. The Gninnell defense held Knox
to two points in five and a half minutes.
while the “sense scared ten points to
give Grimell the lead. The Pioneers
tied Knox in responding but they still lost
it few because of important cooperation
under the boards. Gl‘irulell's guards,
wireless in the first half, scored thirteen
crucial points in the second half.
The second half of the Knox game
showed Gninnelll's potential. if this improving team can establish assistance
or play, it could win the majority of their
relating games. whatever happen.
everyone should come to the games on
Friday and Saturday because they Will
be very good, just like the Knox game.
"NOT SINCE WATERLOO
have swedish Sorted themselves with martial dcedsJ No
one seemed to suffer print/
Watching denmark rape the
DancaJ Similarly; Sweden
possess' When the crazy
raised massive Nor did
Norway’s awful rate/ Malrc
the Swedish escalath
Finally, they’ve struck u
law” s..,._ r». . m zuvv given’xrecogm'r» miller'“‘i”‘r’r2
my..." links?”N'. v. low. M'
Page Seven
Student Considers Future of Music Dept.
By ANN KIRSCHNER
This seems to be a bad year for string
quarters: the world is losing the budapest and Griinnelll is losing the xerox.
However, the world will continue to survive, and it is now up to the music (department of me college to gather up its
resources and prepare to go it alone,
without the educational and performance
skills of the Messrs. Marsh, Pettys, Mc<
Call and perth.
There is no doubt that the below has
been a drawing card for many students.
both prospective music motors and oth
'era, and undoubtedly some processors.
swingers feel
plymouth Defeat
The plymouth College swimming
team detected Grinnell 48 to 47 on January Z5. Grinnell was never behind till
the last event. plymouth lost no dual
meets last year, and they have four
excellent swingers back. However.
they lack depth and young swingers.
Grillnell’s team is stronger than ever
before. It is a young team, having but
one senior, a levy of seniors, and six
sophomores.
Grinnell swiss Beloit and Lawrence at
home 4:00 pm. January 3i and 1:30
pm. February 1.
plymouth 48,
Grinnell 47
AW MEDLEY RELAY: l. Grinneil (\village, Meyer. Dale, Gordon) 4151.4
mo plymouth rntryi
zoo FREE. l. Lloyd M) 1:5”; 2. McElam (c). a. Young (M)
5n FREE l. eastern (M) 22.5 (new
plymouth pool records; 2 collins
((37 22.3 (new Grinneli school relay); 1. Kuye (M)
zoo lNDlVlDUAL MEDLEY: l. Meyer
(G) z:l4,7 (new prince school teen
on“. 2. Diem (M); a. m (G)
DlVlNG: l. rronlich (at 165.5; 2, Smith
(M): a graham (at
BUTFERFLY l. Williams (Gl 2:221; 2.
clinton (M); 3. pair to)
low runs: l. ursu-non (M) 5m; 2, Rollllls (Gt. 3. Kaye (M)
you FREE. I. Cluylon 5:535 (M.
plain (G); J. Klufmnn (G)
zen nncnsruoxn. l. Lloyd (M) 2.25.2;
2. rummslsou (M); l. Swackhamzr
(G)
zoo unznsrsrnont:
2 seekers (G): HEW]: (M)
(00 FREE RELAY: I. plymouth (last.
ryan, Lloyd, clinton. Diem) 3.34.1
l. Meyer is) 138.5;
 
Would You Join Us
Sunday For A Fine Meal?
We're Open From 8 am. Till 2 pm.
Just For You
TOM'S LONGHORN
"FINE FOOD m A FRIENDLY WESTERN ATMOSPHERE"
and there is no question that it has entitled the artistic life of the college in
general, and the education of the music
students in particular. In fact the xerox
has had such an amp-ant on the musical
life of Grinnell that it is more or less
being assigned that a comparable instructional group will be hired in its
place. However, without meaning to desperate the worth of die quarter, i think
it would be instruction and highly gene—
social to the entire college community to
consider the alternatives to a setup such
as has existed with the xerox.
Several ideas Come to mind in thinking
of ways to enhance the music curriculum
and extracurricular when‘nhs at Gr' well. For instance, why not extend in options L0 musicians of various idioms.
such as locations, connectors, brass play<
era, etc. to participate in brief midsutlal programs. such that at least one different musician will be in residence at
Grirmell each year? This could be com—
sample tn the exchange program in
which the theatre department is participating with the Milwaukee directory
Theatre under a Rockerfeller Fund
grant. The musicianunqesidenoe for the
summer or year would teach a course.
give resetﬂs. hold workshops. and generally be available in all interested retailers of the college community.
Other suggestions that have come up
include expanding the contact“: so
as to given'fy the annual presentations.
Another idea is to hire three or four people who are primarily music attraction.
out who would. of course. also he competent performing. The emphasis hero
would be on encouraging more student
performances. with this program, it
would su'll be ﬁnaturally possible to expand the concert series, supplementing it
won lesser-known performing who would
lie willing to give lectures as well 3:
concerts.
The music department is underlying
comprehensive generations for next year.
with more curriculum emphasis being
given to course offerings of a non-tech—
local nature shared to non-music students who have a desire to enlarge their
music education, but who have run had
sunﬁevent prerequisites to scroll in currently » offered music courses.
A reappraisal of the role or the entire music department on this campus
mold make that department one of the
stainless in the college. it is an opportunity that should not be bypassed.
{—I—J
Skating Lessons
Offered
Anyone interested in getting their
minor in figure skating and/or learning
the basics ol lo: skating. show up at
the link bondage through Friday: from
12:45 - 1:45 (weather condition! submitting). Jean Kummervw will begin teaching Monday. February 3. it you have
any questions call loan at extension 572.
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
avi Main
Ma... . Sat. 5 to la pm.
Sunday # Noon to lo p.m.
 
Page Eight
Dems. recommend
0n the weekend of January 25th and
26th, Mr. Gilmour, Mika diesel, and god
Friedlander participated in a conference
held in Iowa City to develop a blueprint
for the future of the Iowa Democratic
Party. The conference was attended by
about mighty of the state's leading Democrats — including eur-governor Bob button, eur—treasurer Paul Franzenhurg,
.compression John silver, and legislative leaders Bill cannon and Andrew
Frommelt.
The party is usually considered as
part of "the Establishment." however
Democrats of all viewpoints were illvited to take part in the review of the
party, and the young "radical minerals"
were given an equal voice. At the close
of the conference, those spending were
divided into general area task forces in
which they are to propose specific recommendations for change, and qualifications for them.
I found cause for both hope and disney in the conference. Thu hope lies in
the fact that the conference was called
and more will follow, and in the strong
possibility that many needed and helpful changes will be institutes. The disney prices from the built»in limitations
of the conference: the young, the Black,
and the poor are not party “leaders."
More representatives of these groups
should be present to mold the party into
a more meaningful and relevant spokesman for the people of this country.
m
Indian Seeks
C.O. Siaius
San Francisco (CPS) — when he was
granted, Donald H. britain, a Navajo
youth, wrote his draft board, “I am an
American Indian. I do not want to be
draft .”
Eleven months later he went on trial
in a court here, cleaning that a iooyearold treaty between the Navajo nation and
the United States says the Indians “will
never kill or scale white men nor at«
tampa to do them harm."
britain also said he is a followed of the
Great Spirit, who teaches that men
should not kill other men, and thus is
entitled to contributions director status.
“That is the way i live," he said.
But an all-white jury convicted britain
Di induction refused. He will be sentences
next month by Judge Lloyd Burke, who
seemed to be troubled by the jury’s service. “There were some peculiar circumstances, not usually encountered, in
this case," he said. “The service probably reﬂacts the attitude of the community
as a whole."
SWEDE'S
GRINNELL
LAUNDRY
serving april Campus
Cleaning Agencies
We specialist In
Shirts & blacks
Skirts & classes
'I-DAV SERVICE
Home Owned 8r
Managed
SCARLET AND BLACK
Latest On KDIC
KDIC, the campus radio station, is
now fully licensed to operate by the
Federal Communications Commission.
The “temporary broadcast authority"
has been replaced by a 10 watt educational FM license, good for three years.
Broadcasting at 89.5 megacycles on the
FM band, KDIC will be on the air daily
from nine am. to at least one am, and
Sundays from eleven to one. Classical
music will be broadcast four days a
week, from 1 pm. to 4 pm. and from
3:30 pm. to 10:30 pm. jazz is played
in the late evening on bondage and
Tuesdays, and rock and folk alternate
in the earnings and at sometimes. Saturday will again be mostly rock. Several
all-night allows. starting at i. am. are
another continuing feature.
The “special programs”, scheduled
horn 4 pm. to e p.111. and mo in 3:30
on weekends, an expected to improve
over last semester's. Due to the continuing lack or cooperation from the administration, ”nursing Place” will be
dropped as a regular texture. Among the
highlights at this semester will be several series of programs from the Canadian
Broadcasting Cooperation, including lectures, both single and serialized dramatic
programs, and documentation. KDIC
will also be broadcasting special programs from Radio Netherlands. the
French Radio System (yes. “Patricia in
Paris" will continued), and the Pan:
American Union. Also scheduled for this
semester are a series or italian operas.
and a documentary series on italian
film—making. A complete schedule of
special program will appear regularly
In the 55:3.
KDIC Schedule
Jan. 31 - Feb. 7
Joli. al — 7:25 Basketball live rebel
party — privilege vs. Cornell
Feb. l —. 1:25 Live basketball brown
party Gym ~ Grinnell vs. Florida
Presbyterian
ran. 2 — mo cal santa _ Italian Opera
series
7:30 . ho him winners” _ adventure h "Tile Case ot the rugby
checks”
Feb, 3 — 4:00 “who Were the Ones" L
plants and song nbnur Canadian
Indians
4:15 Dutch Foikiore deliver
mo French Music and French full.
class _ multi
7.30 RCplay oi' the Klrkendall Sex
Lecture “premarital Sex and international Relationships ..
Feb 4 _ gnu Lecture sent-s — John
Kenneth crlbrnllh "The colleges or
animation" —- part 1
43a 1967 Expo Lecture: Dr. Barbara
Ward intense economics] "a New
History”
We The SGA Show (topic to be announced)
Feb. 5 ma Replay of first Rosenield
Lecture by Glenn Seaborg
ma "electrical Colloquium" — an.
hour documentary on the international
Conference on the Theater held nt
15pr 67. featuring theater experts
iron on over the world.
Feb. o — 4:00 France Applauds — Contemporary popular French music
4:30 Five centuries of Dutch music
man New Folks in Town — talk music
series
Feb. 7 —- (:oo sun-American Concert .1
featuring artists from the countries o
the Fan-American Union
1:25 Live basketball learn party
It’s
THE VARSITY
NEWSSTAND
FOR
SMOKES,
SNACKS,
BOOKS.
Friday, January 3i} 1%!
Do You Lead a Dog's Life?
By LEE MARIE
There are three distinct types or Grinnell dogs, the town dog. the college dog.
and the import. I will focus my attention
on the latter two, with the specific intention that the average student often
ignored the indigenous variety in favor of
the educated consider and the additions
insider. By no means do I mean to offers the town dog, it is merely that. I
teen that a detailed description is not
within the scope or intent of this article.
The dog which you might see before
you playing in the snow is not there by
chance. Rather, one might say. he is
predictions by his superior environment
and senate intelligence. Born of middle
or upper-middle class parents. he now
turning translate: toward non-athletic.
intellectual investors. He speeds his
early childhood not as a car-chosen, but
as a time-motion expert. He is interested
in the shoe as an synthetic piece or leather whose function varies with its owner.
Sam the dog is a typical example. Ailensted from his peers, designed by his
family, he finds peace and source in the
NUDES NEEDED
By JONATHAN STEIN
"plant they were naked —- and they
were assumed." How did it come to
Pass that this r-qnnber sound himself
sitting in an art class drawing a betty
young thing who was dressed in replace lectures, knee-high black boots, and
holding a trained ship?
It should be noted at this point that the
reporter thought he attended a small itberaiarte college, not a seminars.
Why can't art classes use nude models
for figures studies? What objectives will
be raised it an ant student wishes to
study the beauty or the human form?
Perhaps our Public Relations Dept.
will tear destruction o! town-student,
student-teacher, teacher—town, stridentstudellt, and many other relationships.
Our “totals" Dept. will surely be illfiamEd. This reporter asked himself how
he would feel ii, while standing in a dinner-line. a girl he had been drawing only
a few hours before. came up to him and
tried to cut in line. These and other lbs
sections, of questionable validity, will be
used to raoionalize the lack of nude
models. However, even if the model must
be imported from out of town and the
college spend a few extra dollars, nothing
can justify the graduation oi an art
major without exposure to this for-m of
art.
Just think: Had there been nude mod
mls in 1960. the open form issue might
never have driven.
isolation which Grinneli College offers.
He is seldom hungry, he geneﬁts enormously from the library (much the same
as a contact high), and he is a confirmed
user of the career Plaza ice link ("YeahI
I state, what's it to you?"). He corn.
monte on Saga good, “well, it you close
your eyes We not so bad, and besides,:
you can eat all the vegetables you want. .
This reporter found it very hard to in.
service the import. Seldom to be found
in class. in forum garbage cars, or the
newspaper rack in the library, this
unique type of dog prefers to remain in
his out~campus spelling. Beulah the dog,
however, was an exception. I found has.
units a conversationulist and although it
took several bears before she loosened
up, it was worth the effort. Beulah comes
to us from Oklahoman she still receivers dustbowl times when her parental
so she was told, were sites mistakes for
hobbies. Such experiences have intense
tied her desire to “improve her mind"
and “get ahead" in the real world. She
ll very glad she is at Grinneil and. be- :
ﬂavon that “what prince'll can offer I
serious student" should not be tax
lighter. Although Beulah seldom comes
on campus during the day, she does
make it to the xerox concertS. "aspects
ally now that they're leaving." About
school in general she replied, “If they're
going to act ‘ln logo parental.’ then
why don’t they cook like my mother?"
Her relations with town dogs worry her
but while she finds it very hard to come
munlcate. "i find that they're dogs like
everyone else."
No story would he complete without a
conclusion, so in conclusion I find it apr'
programme to quote the oldest dog east
or the Mississippi. functional "Do you
find being a dog at Grinneli personally
satisfying?" answers “Well, to tell you
the truth, it's not paradise lost."
military
career Shop
files .may
low 4th Ave.
 
SPECIAL
THIS WEEK!
AND THE NEXT. AND THE NEXT. AND THI NEXT,
OUR PIZZA is ALWAYS SPECIAL". TRY IT SOMETIMI. YOUR
PLACE OR OURS'I.
AHRVANO'S PIZZA
Tom 8r betty harrison
ADDRESS HERE:
235-6222
 
