GRINNELL COLLEGE
SCARLET 8e BLACK
THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
 
LXXVl
Grinnell. Iowa. Friday. February 2i.
1%?
No. l7,
 
Five clear
‘iloi Gui
Tuesday, at 3:15 am. Chief meters served substances on Henry Wilhelm and
Krystyna german. Kit order- was served a commons All were to appear in court
Thursday morning concerning the listening incident.
-V—-—-—————1
Radio Editorial Causes Controversy
On Tuesday, February 11 over KDIC
radio, Neil kitchen and Greg Schmidt
presented one of their iii-weekly news
directories, in which they comment
on various news events in a creative
Way.
Although numerous in intent, the show
was potentially fabulous to Henry Wilhelm whose role in the demonstration
against Playboy magazine was an
olyzed.
According to Greg Schmidt, this par
similar show “was intended to be a numerous commentary on the exploitation
oi protest resulting from the protest on
the exploitation of sexuality."
Upon hearing the editorial by kitchen
and Schmidt, Mrs. Prescott, director 0!
the information service, requested a
copy of the full text, on Thursday, she
sent the commentary, as “a point of information only” it) the AP and UPI wire
services, KGRN radio, the Des points
Register, the Herald Register, and the
charles and Black, Mrs. Prescott stated
that the editorial was a “potential take
at for outside news.” therefore she
est, it was desirable that the complete
document be made available in order
to be “protective of everybody con-
¢eyed." She was afraid that an inexperienced reporter would take isolated
quotes out of their proper context. On
Thursday, A? wire service contacted
Henry Wilhelm, who had not heard the
broadcast but read it in the copy sent
y Mrs. Prescott to the S and B office.
ilhelm denied charges that he had
organized the protest against Playboy
magazine.
. The following paragraphs appeared in
the Saturday Des points Register. "An
editorial, written by Neil kitchen, a
Denver, solo. senior, was broadcast over
radio station KDIC-FM, the college-
;w weed station, accounting photographer
enry Wilhelm of Grinnelir Wilhelm
denied kitchen’ 5 charges. Wilhelm said
that he was aware the protest was going
to occur but said that he "was definitely
not the organizer."
On Friday, A1 Cloud, station manager
of KDIC released a statement (tom the
editorial board of KDIC station that the
commentary read by Neil kitchen on
February ll was kitchen’s personal
CONTROVERSY—
Continued Page 7, Column 4
ty' to innocent Exposure
20 Subpoenaed, ll destiny at Hearing;
Case to Go to District Court or Grand Jury
By MICHAEL BRANDON
areas of not guilty were entered in the
Court of the Justice at the Peace center<
day for five GrinnBii students who face
charges of innocent exposure sterling
from the February 5 nude demonstration against Playboy magazine. The
press were entered for the dependence
by Des points attorney Lawrence Le
Tourneau at a preliminary hearing which
was held in the Grinnell Police and
Fire Department building battle Justice
of the Peace admin Lincoln.
The students being procedures by
Poweshiek County Attorney Michael
which are Catherine R. order, of Allen
Park, rich; Mary Malmlrn of Oklahoma Oil Fredricka A. Nelson, of Brooklyn, 1a., James D. Rudolf, oi Elmhurst,
illinois; and arena s. pepper, of Brooklyn, N.Y. All at the students are seniors
except Miss pepper, who is a freshman.
At the outlet of the hearing the defense waiver its right to a preliminary
hearing, thereby containing testimony
by the attendance until the case is
tried, The case will now go before the
Poweshiek County District Court in
Montezuma. No date has been set for
the trial.
County Attorney which called a total
 
Mrs, Low fails with other surrounded witnesses at the police station Thursday
morning. They were called to ‘give evidence regarding the Feb. 5 incident in
Gates Lounge.
 
Leggeii in 1966
Playboy Called ”Printed Aphrodisiac“
011 October 5, 1966 after attending his
first meeting of the ADM as president of
Grinneil, suggest made the following
statement in reaction to a speech given
at the meeting:
"I can agree that it might be interesting to bring Playboy into the classroom
as a sociological document; maybe it is
part of the liberal education of our slut
cents. But somewhere toward the end
of the class hour we ought to have arrived at the point of saying that Playboy
is essentially a printed aphrodisiac for
dirty old men and [or stainless young
men who will grow into dirty old men
it they continue to think that women are
so simple and sex so free and clear."
“All this may seem far removed from
student value systems and student unless but my point is that I think our job
in undergraduate liberal arts colleges is
to create an environment that will permit the development oi effective and responsible value systems in our students,
and that this belief ought to be the conditioning agent in out attitudes toward
our various constitutional, oi which
students, or course, an the chief."
of eleven witnesses to testing at the
ﬁve hour hearing. Under Iowa law the
proposition may elect to call witnesses
to testing despite a defense waiver of
the right to a preliminary hearing, Sub.
points issued by Justice of the Peace
Lincoln were served on a total of twenty
people at the request of the proposition.
Several of the shipments were Issued
only hours before the witnesses were
ordered to appear.
Among those persons who certified at
the hearing were Dean of Students Alice
HELP
Mary calcium is trying to
compile a list of all those present
at the Gates Hall demonstration.
Please put your name in box 646
or call ext. 355 if you were there.
it may be helpful in the defense.
Low, and Assistant means Douglas Ensa
finger and music Angenti. James Carr.
an employee oi United Press International in Des points, emerald from the
court room after twenty minutes of
resulting and remained, “What a force!"
Grinnell Police Chief Bill meters and
Grinnell detective Larry Ray were the
first two witnesses called by which.
Photographers Henry Wilhelm and Krystyna german were also called to testing
before a noon access. Grinnell students
called to testing were S.G.A. President
Tom Thomas, 5&1! Editor Susan Kaeser,
and Jim new.
Shortly after Chief meters, the first
witness, began his testimony, the counsel [or the defense made a motion that
the countries be cleared 01 all specta.
toys and newsmen. Justice of the Peace
Lincoln granted the motion and newsmen
were barrel from the countries for the
remainder of the proceedings.
The five dependence have retained
Des dollars attorney Dan Johnston as
their counsel, but Le Tourneau, his partner, handled the defense yesterday be<
cause Johnston had a speaking engage<
ment in another state. Johnston is the
Democrat who was detected by Attorney
General Richard Turner in the last 9130‘
tion.
Asked whether he had produced
enough evidence during the hearing to
ensure a conviction, County Attorney
which said, “You always hope you have
but you never know." which was aid
in yesterday's proposition by Assistant
Attorney General Douglas jackson and
Robert divine of the Attorney General'l
office,
At the close of the hearing the state
tested its case and a routine motion by
defense that charges be dropped will
denied. After the hearing Le Tourneau
commented that the purpose of pro<
feeding with the hearing despite the defense waiver was to provide the prove:
action with "just more information"
than it already had,
Persons surrounded and supposed t]
HEARING—continued on Page I. Column I
 
v.9. Two
‘ EDITORIAL
SCAR I? AND HACK
W
Notes from the Crinnell Police and Fire Station
The fire trucks, cards, brisbane set, easy chairs, and color
TV in the garage at the fire station were all very much enjoyed
by those waiting to appear in court (held in the Recreation Room)
:for the preliminary hearing for those involved in the listening
incident. The perfect brisbane band hanging on the wall next to
the TV was especially interesting to Dean Low and the other
guests The museum-piece fire equipment was also interesting.
Our thanks to Police Chief meters and the Fire Department for
their hospitality.
This players environment helped relax the tension created
by the entrance of the outside world, in the form of the Attorney
General’s men, into our peaceful Grinnell existence. For the
ﬁrss time since the Gates event the abstracts of the investigation
could not be ignored or missed by anyone, The big moment the
investigation had been working for, the newspapers have headlines, TV has filled, and students have become paranoid about,
ﬁrally arrived in all its ridiculous glory.
It is more apparent than ever that politicians and the press,
those groups so concerned with the protest, are themselves motivated by a Playboy sort of commercialism. Unfortunately, a demonstration against this group is a bit difficult at this point.
Susan Kaesor
Fun WIS Ind by all at the Grinnell Police and Fin station.
 
|’____—_—*_
“Come on, People, Now . . .
By LEE MAIUL
Now, I am not one to defend the state
of Iowa, or any other state for that mat—
her, but as the dirty business of the
Playboy protest races toward a final des-
donation which, as one Can now forever.
ls probably in exactly the wrong desired
direction, Grinnell students continue to
walk to class with their faces buried in
their costs (and not because it‘s cold) or
blues to the back of the body in front of
them. In short, when these various
forces fall off a dark precision into the
shadows below, then, my friends, it Will
he too late to say in a weekends voice,
“Well, yes, maybe things have gone a
little tﬂO car."
The point here is that we as students,
kids, middle class good guys, achieving,
future people of the world, etc, we, in
general, should be opening our months a
little wider and living our nice, preferred, carefully - carey - for » teeth
trouble words that get beyond signing
I petition, or feeling that Grinnell’s
image has been furnished (an impossible
thing to do), or burning in the lunch line.
Add to this Such things as badminton.
the student senate, grave, and this did»
dley— shop that passes for weather and
yes, godvhelp-me, i hope he's not looking, I, 100, would take off my clothes
but not for Hugh (he has enough problems), but for the 1050 students who
didn't take their clothes off and haven't
on: their own bodies for a month.
91
Now, anyone that saw the ten-man
house-house brass band last weekend,
which was the funniest thing i’ve seen
for a long time, workers at the controlled obscenity that passed for a band
and the gentle job that passed for
banners. The last time I saw my body
was in the shower this morning, and as
I looked at it I thought of ten people
singing “You’ve Got to Walk Thai Lone
some Valley." The connection here being that if you missed the point in what
these people were trying to say then
you rank with the attorney general’s of—
file, the barbara (?) french, french
cum, and even the seven girls who
wrote that mother-where-are-you letter
to the editor last week. About that letter
I am still thinking, it keeps me aware
at night, and even during badminton,
my brain shorts, “see, girls, you sure
are shell, yes, you sure are shell, true
Grinnell apple~pie girls, yes, yes, yes."
Now, while those ten people may not
have pushed through the job-web academic ivy which compounds this school,
at least, they've pushed through my ivy,
and the banner is given on the ﬂagpole,
that long. thin, silver thing in 1an or
the forum, which things on all who walk
by. And on this old banner reads my
moral {or your life time, he the ten processors are not, in my opinion, observe,
but Grinnell College is, And I’m not
talking about mining this poor old college': image and start carrying about
this poor- old college.
lElTERS
College Exists for Students
home Editor:
The differences of the last few weeks
on this campus and elsewhere lead me
to make the following comments. (1) A
college exists for the sake of the students,
but students don’t exist for the sake of
the college. It seems, therefore. that the
college must take a greater responsibility ’or its student-oriented actions than a
group of students should for their collegeoriented actions.
(2) it appears that those who concern
my action on the pan of the student
body which might bring adverse publicity
to the college are in reality asking for a
completely straight campus, and perhaps one without any students. For we
all know that the student is generally
held in very low esteem by society and
my action, statement, or appearance of
a student or student group which is even
flights at odds with what our society
presently demands can only bring nd—
verse publicity to the college of attendance.
(3) Any college which fears for its life
because of a bit of adverse publicity
would perhaps in reality fear for its lite
because of its own liability to survive.
This might reply that such a college is itrelevant to its students and that it has
nothing bi value that should even man<
date its survival.
(4) Any individual or institution that
reasons that every action and statement
must be carefully thought out as lo all
its possible and charitable implications
and consequences before implementing
that statement or action must be male
rated to its own particular hell of reaction.
(5) I would indicate to the student body
that experience now tells us that the
single voice, or even the dozen voices,
really never has much of an effect on
the institutionalized establishment. It is
becoming more and more obvious that
there is strength only in numbers. I
would therefore counsel you (in the
floral) that the ultimate goals of your
education must be established by you
and it must be done in mass. It is about
time that you all tell us what is relevant to you and what direction you want
your educational experience as take. 0r,
must oriental College really fear that
adverse publicity?
(6) Since we have now cached the
point in the evolution of our society at
which dialogues between the establishment and anti-establishment sections are
not only unsuccessful but also discouraged, I now see the rationale for
mass action. it appears, in this context, that America and most specially
American colleges are delivering a
period or the dark ages, exemplified by
its witch-hints, its liability to indicate,
and its lack of desire to either change.
The charles & Black
spam Newspaper of
Grinnell College.
Grinnell. Iowa
An independent news-
[“1 paper published weekly,
a... ”g except during holidays
, and cxnmmnhon periods,
9: lg by 'mhz Grinnell Com‘
“Um/3N1
mine: on Student Publicnmyns. suhsmnuon
rat: $6.00 per school
our.
door c
as; cum:
M an Editor
Aisoclalt mm
SUSAN KAESER
nucn smom
.mLL RAFFERTY
, navy scan
copy rduor same ANDREW
spank Edllor won STOAKLEY
Cnlet rhormphs mvrn LINDBLOM
Reporters .. .. Michael london,
funny null, full rrohiich, Ted click.
u mph. holly failure,
Jam nil-Ii. Muri- Mom.
In launch-u, uni-1 link .
Friday. February H. ”M,
m:
or modify. its existing mm in order
to either improve or simply nav education more relevant
(7) I agree and complement, ﬁt whatever it's worth, the motivated of the
demonstration group. However, I do not
as yet have enough information to either
console or canon their mom. They
should at least be complimented on has
ing the courage of their connections,
which the rest of us all too often lack.
it appears that they also have I: course: to accept responsibility but to; their
words and their aeuons, another quality
that too many of no lack.
sea- Puma
International Suppali
! February 1*
ﬂ Blvd. St. Mimi
Paris 5. France
Dear- Editor:
We in Paris are pleased to him! that
the students at Grinneil are not only
concerned with important ”menu like
open forms, but are listing their
patents to issue: such a "full in
packaging.”
Your: from
Margaret no:
Editor’s roll:
This letter was accompanied by all
article explaining the Playboy protest
from the International Herald Tribune
(Paris), which is published country by
The New York Times, The Won
Post, and John Hay britney, ion-her
publisher of The New York M tribune.
Peaceful Revolution
To the Editor:
A suitable part of the radical movements seems to include a polidcal viewpoint of change; power, control, and fundamental systems 0! economics in general are common targets of attack. The
Establishment is the object 0! almost
automatically negative comments directed
by the radicals at Grinnell and anywhere.
Agreed, we need some change (revolution?) and political action. But there are
a. few areas that could be expanded and
more or less opened up in term. of viewpoints,
First oi all, the current'cal Ippmachll
“The system is all wrong." This kind at
rehabilitation is nearly as ever—stated
as saying everything is all right. When
you get down to actual mechanisms, any .
system, old or new, is going is have a
few problems which have to be worked
on —~ and after a new order is established it census very quickly to be new
and comes under attack like its predecessorl If it pictures ideas similar in
categorical content even though different
in actual policy, the new establishment,
too, is faulty.
Obviously, some systems are a lot better for certain people than others, but
the universal perception hr law of it is
at least doubllul. The pmblem with yesno categories is that neither one leaves
much choice to individuals When this
happens to anybody’s system. male's
rights to decide what they want to do are
being stopped on. A freedom movement
should be just that, not another categorical set of rules replacing the old ones
Not everybody potentially interested in
change is politicians oriented. u is possible to be not nearly as worried about the
structure of a government wiki its size
and functionality as you are with the
structure of your own 'world‘ and the
way you find it. Artists, posts, or musicians, for example, all have their own
ways of seeing things and communication
IEVOLU'HON
, Continued In: I. Col. 1
 
Friday, Foiﬁulry ll. "6‘
SCARLET AND BLACK
aug. Thu.
 
MORE lETTERS
Gray on charles and Black
Letter to the Editor:
It has been my policy, during
my tour years at Grinnell, to
air my fragrances primarily to
a small, but diminishing, group
or friends Having, however. acquired the excited rank of senior, I would like to take it upon
myself to comment upon the
quality. or lack of the same, at
writing and editing in the 5&3.
There are some publications
in which the style or writing
and content of the articles are
of such culture that one is
related to overcome occasional
technical errors in the presentation. This, alan, is not the
case with our student news
paper. While I realize that the
paper is put out by people who
are not necessarily actors
printed editors or journalists,
this cannon overshadow the fact
that the paper, with last week‘s
edition serving as a prime ex—
apple, was incredible poor in
its technica: aspects. While I do
not process to be a professional
proofreader, I counted 14 errors
of a surely technical nature.
included among these was the
misspelling of 9 words.
Some of the other, more
totally, errors included two incoherent series‘es and one that
was totally instead. In the former category was that classic,
"One student remained that it
} Revolution
Continued from Page 3
them. Different kinds of possibilities show their own in<
dividend ideas if given a chance
to, and may be anything but
political. But you begin to sense
that a lot oi people are saying
the same lands or things, only
in different ways. The structure
of (the) movement could proﬁb
nhly expand to include a few of
these drillﬂetlt viewpoints. You
might call it non—political reno<
action.
Roger brand
was the most meaningful demonstration as directed against
price proper, representative or
Playboy, was fairly inellecu
time." In the latter section came
the statement that President
suggest would select a dean
from either inside or outside the
college (Page 1, Column 1). But,
list l be accused oi nllpicking,
allow me to go on to examine
the content of the articles and
their point at View for, it seems
to me, a functioning oi this is
long average.
In the article “Implications
of Demonstration," it was noted
that members of the Woman’s
generation Movement and the
Guerilla Theater met to decide
on action to be taken to show
opposition to the Playboy value
system, David Bryan supported
the protest and the form that it
took. Apparently not considered
by either the calculators of the
protest or the author of the arts<
cle was the rather old~mentioned
play or discussing opposite
Viewpoins in order to allow
those listening to make individual value documents. 1, myself, do not agree with many
aspects oi the Playboy ethic
but it I were unable to attack
its galleries fully clothes, I
would consider my protest to be,
indeed, female
I would also like to comment
on the growing use of the protein “we" when the cingular
"I" would seem to be mom
correct, Included here are
David Bryan, , . we thank
you, people." and David Lindhlom, “We suggest that the
attorney general get the hell
out oi Grinuell College . . I,
personally, neither changed nor
suggested and I have talked
with many people who have had
trouble identified this external
"u ." I would suggest, in the
future, that care be taken to
present individual views as
such,
As long as i am sufficiently
our insulin
editions costs you
iiGi' advice?
Thii nl< it over, over coffee.
TitoThink Drink. my,
r.mom.m..v.run,.r m. lrM75rnndyzwumuollldrrnlo:
”window“ months window.“ v icons is.nowmncolmcn.
Money Needed
The five Grinnell students
being procedures by the State
of Iowa (or innocent exposure report that legal fees
and court Costs will cost
31200. To raise the needed
funds, benefit and donation
tables are being planned. On
Friday, Feb. 21, a folk and
rock concert and dance will
he held in the North Lounge
of the Forum. A donation
table is planned for the Dru
and Ann Concert, and donation centers will be set up
around campus. Donations
may also be placed in Box
No. 646.
inspired, allow me to comment
on the article on the sit»in at
the University or Chicago. I
was especially interested in the
four “non-negotiable” demands
of the students and the tactics
used to obtain their ends. It is,
it seems to me, a fine example
of the calcium oi the New Left.
This theory, that these students are not far-removed from
their generation in Berlin in the
1930's, is receiving much attention and consideration (all of
it coming, no doubt, team the
true Nazi pics). 1 was also
struck by the name of the organizing group of this little ‘committee of 85' I would
suppose they drew their inspiration from that liberal and hu<
monitoring ‘Committee of Public safety' which so efficiently
ran France alter their revolu<
tion.
There are other areas which
deserve comment but which a
lack of time and space force
me to pass by. Nonetheless i
hope that my comments may
provide some change in the
format at the 5&3.
Bill Gray
1969 ali”?
ll-translation
The ROYAL M
A real values Personal size.
length quality rM/AM portable
min provldcsrupcrh AM
voccplmn plus “drill like” FM
reception. FM/AM/FM-AFG
switch. FM and AM anlollnzs.
Uses a ptnhlr batteries. Ezlplloll! Jack.
W 9".
Iii/till silly‘l-illliill
portable radio
5" 995
VuelDVALI!
A mt your: ztmlh.
:npnu‘ldﬂ tit/m
more. utiw World“
J Xunublonnarld outriordultrcrsphor i2
. Iunedcliculls ﬂooulls on
one D-viii balls. Wlih earphone alignment.smile.y Indian in no box,
14!! ..,:?:i:';:;:";::...
deeper Music Go.
Across From Central Park
FIGHT
FOR
CLEA
THEMES!
Refuse anything but canon's comparable Bond Typewriter Paoerl
Mistakes danish. Even ﬁngerprints
disappear item the special surface.
An ordinary pencil fraser lets you
trade without a trace. Are you going to
stand in the way clclesnhness?
Get Ealorl's Cclrasable today, in light,
medium, heavy weights and
soc-sheet team boxes. At stationery
Stores and Departments.
Only canon makes Carrasable,®
EATON‘S CORRASABLE BOND YYPEWRI‘I’ER PAPER
canon Paper Company, Pitlsiield, Massachusetts 01201
 
 
. (file.
it '
K; wE PUTA LOT or
1y VHQﬂ/IE
lN OUR COOKING!
Guess we‘re old-mentioned, but we care
enough to cook our
own for you. Take our
salary, for example.
From garden-fresh ingredients to homepage dressing, our
salary are our very
own We begin With the cheapest dcwiesi vegetables.
Then we cut them carefully, combine them rendered
and top them with your choice of our own famous
Blue Cheese, Thousand Island or French greetings.
And when you taste the homepage difference in our
King's salary, we think your extra pleasure is worth
all our extra trouble.
Next lime you visit us, come back through'King's
Kitchen Doors and .see for yourself how we blend old-
'1assigned cooking with modern surroundings to mix
aperfect combination salad!
‘ Home of Friendly Fami/y Dining
\inch KING‘S Food Host U.S.A.
 
a Four
SCARLET AND BLACK
_____—_______—~—an—-——-————4
‘url'shell “Considers" Poverty
By KATHY butt
'A number of knowledgeable sources
believe that Grinnell is taking a step in
a relevant direction this spring. From
April 22-14 there will be a student initiated and organized poverty symposium,
right here under the spreading labelled
trees.
Dale klein, head of the symposium
Dom/little said that the idea was formed
when there was a lot of talk about open
forms and a lack of meaningful intellectual activity. ”No students from each
social science division are in the Committee Last semester thEy met once or
twice every week.
One of the main investigations of the
group was that this project would be
controlled completely by the students.
Mr. silver and Mr. Schwartz have been
advisory the group, but the students
have made all final decisions. The
faculty and administration have been entouragingly enthusiastic but have not
been directly involved.
The administration has been helpful
in getting funds for the program, but the
students have done the actual collecting.
Most of the money is coming from large
corporations and church organizations;
the college is not emerging any. any
speakers have been invited, but there
have been many refugees. Half of the
number desired have agreed to come.
There will be panels on the nature at
poverty, the black sub-culture, the government’s rule, and community organizing, and live lectures. In choosing the
participants the committee tried to combine academicians, community organizing, church leaders and antiestablishmentarians. They hope that the
guests can be treated to the traditional
coffee hours, interested student winners,
and will be able to stay in the forms.
when asked of what value an intel<
lecture symposium could be in dealing
with the problem of poverty, Mr. klein
said that, although there is not a lot we
can do at Grinneil, he hopes that this
will ultimate individuals to act and will
help to provide the knowledge and understanding of the problem that is necessary to attack it. He concerns that the
symposium can not provide the real understanding needed and that the best
education would be working and living
with poverty. But he feels that because
most students have middle class back-
grounds, they cannon invision what poverty means and they must find out before they can act. Concerning the mid
of a liberal arts education, Dale klein
commented, “it gets away from the
practical aspects and deals with the
theoretical. I hope the conference will
help bridge the gap."
Students are needed to help with the
program, moderate panels, and introduce speakers. it this symposium is
“successful” the powerseller Foundation
may be willing to fund future ones.
Dixie washington, political science pro
lesson, questions the purpose of the conference Although She does not doubt
the notices of the student organizing,
she is afraid that Sterile intellectualizing
will replace action. There is, she feels,
the possibility that people will feel satisfied that they have an understanding of
the pmblem and will not feel the need
to solve it. Miss washington workers
what projects students will be free to
indicate, She believes that this one would
have been begun by the administration
or another department anyway, and,
therefore letting the students do it in
nothing more than a liberal devices
Neither does Roy Walker, senior, see
what good the program can do. He believes that ii there is money available
it should be chancellor to neighborhood
programs in Des courses or Marshalltown, or used directly in some other way.
“if people here do not understand it
now, discussions or books or lectures on
Grinnell campus will not help. You have
to View it first hand There is the same
hang-up with sex. You don’t need panels
and programs to understand it, but positive experience." He feels that the ad—
registration is using the same political
play with this “student initiated program" as it has used with the black students and the student government; private the students by making them feel
like they have a voice and are in direct
control.
z—-—:—__s—"_l
NOTIGE
Applications for the Student Advisor
program for 1969-70 academic year are
available from any Resident Advisor or
the means of Student’s Office, today.
They must be returned to Resident Arlvisor or means by Friday, March 7.
In any II. T"!
Exhibit banned — ‘supervision'
By RICHARD WICHSTROM
The collection of paintings from the
deviant Gallery, New York. on exhibition at Schaeffer Gallery from February
12 through March 15 is regrettably a
typical Grinneli exhibition. The Work of
Peter canyon, cedar Manrique, Manabu
babe. and Afro is highly supervision.
Peter canyon, an English printer, who
died in 1964, is well-known internationally
for his landscapes of his native country.
From my knowledge of his work, the re
duration is well-reserved. However, the
chronic and instructions paintings currently on exhibition give no indication of
the power and beauty in much of hill
work.
cedar Manrique, & Spanish printer,
makes extensive use of hot beds and
quickly applied impacts. Although specially peaceful and dramatic at first, the
paintings are printing and indicate to
the extreme His instantly applied impacts is write.
Manabu babe, a young Japanese
printer who had his first one-man show
last year, exhibits interesting wishes.
in Breath of Life his wash creates grain
textile qualities in some areas and 1
others creates very fluid movements!
displaying line and distinct shapes. This“
technique, however, has the sending,
to reader his color. His oriental here
since manifests itself though deficit
sleeping line, but his world is merely
decorative and supervision.
Afro, a welleknown italian artist, has
the highest quality of work on exhibi
His style is recruitment of brand Klein i
some reflects. His work can be chart
derived by supply forms and subtle tons.
relationships. In Quatemo a black tiger
4 is dominant from which a series
harmonious shapes and movement
evolve. Warm brown wishes achieve int
investing textile qualities and form
beautiful complement to the iorcefu
blacks. ll Grande zero explorer the for
range of total relationships and losses
es interesting decorative qualities. How.
ever, the vigorous color in Trofeo seem
forced and unresolved — full of soon
and jury, qualifying nothing.
 
Comp Options Proposed
A group of ten seniors, in different
major fields met this week to indicate
a discussion of the businesses and essentials of the present system of comes
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
163-4385 923 Broad
 
McNaIIy's Super Valu
Welcome Back To The Land of Low. Low. Prices
DISCOUNT PRICES ON
Health, Cosmetic, and Beauty Aids
We accept' southern On Our Compie’re Line of
SNACK AND PARTY iTEMS
And'Don’l Forget Us For Your Favorite Beverage
and to corporate a rough proposal to!
the revision of comes.
At present, the proposal provides foul!
options for the student; he and his ads
visit would decide at the end of hi:
junior year which one would best fit
his needs, They will consider the journal
he has taken, his future plans, his
strengths and businesses, and 1M
possibilities within his field.
The student could choose from the
{our following options:
1) to take the three part complement
sivo as it is presently administrator
2) to take an independent with or with
out credit, including a paper and do.
sense of it,
3) to take a symposium with or without credit,
4) to make up his own option (either an
innovative plan, or choose not to take
them at all)
in this form, the proposal emphasizes
ﬂliability, both for individual students
and for the different departments. chiﬁ
proposal is hopefully the beginning of q
broader inquiry into the usefullness oi
the present system of comes as part of
Grinneil’s commitment to education out:
side, as well as within a student’s mas
for ﬁend.
in the hopes of opening up some of
the possible' ‘es for comes, there will
be a discussion Wednesday, February 2d
at 4:30 in the South lounge. Facult,
members, and all'students in all classes
are invited to participate. A proposal ‘
this sort needs suggestions and control
buttons from different segments of the
college.
Step Up To
'JD'S RESTAURANT
sztvr Main
Mon. . Set. 5 to lo pm.
Sunday —- Noon to lo pm.
 
W b any If, H". ICARLET AND OK P V.
Know Your Neighbor or "Gidgel Goes Io plymouth"
by Would-you-believe, brand lanka?
GARY GIDDENS
0n the evening at February 14, three
members of the Grinneli student body
embedded on a perilous search for truth,
justice and the American way at Mon
mouth College. The students were mildmannerod SGA president Thomas Thomas. (it’s a rough task but one that all
honest men should empire to"), that loves
ly and western newspaper editor Susan
Kaeser (“Those dresses are my life,
by holly, and I‘ll go anywhere for a
good scoopr"). and me, your holly social
coordinator (“Ba canada dolls, Ba
canada nokia too”).
The trip was motivated by an ACM
conference sponsored by plymouth and
u desire to get the hell out of Grinnell,
sponsored by the Attorney General of
Iowa. Should the meetings be successful.
we intended to return to Grinnell with
new ideas and broader visual in the areas
of editing, good writing and operating.
Should the meetings be a failure. . .web,
there‘s a great little camcorder stand on
the outskirts of plymouth.
We arrived at the college (after stopping at the camcorder stand) at about
9:00. Representatives of plymouth were
to be training us at the student union.
Alter becoming the rather automatic directions given to us by a fat little Monmouthian carrying a bowling ball, we
found the appointed place. There we
were created by reps from Cornell as
well as plymouth. They elderly shock
our hands and asked if “they" really
took their clothes off. The three of us
related brieﬂy as to whether we should
dismbe, light a joint, and complete —
manage a‘ tools — on the floor. thereby
living up to our regulations, but decided against it on the grounds that it
might alienate them at the meetings.
(Have you readers felt that Grlnnell —
the “Gem of the sheffield” -—— breeds intolerance?) They decided to portions the
meeting long enough for us to be houses.
Susan was taken off to room with the
female SGA candidate and Thomas and l
were taken to that old zippo-bang flat
house, TKE. TKE-house is a dangerous
example of where it‘s at in contemporary
America. A brief functioning of the in
habitants brought out the (act that they
could have rA—hour opens it they desired
but that they voted against having girls
allowed past first floor because their
rooms are usually dirty and. well, you
know. Each room — all of them funds
which may be another season why girls
can't get up there -— has a happy title
like The powers, The Pub, The Ghetto
and others not so imagination. Each floor
has a mutual lounge where a set or barbara: is at everyone's disposal. The flat
guys look disarmlngly alike. They have
short blond hair, president teeth, wear
gray V-neck speakers with T-shirts and
tennis speakers and speak a highly esoteric carbon: "josh," “holly,” “see,"
“earn," “neck," and “Hi0." l was to
find out what the latter term meant at
a party latter that night.
Back at the union we discovered that
students from simon had joined us and
that Knox would be represented Saturday. We were invited to sit around a
much too large table on which pads and
water teachers were distributed. l haven’t had enough time to sort out my expressions of that meeting, but the water
was very good. After the meeting we
were invited to the off campus residence
of a student, There, we were scheduled
to “party." Each of the colleges segregated themselves into a cover oi the
room and began to drink. The room was
conspicuously generated with an elab<
state stereo system with (our records
and a two look books placed on the coffee table for show and use as an ashtray.
Unlike Susan and Thomas, this reporter
can proudly say that he made a concern
and dutiful attempt to get in to the feel
or things for a deeper understanding at
his hosted l travels consumer a bottle
of Wine.
The next morning we ate breakfast at
10:00 (not all SAGA systems are run
like Grinnell’s), and went to a meeting
at the union. I don't know What the
treatments or the editors discussed. but
the coordination found little to agree on
in terms of block booking. plymouth’s
major concerts were The Brothers Four,
warranty and teacher, and beaches and
Herb. ’l‘he “Ides at March” made the
front page of the simon newspaper
when they appeared there and one line
from that article read. "Anyone who
misbehaves. will be asked to leave the
dance, and lined ten dollars.” Among
the other interesting bits of information
revealed were the facts that Monmouthians have a sentence to be chubby, girls
 
A cooperative,
Stimulating,
Scintillaling
Announcement
nirvana's ls Open Every
Day For YOU!
Monday thru saturday
5 p.m. Till I am.
Sunday 5 p.m. Till midnight'
AHRVANO’S PIZZA
TOM 8r BETTE GARBISON
236-6221
at plymouth have hours. and when
they have opens on weekends they‘re
really open (the door hall-way and the
lights on; this is informed). and plymouth does not: have a drug "problem."
Everybody’s too busy drinking.
We then passed for lunch and the
food was good, SAGA Chuck would be
aged at how good the loud was.
We all got together for the next and
last meeting in the Alumni room, and
discussed for two hours when the next
meeting would be held. They assisted on
avoiding specsﬁcs, although they finally
agreed that we should send a notice to
all ACM schools as to whether they
would like to block book fully St. Marie,
thereby covering her price. The results
of that are yet to be seen.
Driving hack to Grinneli we had much
to think about. Frat like for example
was a revelation. You wake up, lift
weights, eat, lift weights, eat, get drunk,
throw up, go to sleep, wake up, lift
weights, etc., etc. We also journey
over the fact, goshdarnit, that Grinnell
dress’t have things like winter weekend,
spring Olympics and tall pick-up-sticks.
And how come Only the newsletters get
to wear bright red players around here?
There was much indeed to wonder as we
drove through the textbooks rentals of
this great institution.
blillFT NOTES
counseling are often questioned by
restaurants as to when a registered with
a particular clauseﬁnation can expect to
be reclassiﬁed or have his classification
reviewed by his local board, Convenient
ly, the Director of lawn Selective Service
has sent out a memo to all iowa Local
boards setting up a kind of time schedule
for review of clauseﬁnations. The following are relevant sections of that memo.
restaurants under 26 years of age who
have been clauseﬁed I-A, I—A-O, l-O, 1-D,
Ill-A (fatherhood), lV-D, or IV-B are to
be reviewed annually. if you are clause-
ﬁed l-Y, iv-c, lV-F, or lv-A, and under
26 years of age, your case should be
reviewed every two years. restaurants
of all ages in Classes 175, li-A, ll-C,
ll-S, ill-A (hardship), have expiration
dates of classification established. That
date should be on your classification
card. Upon expiration of these determines, the classification shall be read
eyed, considered knew, and the registered reclassiﬁed on the basis or our
rent information.
Remember, you are responsible for
notifying your local board about any
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
her-m iron. the best om“
GRINNELL. IOWA
News Briefs
Frank counters
Larry Frank, who has been in Cuba
photographers for generation News
Service since the beginning of the semester, is due to return to printer! in
the next day or two. Larry’s father recently reported to Dean S. queen!
Thompson that Larry had been scheduled to return to Grinnell corner. but
the boat on which he was to return de«
related a serious lead and had to return
to Cuba. The United States government
does not permit ships from Cuba to dolls
in this country, so Larry took a speaker
to St. John’s, newfoundland, in Canada,
At last word his ship was in the harbor
O“ St, Johns, but for some unexplained
reason was not able to dock.
Larry was selected by generation
News Service to go to Cuba as a part
of a group of writers and photographers.
They planned to do a series of article:
on the human social revolution.
o o
New Curriculum
At its meeting on February 15th, the
Department of English resolved unanimously to accept History (American
Studies) 306 “The metro as Literary
Artist in America” as counting toward
the involvement oi the requirements of
the English major. it further stated that
it “strongly supports the continued offering of a course in Afro—American literature, and will corporate with the Amen
icon Studies and History departure‘
states to this end."
a c u
KRNT Special
Russell Van Dyke, news director of
KRNT TV and radio in Des points, will
on campus Tuesday to film scenes and
interviews for his weekly special pro:
gray. He expects they will be shown on
Sunday, February 23, from 10:20 to 10:30
on Channel eight.
:ﬁ
new Condition that could affect you!
present classification. If your local board
is about to review your case, you should
receive a form entitled “Current color.
nation Questionnaire.” Until you turn
26, keep in mind that no determine it
really permanent.
RESISTERS: If you choose to emigrate from the United States to avoid
construction, there is how information
available relating to immigration to jamaica. Jamaica's policy, guaranteed to
make General Hershey turn over in his
grave—if he were dead, regarding draft
designers is as follows: “Jamaica does
have an explanation treaty with the
United States oi America, but draft ever
soon is not amongst the ‘crimes’ for which
explanation is to be granted." future
imigrants who prefer warm climatemight look into the possibilities.
For any information regarding the
draft—contact GDIC, ext. 355,
It’s
THE VARSITY
NEWSSTAND
FOR
SMOKES,
SNACKS,
BOOKS.
 
Page Slit
Civil Rights to 1968
SCARLET AND BLACK
friday. february ii. rm
 
The White Students’ Bag
By BRUCE BESSE
Tire civil rights movement on the
Grilinell College campus has followed
a pattern which seems comparable to
that of most of the educational institutions throughout the United States. The
spring of 1964 marked the illustration
of an organization by the college chaplain, Mr. Roger Eldridge, and was simply referred to as the Civil Rights Group.
its membership convicted primarily or
white students. Gradually, more and
more black students became actively
involved in the various movements on
Campus, and today nearly all, it not all.
of mu black students of Grinnell are
,very much involved with civil rights.
This writer spent a most removable
afternoon lifetime ago looking through
back issues of the did! in an attempt to
draw out some of the interesting highlights and activities involving civil rights
on Campus in the four years preceding
1968, Probably the most important thing
to be noted from this article is the dates
oi a lot or these happenings. This will
tell as much as the accounts themselves.
The Gr-innell Civil Rights Group
'(C.R.G.) was concerned pr daily with
three areas for its actor es. It researcher and studied social problems.
planned lectures and discussions, and
interested students in the Des points
sluts. This last project was by car its
most productive. It sponsored numerous
trips to the Des points buttons and
printed several pictures in the 5&1! do»
picking the poverty or Des holmes. The
group altllloted itself with SNCC in the
spring or 1965, at which time it also rejected the proposal that it join the
NAACP, A major determining factor in
the group's selection or NAACP albania.
tion was lack oi funds to pay the membership fee; SNCC membership was tree.
By the time Mr Eldridge had left the
College in the summer of 1965, the C.R.G.
had pretty much passed into religion.
It had been replaced by the Des MoinesPreject group. headed by Bonnie winter
and Ian Smith. Ian was the first black
student to become actively involved in
a Grinnell College civil rights movement
through an administrative position. This
group, as the name implies, carried on
the work in Des points which had been
started by the C.R.G, This group like
its forerunner had financial profiles, and
despite much enthusiasm among its
leaders, it failed to generate much sun—
port from the student body.
By January of 1957 interest in the Des
points Project had based. A 5111le
group or students then became active
in another project in Des points — the
Southeast doctors Project. However,
this movement on campus drew even
less support from the student body; fewer than a dozen students gathered in
the South Lounge to hear the head of
this project explain his group’s goals.
As the white students' interest in civil
rights movements on campus diminished,
more and more black students started
pricing their concerns in December oi
1966, the sun published a letter to the
editor written by Louis seller and Roy
Walker, in which they accused the white
minerals on campus ot not being so lib»
oral and tree or preceding as they
claimed to be. Not only had the concerned white students failed to generate
widespread enthusiasm, but also the intensity of their connections was now be
ing questioned. This letter served as an
invitation to other black students to
start rating the initiative in the civil
rights movement 0“ campus.
The fall oi 1967 found black students no
longer remaining silent. Stories of harassment and violence that had gone
untold for years were being exposed for
the first time by the black population on
campus. The blacks calculated a list of
fragrances and presented it to President
suggest, Dean Thompson and the come
guilty before they left for Christmas
vacation. Soon alter the spring semester
started, everyone associated with the
college became aware of a change in the
role Grinnell College was to play in the
area of Civil rights. it was to become
more active than it had ever been, but
it was to achieve this and through the
leadership and initiative of the black
students. The transition can be seen quite
clearly in a statement made by one of
the white leaders of the civil rights
movement on campus. Max Heligott was
quoted in the February 2, 1963 issue oi
the 5&3 as saying, “But it should not
be up to me to take leadership which I
am obviously not in a position to take
up now.” Civil rights had become the
black students bag.
Editors Note:
The 5&8 asked honest boston, prev. of
CBS to provide an article explaining the
Black Student's positan at Grinnell. A
similar article is being written for the
“Brotherhood" and will not appear in
this paper. An ofﬁdial policy statement
by Mr. suggest concerning this position
will appear in the near future.
VERY 5PElIlill ANNOUNCEMENT:
Beginning this Sunday. Feb. 23,
JD‘: Restaurant will be open
no... Noon till lb p.m. ever
Sunday. Y
.5 We Resiuuroni
) Hearing
Continued from Page 1
appear at yesterday’s hearing singles
with reporters in the fire station which
adjoins the Courtroom as they wanted to
be called. They were allowed to watch
a color television set, talk with each
other. play Cards, read, and Climb on
old fire trucks.
investigation led to Charges
Charges were ﬁled against the depend«
arts by Poweshiek County Attorney Mic‘
hall which earlier this week, following an
investigation by the Iowa Attomcy General's Office, the Poweshiek County Ah
totally and the Grinnell Police Department, responses issued by Justice of
the Peace admin Lincoln ordering the
five students to appear at the preliminary heanng were served on Tuesday by
officers of the Police Department.
Oil Tuesday shipments were served on
former Grinnell students Henry Wilhelm
and Krystyna german. presently associ—
aged with the East Street Gallery of
Photography, ordering them to appear at
the hearing to testing. Also surrounded
on Tuesday was Dean of Students Alice
low. who was ordered to appear at the
hearing with any permanent information
she might have as “an official of the
College.” Dean LOW last week refused to
provide state investigators with what she
called “conﬁcentral information” unless
she was surrounded.
On Wednesday shipments were served
on eleven additional Grinnell students. according to Justice of the Peace Lincoln.
Most of the students surrounded were
present at the visiting incident.
According to legal advisors conducted
by the 5&3 the purposes or a preliminary
hearing are to clarity charges against
the defendant and to provide the proposition with an opportunity to present sun-
ﬁevent evidence to show that a trial in
guarantee. Until sufficient evidence supporting a complaint is provided, a Court
cannon require that the defendant post
bond or be failed.
drive oi Hearing fourth
On Thursday the attorney for the accused students decided that the depend<
nuts should while their rights to a pre—
military hearing, in which event the
case would proceed directly to trial. The
defense felt that such a preliminary help
ing would not be necessary because productions probably had sufficient evidence
to Show Cause [or trial, (although not
enough to contact), because the hearing
log might result in adverse publicity regarding the dependence, and because a
waiver would provide the defense with
more time to prepare for crosscxarni—
nation of witnesses. However, under
iowa law, the proposition may elect to
hold a clearing ln older to investigate
persons surrounded.
According to County Attorney which,
the preliminary hearing is the “first
stage” in proposition proceedings. The
next stage will be arrangement oi the
dependence in the District Court oi Poweshlek County. in Montezuma. The direction in which the trial will then proceed
will depend upon whether or not the dependence decide to change their plea.
Under iowa law “innocent exposure" is
an “indictable misdemeanor" and the
dependence could have been infected by
a grand jury who would send the case
to district court. An indictable misdemeanor carries a heather penalty than
a regular misdemeanor, which has a
maximum penalty or thirty days in jail
or a one hundred dollar ﬁnew
Chapter 125.1 of the Town Code says
“It any man or woman . s guilty of
open and gross wellness, and designated
makes an open and innocent or observe
exposure or his or her person, or oi the
person of another, every such person
shall be imprisoned in the county jail not
excluding six months, or be lined not
excluding two hundred dollars."
Only Five Charged
The SM! has been unable to determine
why only five of the alleged demonstration have been charged in the incident.
Early this week Asst, Attorney Larry
wellington. who has been involved in
the investigation, Said that the Attorney
General’s Office had “positive identify‘
nation" of nine or the persons involved.
Asst. Attorney General Douglas jackson,
who was on campus again this week, refused to clearly explain why only live
persons are being procedures. “It‘s all
a matter of due process," he said. jackson pointed out that testimony at yesterday’s hearing is public record. and may
be used by investigators in programming
other demonstration.
jackson refused to comment on whether the investigation by the Attorney General’s Office is concerned only with the
visiting incident. There has been wide
calculation on campus and in the press
that Pterodactyi, the campus underground paper, is also being investigated.
The 5&3 has learned that investigators
from the Bureau of Criminal Investigation have been making inquiries about
Ptero at a printing shop where the paper
was printed last year. investigators on
campus have been observed reading back
issues of the paper, and have reportedly
questioned students about the publication. jackson remained that the state inn
vesuguiors “might be around (Grinnell)
for awhile.”
Charges Attomey’s Duty
Earlier this week there had been controversy about who would file charges
against the alleged demonstration. The
County Attorney and the Attorney General have concerning jurisdiction in the
matter. According to jackson, the decision to have County Attorney Enicll tile
charges was "by mutual request."
Enlcll told the 5&3 he brought charges
because it was his “duty," and because
there had been complaints from town
residents and people throughout the
state.
The Board oi the Iowa Civil libraries
Union informally decided to withhold its
aid in the case, but referred the defend—
arts [D Attorney Johnston. Should the
Case reach a higher court, the lCLU
could convertible reverse its decision
and offer its aid to the students.
REDUCED THIS WEEK:
Many Piece Good Items
From Our Spring department
Save Up To 15°
THRU SATURDAY
june“:
ALWAYS HRST ouAuni
 
iduy. February 1
Gray Matter
A: has been my tradition. I
present the statistics of the LM.
basketball lesson It it: holiday point. There luv some
games which are missing. but
the figures are basically core
not through this 8:00 games on
Monday, February 17. I hope
yourmnjoynlent of this trivia is
commensurate with the time i
wanted putting all at this to«
gather.
w- Lmou: LEADING stars
Nick cum . West 24.:
sorry Nelson » need 22.:
lock Vranek . o. c. 19.!
Gary Jones - Clerk 125
honor line - use in
m norton » Faculty
null Orly - liable
slut Canaan-book.
chuck sun . o. c.
Gnu! title - soma
"n" LEAGUE 1.54an
Jim strong . copies
Tom carroll e north
Rlcn wal . West
low Lewis - East
mil shown . Dtbhlu
Terry rlnn - Clark
n. nmennerr - angle
not refer-ll » equity
m read-n » cables
min net-r . Cowles
“A" Luau: STAND
liable s
n. . so
i
4.
mark
but
HeineNorth 04
copies o
“n" LEAGUE STANDINGS
Cowlu
North
clark
o C.
Loose
East
Home:
Faculty
west
Read
liable
s
2
a
z
o
»o
.7
SIZEZEEEEES
vehicles Gives»
pipeline Support
Sophomore sprint star morris
Stubbs will he on the sometimes
when the printers open their
Indoor track season tomorrow
at Cedar Falls.
The Pioneers will compete
against Northern iowa, Augustana (S.D.), Cornell, and porn»
include. The meet will begin at
12:30pm
Stubbs. who ran for his native Bahamas in the 19$ Olympic Game at Mexico City, is
undefined with an injured heel,
and Will probably be out oi ac
tion for a couple at weeks,
Coach John harley plans to
take seven men to the meet.
The Pioneers will be greatly
handicapped by the lack oi sufficient practice facilities here at
Grinnell.
“We are not anywhere near
adequate shape for a meet
against competition of this culture," harley said. “We are
going mainly with the idea of
getting experience on an adequate indoor track."
The Pioneers who’ll make the
trip are: Dave Cavander, dis
dance; Eric Jnhn, distance; Alex
martin and Doug Lewis, allow
put; John Kelly, springs: Tim
Power, middle distance and
pole vault; and Bill Schooler,
middle distance, long jump, and
triple jump.
Eleven freshmen will represent Grinnell in an evening meet
at Cedar Falls tomorrow. They
are Carl Brennan, Allen raymond, Steve Hirshnm, Chris
hudson, Chuck McGrath, Phil
modules, Jim Pimlli, Oscar Rattenborg, Clark printers, Randy
oliver, and richard klein.
_» ICAILET AND ILACK
batman Face Toughest Test
The Grinnell College mailman
go to Northfield, Minnesota, Saturday for Midwest Conference
deals with two teams that are
likely to give depending champion Cornell the smallest arguments for the 1969 title.
Coach monkey Kimho'l browsers will face Carleton and St.
Olaf in a four-team meet which
begins at 9:30 am. at St. Olaf.
Cornell will also greatly the
two Minnesota clubs.
Grinnell's two main hopes for
individual conference champion—
ships — 167founder Bill Wedding and lW-founded Don Kraitsik — will both lace highly»rated opponents.
Carleton's Eldon Spencer it
me depending imposed tourist.
The girls’ Tom Countyman took
third at 177 a year ago and St.
markers brown Knox
Best Swim of Year
The Grinnell variety swim
team spam its best meet of the
year last Saturday, winning all
but two events and clohbering
Knox 63 to 32. Bruce collins set
a new school record of 50.6 in
the 100 tree, breaking his own
old record oi 50.7. collins also
tied the school record of 28.0 in
the 50 free.
The Grinnell Freshman swim»
king team won the Midwest
Southern Conference Championships against Knox, Cornell,
plymouth, and joe at Cornell
In Feb. 13, hiking all events
but the diving and the 50 free.
Winners include: 400 wesley
Relay (Schmidt, Ward, being,
Cams) 4:05.”, 200 free (sales)
158.5, 200 individual wesley
(Ward) 2221.4. 200 butterfly
(being) 2:!5.7 (Lime breaks
conference freshman record).
200 backstroke (Schmidt) 2226.0,
500 free (sales) 5:3“, 100 tree
(cards) 53.6, breaststroke
(Ward 2133.0, and 400 free relay (Cams, being. Schmidt,
sales) 3236.4.
On Friday, February 21 at
3:30 variety and freshman will
swim Cornell at Grillnell in the
last home meet or the season
This meet is likely to he the
last meet ever held at the old
swimming pool.
RESULTS: Grlnnell ll. Knox :2
4th MEDLEY RELAY: 1. Council
twiiimms, never, bald, Brown)
with
zoo FREE‘ l. contain (G) men:
2. l-wayne do; 3. Sweeknniner
(G)
to rain: . Rollin; 2m to), 2.
Gordon (cl: 3. nnrler (K)
160 lNDlVlDUAL MEDLEY. l.
Meyer (G) l:4.’ll, 2. Miller no:
3. Sister: (Gt
order l. speaker (K) 233 3; 2r
Frohlich to); J. union (Gt
zoo DUTK‘ERFLY. i. Williams (at
2.15372. bronze ix): 3. hole to)
ion rare. l. collins (G) 50.5; 2.
Harris (x 3, Butler (K)
m EAC ' OKE l. Miller in)
222.5. . swsckhsmer (G). 3.
morning (K)
Sim FREE, 1. McBInln 5.33.2 (G):
1. lioyne (K). a. Kurllmnn (G)
400 FREE RELAY. l. crinnsll
Meyer, Williams, brown, vol-
links 3'33.8
zoo BREASTSTROKE. ll element
to) leu; 2. li-url. (Kl: :. our»
dick (lo
Olai’n Greg pollution we
south in that weight class.
Krutsllr was the 167-pound
cheap in l967. but skilled in
third in that weight class a year
ago after spending most of the
cmpaigl on the injury list.
Wedding took second It 160 last
Winter.
Wrestling for Grinnell in addition to Wedding and grant—
six will be Mike Kawahara, 123;
John anderson, 137; Mason clip—
per, ”5; bob Lebell, 152; and
Steve l-buildings, 191 or lightweight.
fingers Seek Victory
The Grinnell Pioneers will be
traveling to Beloit Friday and
then be moving on to joe on
Saturday. They will be attempting to make up for the two setbacks they suffered against Ri<
pan and Lawrence last weekend.
These two losses dropped Grinnell’s conference record to Hz.
and left the charles and the
Black two full games behind
north place simon.
Coach add powers’ big task is
to revitalize an offense that
could manage only 55 points at
simon and 53 points at Law»
hence. effectively, the Pioneers
have done much better. They
limited simon to 68 and Law—
hence to 63.
powers is considering some
linear changes for this weekend's games and double that
the starting unit will he identical both nights.
"We will be racing two completely dirierem ball clubs,"
powers noted. “Beloit is big and
relatively slow while joe is
small and last. We may go with
site at neloit and speed and
thickness at joe."
joe shares third place in the
standings with an e5 record.
Beloit is seventh at 57.
Fast Proposed
The student Senate is looking
for ideas for this semester's
SAGA fast. Those who have
ideas should present them at
me Senate meeting this coming
Wednesday. One suggestion has
been to pay lawyer’s teen and
court costs for the people in the
Playboy demonstration. Costs
have been estimated at about
31200, exclusive of any mail or
lines.
Classiﬁed A (1:
FOR SAL 1966 VW studies
back, per act, new tires, overhauled. JD's Restaurant, 2364900
NOTICE. We’ve been open
Sunday from Noon to Ten for
five years. JD‘S Restaurant.
WANTED TO BUY: “/4 Size
classical guitar for young g
Contact Mrs. deviant,
($378.
WANTED: Typing in my home.
Phﬁne 2365276, m. l. Grin»
ne
i
} Radio Controversy
W from Pl! 1
Pebnlury 11, Cloud released
the following statement.
"Effective immediately: well
kitchen Ind Gregory Schmidt
Are suspended from their positions as Kch wrumeutetor: until further review by the ins
Native Board ol lCDlC. Their
“Element! concerning Henry
Wilhelm. broadcast on February ll, 1969 have placed boat
KIJIC and Grimell College in
legal jeopardy, with the best interest or both the station and
the college in mind kitchen Ind
Schmidt‘s program is disappointed until the Executive
Board is able to fully investigate the incident and its modifications.”
ML norman, chairman of the
combine on Student silent
tions Ind India, Mi that
Fisclnr’l woman. longer
not only him but also DIC and
Ln turn the college. Onto! the
major functions at the Com
little it to protect the college
from fabulous or am comments in student no media.
The Committee, living jurisdiction over all student media ins
massive oi the radio mom, in
investigation the her.
Neil kitchen has registered
it complaint regarding the suspension oi' kitchen and Greg
Schmidt from the simian with
Tom Triple“. student coordinator. Triplett is investigation
the hiring mi timing policies of
the radio] station.
 
Life strike's
little nothing
is really
something
‘When you think
of things cool and
romantic think of
Life Sirlde’s open little
shoe. amended strap:
trace a lazy pattern
over your foot.
 
The Grinnell College Theater Department is presenting Sophocles' Philoctetes
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday at this week. The Greek tragedy is directed by
Porter Woods, sets and costumes are designed by William Wall, visiting designer from Milwaukee directory Theater. Appearing in the 3 major roles are
envelope Reed, actress-in-residence, Peter Amot, classics professor from Iowa
University, and Robert ingbam, oi the Theater Department staff. There are
also a new students involved in the production. The play will be presented in
A.R.H. certain time is mo p.111.
r——~——-—.—W——l
All Educators — No Teachers
By TED GLICK
who Education Project, while working
to corporate proposals for educational
and curriculum change, is providing an
example of a new and forward-looking
class structure (or rather, non-structure). Instead of the usual class prices
dare ot a teacher assuming a role of
authority, direction questions, and/or
counseling the discussion into areas
which he considers important, our
class is run with no leaders and with no
set pattern.
The class sets hours to begin but sets
no hours to end. We end when we have
nothing else to discuss — no cells and
no decisions to break up made by the
teacher bother us (we have no teacher;
Mr. biggest, the faculty member one
valued, is just another human being ins
See The
New
Spring
Things
At
counters
In
Grinnell
counters
4th Ave. sessions. Inc.
Grlnnell'l Complete
style Shop For Women
IOMETHING NEW
EVERY DAY
Store Hour"
Neon "ill 9 Monday"
1 TH 5 Tuesday thru Saturday
solved in the process at group education
and. entertainment who contributed ac<
working to his ability and position). We
have a goal in mind. i.e,, writing up pm¢
totals for change, but we move towards
these goals as the group wishes to, not
with a well-defined and structured plan
and with the necessary research and
work being carried out as each individual or small group of individuals seal
int; we have no assignments, papers, or
textbooks.
The thing which will be hard for many
people to understand is the fact that we
really are learning, moving somewhere,
and participating in a common educational experience. We are learning not
just of books and of how to write up
proposals, but also or people and their
lives and their feelings. It is this, this
knowledge oi what a life really is, not
just what a mind says, which is one of
the most beautiful consequences of this
class.
m:
sitemap Strip leaves
An universities Grinnell foreign made
an interesting suggestion when Police
Chief Bill meters asked how foreign
might interface the twenty persons waiting in the ﬁre Station to be called to
testing in yesterday's innocent exposure
hearing. The sitemap shipped, “Why
don't we all have a strip poker game’r‘"
SWEDE'S
GRINNELL
LAUNDRY
Serving Both Campus
Cleaning Agencies
We specialist In
Shirts & blacks
Skirts & classes
'I-DAY SERVICI
Home Owned 81
whose
Cut venueﬂ published
P s Eight SCAR AND still Friday I' 1" 4
Faculty approved Greater Student Voice
By JANET SMITH
The faculty made several decisions
of significant Interest to the student
body at their meeting Monday night.
The cut penalty for missed classes on
days surrounding holidays was published.
No student now attending Grinnell is required to accumulate more than the
standard 124 credits required for grades
union. it was implied by the faculty's
statement that this decision is to be e!»
receive alternatively.
of tar more importance are the
changes made concerning student re<
presentation on the Committee on Ad<
missions and Student Aid and the Educa‘
global Policy Committees (EPC). Last
week a letter distributed by Tom Thomas, SGA president, tried students to indicate to the faculty the need for student participation on the admissions
committee. Mr, dildo Walker, chairman
of this committee, informed the student
body in a campus memorandum that he
was aware oi student interest. He stated
that the Committee on Faculty Organize:
tion was preparing a proposal to instructors the committee in question. including provisions for student involvement. Thomas commented that he felt
the resulting student-faculty discussion
was beneficial, as "such communication
—- oi desired. interests, and proposals —
is the first important step towards my
dual student participation in the tin-going
process of governing the College,"
The faculty also passed a recommendation reorganizing the original Committee
on Admissions and Student Aid. A committee by that name will no longer deal
with administrative matters, but will be
responsible for making recommendations
to the President and faculty on admission and student aid policy. This code
matter would receive regular reports
from the Director oi Admission and Stu‘
sent Aid concerning the current FNCG‘
rules. Membership on this committee
will include the Dean oi the College,
Chairman oi the faculty. three elected
faculty members, three students select<
ed by the Student Government Association, the Director of Admissions, and the
Director oi Student Aid. The fact that
the SGA is to account the students gives
new importance to student government
in the opinion of one faculty member.
Discount
Prices
On cameras,
Film,
camp Equipment
And
black Items
STORY'S
GULF
1003 Main
ADDRESS HEI'iii
An Admissions Board consisting o1
three faculty members and the chem
for ot Admissions was formed to deal
with administrative matters. They will
decide on all special cases in admin‘
simon and student aid which fall outside
the guidelines at official policy. They
would also make suggestions for the for.
citations of policy, help in the armenia
stretlon ot policies, and report the number oi cases they act upon to the Comynitteo on Admission and Student Aid.
This destruction eliminates the necessity
of students using confidential files, which
has been a major objective to student
arilcipatlon in the past. This proposal
tr not yet official. it was voted upon as
a recommendation to the President:A
which he is to transmit to the trustees.
Each additional EPC will now have two
voting student members, as the result ct
still another faculty decision. Each division will decide its own methods 0!
selection. Trwo possibilities are an election of the motors at a division and the
selection of two students from a student
arc which may be created.
Students are now represented on every
faculty committee relevant to student
interest except the committee on acordemio standing. One pmtessar commented. “students now have a real opportunity to express their voice in campus at:
fails and policies.‘|
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3977
E. l. lenses. 0.0.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
closed 'hurt. PM.
and Sat. PM.
LARRY'S
violin snow
”For Fine career’s
Service"
L‘ARRY HlNES, Prep.
”1 Mala
 
