GRINNELL COLLEGE
- SCARLE'Ea
BLACK
THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
 
vol. LXXVI
Grinnell. Iowa, Friday. April 25. [959
No, 23
 
Causes and Solutions to Poverty
Symposium Calls for construction hadicalism
Power Politics
Only Way
SAUL ALINSKY talks with interested
students on organizing for change.
“College today ls like a stagecoach
on the highway” said paul Alinsky. “College should be the training ground for
organizing." Organized power for reform. not idealistic daydreaming, is the
only way to construct a better world.
Community Organization was the topic
of “professional radical" paul Aliusky.
Wednesday afternoon to the student
Symposium oi Poverty.
The veteran organizer arrested the
need for organization in order to obtain
the necessary power required to affect
change. “Unless you have the power,
everything else is rhetorici Power is possible through organizing. Organizing
should be done around issues which are
specific immediate, and realizablei An
issue is what you can do something
about,"
In talking about the Black Power
movement, he arrested the need for organized power along with the warning oi
black identity. “Black Culture is esssential," but he warned. “One does not get
identity without power," “No number of
fisheries, naturals, sunglasses or soul
food is power."
“if you want to change the world to
what you'd like it to be you must start
from where you are," He suggested that
those interested in change “must get
with the world as it is." “There are
three things one must know about what
is,
1. people act in sell interest.
2. right things get done for the wrong
reason.
' 3. never make value documents on the
basis or what is right but on the
basis of alternatives"
He arrested that i: any change is to
occur, elements at the middle class
white society must also be included as
power allied. it all minority groups were
to become united they would still he in
the minority, requiring the aid at middle
L writes. He further commented that
“basically any people can be organizer ."
filter the lecture Mt: Alinsky answered questions and discussed student participation in change at an informal session at Conference House, He also pass
dedicated in the afternoon panel on “The
Role of Community Acts in Reducing
Poverty.”
Keynote Rational Action
By MICHAEL BRANDON
“! think we one it to Ourselves to listen to student investors to see what
they're saying," Dr. Robert roles, a
Harvard University research psychiatrist, said here Tuesday nights
“It is not enough to henry the tactics
oi some students who take it upon them—
serves to occurs buildings when protecting and demonstration," roles said. ”We
need to use all the understanding, com<
passion, and sensitivity We can mobility
e—mt criteria, not handling, not name
Calling."
roles, who is a contributing editor for
New Republic magazine. delivered his
remarks in a keyword address during
Grinneli's Student Symposium on Poverty.
roles told an audience of some 250
persons in service Chapel that his generation uses young ‘administrators as
"scapegoats" when it criticizes them.
“We rail against them, rather than
rail against our own wellness and
failure."
“I love this country and I consider
myself local,” roles continued, “but 1
also realize that America has serious
problems that must be packard and not
glasses every"
roles customized the United States for
spending millions or dollars on space
exploration and the Vietnam War while
A iuli investigation or Thursday
afternoon's flag demonstration,
protecting the Vietnam war, will
appear in next week's charles and
Black.
millions of Americans “are on the edge
or severe hunger, living the kind ot life
that can only be described as desperate,
painful. and packing sell-respect."
He also criticxzed those who tell the
needs “to Wait a little longer” and have
patients. “We one it to ourselves to
realize that we seller as others smaller
and that when others don’t have, We
lack," he said,
Speaking or the recent discussions at
Harvard, roles said that he thought
some of the processors after “widely and
maliciously," but that the discipline
actions forced the administration to pay
need to various demands.
“business is a bad sin,’ he added,
“but so is the business of sellesatisfaction, complicated, wild the conventions
of a Brooks Brothers suit and a Harvard
degree."
He said that the president students
“made the Harvard Corporation realize
that restructuring (the University) is an
important goal that has to be met."
roles said that he found some of the
processors to be “as nasty and arrogant
as some DI the Harvard administrators.
“However, i don’t think the students
were being surely destruction,” he explained. “A large number or them were
typically concerned young Americans.”
Labels and names such as “the geneva
union gap” or “slots.” are not important
issues, roles Said “The real issue dsl
l-low building will we be to the cry for
justice, we who have so much},
PTERO. Home for Now
A U.S. District Court judge last Wednesday ordered iowa Attorney General
Richard Turner to return copy and photo
graphs his agents generally served brown
Pterodactyl, Grinnell's underground
paper.
Judge Roy L. Stepheson ruled that the
confirmation oi the allegedly observe material at a hilton Junction printing shop
on Mar. 13 was illegal because “no Warrant for the leisure of the materials We!
ever sought or issued"
Stephenson, however, denied a request
by Pterndactyl staff members for $11,000
in damages from the attorney general’s
online and an inspection to prevent sure
they leisure of Pterodactyl materials,
The suit was tried by Grinnell shot0<
graphic Henry Wilhelm and Grinnell
junior Lawrence Frank, who were both
present at the SR Printers shop when
the material was served. Attorney Clark
Holmes oi the Iowa Civil libraries Union
handled the case for Pterodactyl.
Named as dependence in the suit along
with turner were Asst, Atty. Gen. Douglas jackson, Robert C. Blair, Director
of the Bureau of Criminal investigation,
and BC] agents Daniel layer and Terry
C. Johnson.
Stephenson ruled that the law enforcement officials were immune from civil
damages because they were acting with
in their official jurisdiction as agents or
the attorney general’s office
Although Turner certified that the material was observe, Stephenson ruled
that his testimony to that select had no
bearing on the Case.
“It is not the purpose or the law to
permit the determination of observe materials but to prevent the arrangement
ot the right in a free society to unobstructed circulation ot non-observe
materials,” Stephenson said in his rules.
Wilhelm, who went to Des points
Thursday to recover the material, told
the 5&3 he was not pleased with the
court’s actions.
“The court order to return the material
was much too long in coming." Wilhelm
said, referring to the last that Pterodactyl was received of the right to publish the material for almost six weeks
Wilhelm also said that he and Frank
will appeal their request for damages
iron. Turner and the other agents. “It
public officials cannon be held region—
bible for their actions it gives them a
free license to harris anyone they want,”
he said.
Wilhelm said that he is “working to
find a printer" and that he expects to
publish the served material plus tour additional pages about the leisure in an
issue of Plerodactyl that would be distributed next week.
Wilhelm said that he and his lawyer
expect Turner to ﬁle obscenity charges
when Pterodactyl is published, but that
they are confident that the courts would
not find Pterodactyl observe.
ﬁg
Klelnschmidl Elected
Professor John Kleinschmidt (French)
has been elected Chairman or the faculty iii a special election. He will com<
plate the unlimited term of the present
chairman, Joseph Wall (history) who
will locate his post after becoming
Dean oi the college in September. Kleinschmidt will serve until the regular election in September, 1970.
S ideal Harassed
Racist Arrested
Last week, Roy Walker '69, a black
student, filed charges in Justice of the
Peace Court in Grinnell against a man
who he identified as having passed him
in a car and shorter racial sluts at him.
Vernon Schooley of Grinnell pleased
guilty to the charge of disturbance of the
peace and was fixed $25.
Schooley was in a car with three or
four others when they passed Walker
last Thursday and shorter racial sluts,
such as “bigger", at him. when the car
passed, Walker tried to get the license
number, but the car was too dirty for
him to read it. Knowing from past experience that they would probably be
back, he wanted, and when they are
placed again, he copied the license number from the front of the car. He then
gave this information to the Grinnell
Police Department, and Schooley was
picked up within a half hour.
Although others in the car, continue
tion workers in their early agencies,
had also shorter these sluts at him,
Walker could only relatively identify
Schooley, so he only tried one complaint.
This was the first time, however, that a
complaint had been tried, although this
harassment “is not unusual at all,” according to Walker.
Walker said that incidents like this one
occur “constantly," and there have been
cases involving visiting black directories,
as well as black students Usually, however, the students are unable to get the
license number of the car.
Grinnell Police Chief Bill meters told
the 58:}! that this is the first time any
such case has gone into court, since the
calendars have been juveniles in all the
previous cases he knew oil in these
cases, meters said, he has brought them
and their parents to the police station,
and talked to them, “overall to overall."
ﬂ!
Political Dealing Begins
By TED GLICK
Although most of Wednesday night'l
Senate meeting was rather mandate,
one totally event did occur concerning
the choice of a new Finance Committee
chairman. The decision, now qualified
due to the remaining oi applications for
all Committees, appeared to he the first
“political dealing” oi the new administration.
Freshman senator Andrew grill had
been interested in being on the com.
little and attended the April 15 meet.
ing of the Committee with SGA President, Jim new. At that meeting the
old administration recommended widespread budget changes including a $50
cut in the AWS and Com? salaries.
Committee member Michael larger endorsed this measure to fighter a slim
budget and because the jobs are now
less demanding
grill and larger applied for the position of Finance Committee Chairman.
grill recommended acrosstherboard call
are increases for SGA, AWS and soil-l?
treatments. A board composed of honest
boston, Jane West, Jim new. Frank
Thomas. and Bill Thomas chose grill for
the championship,
In explaining the board's action, new
said, “When I select a chairman. ll
SENATE——
(Continued Page 8, Column I)
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 25l I969
 
EDITORIAL
Hillbilly is Overthrown By Queen of the Mountain
before spring break the Student affairs Committee asked for applications for the
use or the collegeowned ditcampus houses. Several drive students submitted proc
totals to the proper “decision making” machinery 7 the Student details Committee.
The committee accepted several proposals, and many left for vacation happy at
the prospect or living in their desired environments. The folklore house group became
known as the prospective residents of “Hillybilly Heaven.” It looked as though this
Hoposal, which had the unotlicial backing oi the American Studies department (Mr.
green), was going to be a reality and that they could pretty well count on home«
ahead rights for '69-'70.
it became progressively more apparent, however, that in the studenHaculty, administration trinity which composed the committee, the administration is the most
omnipotent body. Dean Low decided that oi the approved proposals, which were the
cold German House, the cold Inner College (2 houses), and the Men's Folklite
House, only the German House is acceptable in its proposed form. The Inner College,
she says, can probably have one women’s house. The men in Inner College are out,
and the Folklile House gets the good old American luck in the eye.
The reason: the number 01 spaces [or women has to remain constant, and if 10
or 12 men moved into Pine Tree the balance would be upset.
Now this may be hair enough to say, but why should there be about lo men
in German House. The reason for this is also simple: The German House is a pet
project of Dean Stauss.
it is apparent alter this action (not quite final as yet) that the administration
should examine its priorities. Does it really want to replace the cleveland oi residential like at Gl'innell with something more meaningful, or does it want to proceed
at its own “smooth” pace and not rock the boat. An understand male student has no
alternative to the directory system than to live nilvcampus generally and pay double
rent. Dean Low is provide to the students as Well as to the faculty, which is also
represented by the Student affairs Committee, that she is willing and able to overview any decisions they may make. Dean Low might just. as well do away with the
superﬂuous Student details Committee it she is not going to take its decisions
seriously. it seems not outside her realm bl power.
5. K.
 
 
 
Where The Truth parts
By TOM THOMAS
“It will not do {or us to Say, ‘I gave
something only yesterday to this or to
that} You would not say so it you saw a
man dying at your door or hunger; you
would give all you may have to satisfy
the hunger oi that dying man. in the
present case. the only difference Is that
millions are dying tar away learn you,
car hour the place where you call home.
but with whose welfare you are lndlssole
ugly found up. it would also not do to
say that what you give will be or no use
to the ocean or suppliers, for it is the
drops that make the ocean. it becomes.
therefore, the duty of all to give oi all we
can. Our cause is just. “We find no escape from our course it we are to find
justice." ~ Ghalldi
On Tuesday oi this week, I joined almost 250 student body treatments and
newspaper editors drum across the country in expression our intent to refuse to
serve in the armed forces at the United
5 . yes as long as the Vietnam war month yes. Our statement says in port. “has-
ig worked though legal processes without result and consulting the continuing
crisis oi the present situation, we find
ourselves left without other alternatives.”
The release goes on to state that “we
will refuse induction and aid and support
lilose who decide to red " . We now first
number ourselves among those students
who cannon at this time square military
duty with integrity and conference."
At the present time, a statement pt
complex:ty with draft resistant is being
calculated here at Grinnell. Tl‘int statement reads as follows:
The fund eniul inn mobility and inc‘ casino mortality ci our nation’s course
in Vieiliﬂm compete us to commit our
lives to changing that course. response
biiity lies smith each oi us. The killing
must be stopped. we stand with lilose
young men who in the American trader
(on of civil disobedience relate (O will)rnlt to all unconscionable military dl'illl.
We ourselves are not visible for the
draft (at this time) but we publicly area
nouitce our individual and joint cornell
city in displaying this law. along with
the young men who are reducing tue
draft.
We do not ulltlc .e this dcilon Ilgllily,
We are weekly aware of the penalties
which may he exactly for this action:
“Universal Military Training and Service
Act, Section 12, Penalties. Any person
who i . . knowingly counters, aids, or
areas another to refuse . . , registration
or service in the armed forces , , i shall
upon conviction in any district court or
the United States . . . be finished by
infringement for not more than five
years or a time or not more than $10,000
or by both i .
We explicitly encourage, aid and abet
this Civil disobedience and thus place
ourselves in equal legal jeopardy with
draft refugees. We cannon leave them to
take the risks alone (or what is the basic
act of conference in our time.
I have signed the above statement and
would encourage others to do so. As
David Hawk, Coordinator of the student
body treatments statement and presently
under investment [or reducing induction,
said ill a recent letter, “there dress’t
seem to be any likelihood or an depending end to either the war or the draft.”
As paul Alinsky said, continuing Ghandi,
”Now is the time for mass organization, for mass action. The individual,
alone. cannon provide the necessary
change." Resistance is such i call for
class action—a cell that you can answer
— a call that must he answered now,
Join us on May 1.
The charles & Black
Student Newspaper of
Grinnell College,
Grinnell. Iowa
an independent
or Dubllxhcu w
sun -
\ on win. ,
so” .. r31 c
: / win-ice on Slur Ptiulla If
, ,3 t (ms surnnnnnu
twiuuisstur )uﬂo per stiiuol
. susan KAE n
BRUCE Sruonl
BILL ltnhrrrtrv
. biivlb SWEE
SARAH Aubosiv
Editor
bus css loan-r
Ted 6 n laura, holly nicotine,
Alice not, i, mark 5-
.li et 5. in. inuninnu Sit-hi.
songs SHIN“, Erlt: server
talk of the town
By FREDRICKA NELSON
minerals, students. replies—fingers all
to some 7 we've made the trout page
of the herald register. perhaps i should
say jeri-y robin has made it for us. pop<
items is determine in general, and we de
served a good part or two columns and
numerous photos. 1 would like to take
this opportunity to comment on the affair, as it probably has been the talk
of the town or will be for a few weeks.
in the heraldrregister article i noticed a
couple of good phrases: "students retired in deliberately largely clothing,”
and “‘jerry’s here, he's in the bathroom.‘ ” since i haven’t studied the
whole article i won't make any “delivering" comments on its point or view or
content. let it be said that we were
noticed.
at the robin assembly you had to have
your seat from the first because the
college community turned out for the
“nipple night” abundantly. that seems
rather paradoxical since we’re supposed—
ly closer to the “liberal" tradition. we
hetrayed our interest in the educational
>— even in “educated” circles sensationalists have lots or appeal. no reflection
is meant in mr. robin. only, as the doors
have said, “people are strange,” especially in their predictions. but that‘s
another rap and i’ll go into it some
other time.
i was most comfortable at the assets
fly with jerry robin, and i think i know
just exactly why. mr. robin has a dangerous sense 01 humor and he uses It
to try and communicate a “very serious thing” called revolution. i suppose
the evening would have been even more
entertaining ii i had been there from
the time the ﬁrss bubble burst til the
happy-ending hand shake.
by contrast to permalink dozen and
the other “heavy" political that i heard
last week. jerry robin looked strange,
but founded remarkable human. it was
pointed out in the panel discussion that
followed that the audience should have
thought more deeply than its gleeiul
reaction indicated. it that’s Valid at all,
it’s only a little bit so, the rest of the
weekend emphasized the way people set
themselves apart from each other with
identifies and styles. sometimes these
differentiallons are interesting, but to a
new oi us they are the things that the
revolution should square. we have had
such a long and dangerous history at
classes because of “the way we‘re
made." war, poverty allocation and
every other evil that you can imagine
springs ii‘om some dumb fool man looking at his neighbor with everything but
love, and not doing god's commandment
to treat the other dude just like he would
like to be treated himself. in: not say—
ing there's only one holy way to show
your yellow beings how to make it. you
can use any words or features that lit
the meaning, but you sure better do it.
even it you coupon’t stand it) look at
robin, you almost have to admit that
he didn't use his words to integrate your
mind into change. which is a very fine
touch to climax a political week. god,
the big man in the sky, told us a long
time ago that we’d never know nutltin‘,
though we continue to die trying. the
thing that i remember in particular
about mr. robin was that. he said he was
a man who loves to shake hands With
people, what could be more appropriate
for the politician of planners than [0
use with loving care the feature of the
politician oi america.
i‘ve said enough about jerry robin and
where We ended up leads right into
something a reserved spoke on the other sunday. reserved robert e, devel delivered a good talk on the technical perspective today.
he also offered interesting views or
jc‘s time, can you imagine what an searching christ was in his day and how
he probably seemed to the private to be
the jerry robin of rome?
 
lETTERS
Revolution textile Hell of It
To the Editor
I was asked to give an ”overview",
of the New Leit conference. Well, 0.x.
Here's an overview.
Paul boolean is against water and
air pollution and wishes young radicals
were too.
annie chambers quotes the Bible and
Andrew Young realized that big corporations are his enemy.
Allard Lowensteln thinks we can purple America by election a new more
“good look" like him to Congress.
narrative cohen wants a cooperative
rather than competitive economic sys
tel to english racing and imperialism.
Jerry robin knows that you change a
society with your like and your body,
not with intellectual historic.
cal proper thinks that third party
politics. (a la the 30‘s) is our hope for
the future.
Actually, it all happened just before
Robin’s Speech. millions, hobbies, flags,
nipples, FREE, and flying money zlll
over the pl Somewhere between the
six and M000 was given or thrown
away A 55 oil was turned in the harmony. One of the millions had a $20 bill
in it.
That was the New Politics Conlei-once.
That was the New Politics. Rev . ,
For I!“ Hell til it is here. And its here
to stay.
li you listings to the speeches and
pad attention to all those words, line.
But don‘t be received. That wash't the
New Politics Conference. The New Politics happened with the full garbage can
_ —1
(platform) in front oi Lowenstein. It
happened when prot. Al Jones called
robin “catholic” and everyone was too
busy playing with millions to notice. it
happened with 3.000 millions. $50, and a
whole lot of good video living through
the air all at once. To some people it
never happened. Sorry if you missed it,
it was a helluva lot of fun.
By scientific. objective, analysis,
l know that those who pick clos<
ing no. 2 belong to the New Politics,
those who pick no. i don’t.
Closing no. 1: sincerely,
H. R. Gross
Closing no. 2: Love. Peace, Fm,
Julie Kupferberg
New Politics commented
To the Editor:
i wanted to express my appreciation
to the Student Planning Committee and
professor Gilmollr. Director oi the Program iii Practical political Education,
for their role in browsing to Grinnell the
conference on the New politics.
During my live years at Grinnell there
have been many occasions when people
have described upon Grinnell for educatonnl purposes — lectures, coffee hours,
conferences, and corporations. Few. in
my opinion, have been as worthwhile as
last weeks conference.
in addition to the substantial information made available to the college coinniunity, there were some additional
benefits realized. To those students who
organized the Coniei-once there was the
valuable experience or doing so and to
nose identical at recruiting students
with such responsibilities there is the
e,idence that student involvement is not
necessarily dangerous.
RAY HORTON
 
Friday. April 25. HA?
SCARLET AND BLACK
New Politics guest‘sons Unanswered
By DIXIE HARRINGTON
The New Politics Conference
based the same old questions,
and answered none of them. In
every speech there was some
major tlaw that weekends the
whole argument. in several
question and answer sessions,
good questions raised key issues, which the speakers loaded.
What is most integrating to
many of us who would like to
work effectively for social
change is that while we realize
it is most effective to work
within a group or movement,
we can find no group which is
satisfactory. Wouldehe activists
are held back by well-certified
double about affiliation with
any particular group or following any particular plan or action.
Rather than reaching conclusions train the conference, I
prefer to restore certain un<
answered questions which must,
i think, be answered consistently e and i find Mr. robin's
jubilant anatomy and Miss
Dohm’s handmedown tourism just as under ending as Mr.
Lowenstein’s abc ng faith.
era industries interest in
“The System?” Must capitala
 
1. bowl what is it?
Python LTD'.
Fully equipped.
I. shit happened to your paper
Mark IV
1 just coupon't identify
with unit car.
4. Don't you think you ought to
hold only a t more slide a
month, click
when you joe a great
buy eouuug your way,
you love to grab it.
3. That‘s what on said about
the Sidewin er Eight.
But a Python is something else. Four-anytime
ﬂfor, slkehnnel cal-l),
console tech. ..and
what a steady
5. That's what i tllrl )catering—
signed up for Living Insurance
front available. At toy or e the
cost is low, and 1 get still
pl‘function now that will continue
to cover my family later when
I got formed. Plus nice
nest egg where return.
With the right set of
wheels, you’ll go to
long way,
For information about Living Insurance, sec The sun from E uitilblc.
For career opportunities at
write: Lionel M, Stevens, Manager,
available, set: your Placement 0 root, or
College Employment.
THE gifEQUlT/butts
Tim iiqnitrhio Liro Arsnmnco article ot the United Stntrs
1-; Avenue oi the diet-there, New
Air xanax Opportunity Employer, M/ll‘
- rk, New York roots
D izmninble look;
ibm necessarily explore people?
Do the institutions —alld those
containing them — have inter
ests which can only be served
at the expense of “the people?"
will the efforts of those on
the far left make easier or
more difficult the task of the
minerals in winning reforms?
will there be a right-wing reaction which not only will supplies the radicals but also hills
or reverse the progress made
by liberal recorders? Or will
the leitward swing of the far
left move the “middle of the
road” further to the left and
thus make possible greater progress by the liberal Establish.
menu? Will the progress made
by the liberal Establishment be
significant or will fundamental,
systematic evans remain?
li revolutionary views privacy in the left, would the
means necessary to win to rev—
dictionary struggle pressure the
establishment of a human society afterwards? (Miss D,
didn’t sound very humanities.)
How does the free action of
the generated person help to
solve specific social problems
such as poverty and racing?
is personal freedom (a la robin) only a new form of selfiudulgence, or does it serve
“the movement” by Contributing to the breakdown oi this
society and/or the establishment of a new and “good" so—
dirty?
Are the “black values" that
the “black culture” allocated
talk about similar to the human
values that white radicals want
(such as sharing, community
and cooperation rather than
certain kinds oi competition)?
Is the youth revolution “complaint"? Example — profits
on drugs, on “nipple" style
clothes? is “doyourownthing”
a form of “bourgeois individualism” which contributed nothing
to the revolution?
Are we powerless or power-
Pigo rural
jul? Can people be powerful in
or out of “the system”? Is
there a danger that people will
lose hope and stop trying —
radicals recreation to Vermont
farms, minerals recreation to columbia to wait for 1972 and Ted
Kennedy? What bottles need to
he bought now — black in anti<
war activity, need for antleABM
campaign?
15 the “Liberal Establishment” really “The Enemy?"
Or is “The Enemy” all those
who hold office and power —.
whether conservative, moderate, or liberal in their stated
philosophy — and who become
projectors of the status que because they are in power? is it
wise to attack Lindsay but ignore maryland?
How exterior are the common
interests of minerals and radio
Gals, 0! recorders and revolutionaries? On what issues are
critical alexander possible? On
what issues are black-White alexander possible?
 
No getting
By MICHAEL BRANDON
Although Grinnell men are
now permitted to interface
women in their rooms, the
residence calls are Still off«
limits to men's real best friend,
the dog.
The College dress’t mind
getting in the residence calls —as long as pets area't involved.
Animal lovers who want to be
friends with Fido have to live
off—campus.
The College's attitude towards pets was rather clearly
revealed in the following memorandum sent to a resident of
Read (generic) Hall last week:
As stated in the student Handbook,
N0 part are allowed in the residence nails Thls, ot course, applies
to your kiticn t rows advised you
bacon; to make other arrangements
for hint so it i find him. or any
other pet in your room, i all| be
forced to take tue, in case you can‘t
find a since for him, i know a thirty
that would make a good home for
lung. Just let me know. Wu would
appreciate your cooperation.
Thank you,
Mrs. L. Anderson
Executive nousokcepcr
The onslaught of spring seems
to have turned the nancy or
young Grinnellians to animals.
Mrs. Anderson said that the
warm weather brought with it
“the worst problem I’ve seen."
She estimated that she has had
to deal with around 15 incidents involving Student pets
this year.
She said that the College ban
on pets in residence calls “is
certainly necessary," explaining that “the missed they (the
pets) create are left there for
a long time and the mails
have to clean up."
College Assistant Business
Manager Ralph l<. Polnerenk
explained that the College pet
policy “is primarily based on
the questions or noise, sandra<
tion, and property damag .
Pomerenk said that bar ing
is “a universal practice" in
directory situations, and that
Grinnell has never allowed pets
in the residence calls tn the
best oi his knowledge.
He said that space problems
make pets in the calls unavailable, and that pets are not:
easily housebrokco.
Pomerenk noted that dogs
create a problem because they
“crew and gnaw on furniture,
and sometimes invite printers
such as areas."
“In a hall where there is an
—x
Allowed in Residence Zoos
unattended dog it’s an unsanitary, thinking mess," he added.
Pumerenk said that special
error: is made by the housekeeping state to Inform students
in advance that they cannon
keep pets in their rooms, so
that students don‘t become at
cached to their pets and then
have to give them away.
“We hope that students will
understand the long range significance," he said.
Pomerenk said that his staff
is content about enhancing the
no-pet rule when students have
equations. ”Fish don’t offer
the problems a four-posted written does,” he explained,
“HDWCV6r,” Pomerenk continued, "we do move in on details, clusters, and guinea
pics because they other drama
problems and message problems."
Pomerenk said that a recent
problem he had to deal with involved a lamb that was being
kept in the counsel‘s. “I don’t
know anyone who's able to
housebreak a lamb," he pointed
out.
He Said that dealing with the
lamb problem was especially
difficult because “lamps are
sort or clumsy little things that
people get emotional about,"
“The lamb became ill, and I
understand that when lamps become ill they usually ci-oak,"
Pomerenk said, Apparently the
lamb in question did, Indeed,
pass away.
Pomerenk also expressed
concerts about the groups at
dogs that have been camping
around campus lately. “When
you get a whole bunch of them
sharing a bitch in heat they
become religious to people,"
he said.
“The students like to watch
them because it's biologysinractiml," he continued, “but we
try to discounted it."
Dean oi Students 5. Eugene
Thompson expressed concern
about. the dog packs ltd SEES in
front oi nursing Library be
cause “they get various when
people rough-house with them."
“The dogs really get pretty
flakey," Thompson chuckled.
“and i guess they develop dog
neuroses."
Thompson said that permits
king pets in the calls would.
create housekeeping problems,
and that pets might get restricted.
“You can have some pretty
weird problems," Thompson explained, He said that students
Sometimes lock fitness in their
closely when they go to class.
“The fitness sort or soul up the
place and make noise, and
sometimes ‘even go Crazy."
In addition to the problem of
mistreatment, Thompson pointed out that “if you get enough
animals together in a hall, it
sends to smell pretty bad."
Perhaps one explanation for
the sudden “petomenia” at
Grinnell is the opening of a
downtown pet store last month.
charles Lillie, manager or
Grinnell Aquarium and Pet
Supply, said that so far- she
hash‘t sold many pets to col‘
legs students. She did sell one
Siamese cat and one dog to students, but she said that the
students were probably off—
campus residents.
Students living on—campus
have bought “quite a few fish,"
she said, and one girl bought a
titten. The girl later returned
the titten after she brought it
to class and her professor told
her she shouldn’t keep it.
Dean Thompson asked the pet
store manager not to sell to college students, but emphasized
that he didn’t order her to do
so.
“You can’t tell people what
to do," Thompson said.
Dogs who frequent the Grinncll campus seem undisturbed
about the College’s notes [low
ice, Bandit, a mixed-breed
spokesman for campus casinos,
recently told this reporter: “I
don't care about their silly, someone rules. If 1 owned a doghouse, I probably worlds't allow college administrators in it.
They while all the lime and
create a housekeeping problem.”
Elephant, another dog who
speeds his days on campus, re<
based to discuss the no~pet pole
ice with the job. Turning up
his nose, lie tmttcd away,
related a tree, and did his
thing.
The tree was unavailable for
comments
 
By MARY MALCOLM
homework: I interpreted seven Grinnell students about their experiences
with additions. Six were girls who have
had additions. One was a boy whose
girlfriend, not at Grimell, had an abortion. The emphasis on the girls is undoubtedly displayed. The decision not
to interview the boys involved in six
or the cases was surely critical —
1 already had more material for the
story than I could possibly use.
I did this article for two reasons.
One is to remind Grinnell students
that abortion laws exist and transform
a rather minor operation into a major crisis in two people‘s lives. Perhaps this article can contribute to a
general awareness of the need to repeat these adjust and intimate laws.
My other reason for writing the article
Is to help to create an atmosphere at
Grinnell where human sexuality and
the dilemmas surrounding it lease to
be threaded in secrets and shame, but
can be opened rated and discussed.
The enhanced pregnancy is perhaps
the most secretary or all aspects or
sexuality, but this secrets only reflects our more general tables and
fears concerning sexual behavior.
The stories I will tell are in the words
of the people involved. I have edited
and referenced extraordinary, and
offer my abilities for any misrepre<
situations of feelings or experiences.
Names are not mentioned. While some
of the individuals involved share my
opinion that secrets about abortion is
managing both to the person involved
and to others who ought to be exposed
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Ca see a nd
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3977
E. J. lenses, 0.0.
OFTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
closed hours. PM.
and Set. PM
SCARLET AND BLACK ~
Abortion — A Reality for Grinnell Women s
to the experience, the fact of lllegality
remains.
Girl A: “I was in a state of shock and
fisheries. The whole way it was arranged
was super-underground, in the Al Capone
sense of the word. We met the Contact
at a motel parking lot. My boylriend
coupon’t go with me. This little breast
man took me to another motel where the
doctor was. When I walked in he said,
"Well, you're my fourth tonight." He
wash’t a very professional-looking person. I coupon’t tell it they sterilized the
the things they used, They had a big
plastic sheet on the bed and he performed it on the bed. He tried to calm
me and I had tranquilizers. The breast
little man times out to be kind of nice.
He talked with me and jokes with me the
whole time. trust had a local anesthetio
~novocaine in the vagina. The ﬁrss ten
minutes were okay. I was fairly related. The little man kept talking to me
and making about girls from iowa. He
was saying I must be one of those tough,
corn—led girls. And he was saying he’d
had a couple or other girls from Grinnell come to him.
“The last live minutes when he was
shipping out the uterus were extremely
painful. I thought I was going to die. I
had to give him the money ahead of
time, which was sort oi threatening. He
finished the abortion and they were still
making around, trying to get me to relax
because I was very nervous by then and
hard to work on. Then he said ‘Well.
I'd just like to tell you that you're not
pregnant anymore.’ And then they said.
‘Weli, when are we going to see you
here again?’ And I wash't meeting very
goodrhumored and just said, 'Well, I
don’t know.’ He said ‘What do you mean?
We’re never going to see you ngainl' "
If Anything Happened. . .
r was just certified at the idea ol going
through that again. And then the breast
little man took me back to the motel
parking lot to meet my boytriend. 1 just
had the physical thing to go through
because I was in a state of fisheries. I!
was much worse for him. He had to
wait and think about things like telling
my parents it anything happened.n
Boy: "I could never get a very clear,
.\
x,
Send a smile or
a laugh
at
W
CONTEMPORARY
CARDS
Book 'N Card
 
Weekends Aren't
Without A Trip
'i'o Ahrv's
(NEITHER ARE WEEK DAYS]
AbdeANG'S PEZZA
TOM Er BETTE GARBISON
236-6222
notion of what the operation detailed
and how serious it was. There was tear
in general about her, about her health
and mental state, and how it would at:
rest us. i text badly in a way, the whole
thing was more a trial on her than it
was on me. I didn’t seem to be quite as
directly involved in the whole thing. Although I was, I didn't seem to be. She
was the one who was having the baby,
having the operation. All I could do was
just be with her."
Girl B: “It caused some crisis in our
relationship at the time because at the
tension. But after the abortion it was
just heaven — it was the high point or
the relationship. In fact, during the
abortion: as much as I could think, the
fact that he was there, holding my head
and hand. We delivered so very, very
well this major crisis in our relationship.
It can’t help but bring people closer to
gather.”
Girl C: “If it women’t for the money
Ind my having to concept it from my
talks I’m kind of grateful for the experience because I’ve learned how much I
can really trust members or my family
and some of my friends. I think my relationship with my boyiriend has gotten
better. It’s made me a much more let<
trouble person just because I really realize more about what interactive means.
It’s not mythical or anything anymore."
Girl D: “It brought us closer together.
'All of a sudden we were considering
practical things that we had never had
to consider at Grinnell. If anything our
relationship is stronger and better now.
Now there’s not anything we can’t talk
about. i think even it people area't having interactive or are using contraceptives, they should tall-r about abortion.
It's something people don't talk abou .
’that’s opportunity. I've never talked to
my parents at all, about anything. I
think if I had, I probably would have
been able to talk to them about the
abortion. But it made me feel so much
more responsible to have handled something that could have been a crisis by
myself, without their help. It made me
feel proud, like I knew my own mind. I
haven't left better continually for a long
time. I was going out of my mind before
it happened: conflicts with parents, feeling so secretary, unable to study."
Had To Put On arcade
Girl E: “I was observed with being
pregnant. 1 had to get an abortion to live
through the whole thing. before that I
was an innocent little chick, after that I
became very class and hard. Only re-
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Acids: train the best brain.
GRINNELL. IOWA
gently have I begun to talk about It. i
still have a few built pants, not: obou
killing the baby but what it could have
done to me. I was very healthy at the
time, and that probably had some;
thing to do with my being tonight afterwards. I was so believed afterwards .—
I tell like a huge burden had been llhedt
i worlds't say anything, had to put on a
arcade before parents and brands,
coupon’t communicate With my boyfriend
I was really shock up about it. I knew i
was doing the wing thing. I should have
gone to mother. But I coupon't. it would
have hurt her because I hadn't gone 3
her before, for birth control. She would
have placed herself. For a while )
placed her, but now I’m getting more
perspective. It associated my boyfriend
that it would happen to me (hotel E'I
boyiriend was not the rather. The prev.
nancy occurred during a summer od
separation). Later he said “Ray, we’ve
really been through a lot but we've come
through it. I think we can make
through the rest of life,”
(Note: E’s abortion was performed by
an unlicensed important doctor with no
anesthetic whatsoever, in a friend's apartment. He washer the instruments
with soap and hot water, but did nOI
stability them. Her abortion, at $250,
was one or the more dangerous and
certainly the most painful and brighton
ing of those I heard described.)
“It's really scary. It’s really daughters
ing because of all the things you associate with abortion — back rooms, and
it’s dark. All the movies. It’s a ten-la
buy threatening, ugly thing to think about.
It's just so crazy, when you think that in
Russia it you’re pregnant and you don _
want a baby you just go to a hospital and
in 48 hours you get an abortion -— it's
just accepted. I don’t think it designed
my belief in God or my ability to love at
all, I think it enhanced it. I never talked
the abortion over before. i decided the
only way was to forget about it, I’ve
never really told anybody from begin.
king to end. I think it's good to talk
about it. My story is pretty scary. It
goes to show that abortion laws should
be changed. I’d hate anybody to go
through what 1 went through."
It’s Out Of Your Life
Girl F: “When I got back I realized the,
abortion had taken up so much or my
time and energy that there was just a
void. You suddenly realize that you've
got to stop thinking about it now. It's
out of your like. Often I look back at I!
now and I can’t believe it happened and
then l realize it tlid happen.”
Girl E: “i think the general campus
feeling on abortion was one of secrets.
I didn't share that feeling. If others
asked my advice, I’d give them my
experience, lavorabie as it was, but
not entertainment It's up to the illdiVld—
nfl. The only thing I can do is accept my
Step Up To
~i,-. m
JD'S RESTAURANT
922v. Main
Mon. . Sat. 5 to lo pm.
Sunday — Noon to lo p.nt.
r - "amneMerovwwH
 
Friday. April 1!, I969
experience and not hide it from anyone."
Boyl “I haven't told very many per-
‘tale. It‘s not like we're trying to keep
it a really big secret, but there is a
hesitanoy to let it be known, I just
didn’t feel like I really wanted very
many people to know. I think'that they
ought to know that stuff like this does
happen and is present, but I don’t parncularly want them to associate it
.With me. The people I told have been
friends. The others, I don't see how it
could matter to them that I personally
have had this abortion. I guess if they
could relate it to a defining person it
would seem a lot more real. I suppose
all the "good minerals" would say if it's
the alternative we chose that would be
our decision. But I don't know how ii:
‘would affect their relationship to me if
they knew that I personally had gone
through this. I just had a value idea that
I disturbed with abortion laws before,
but it's quite a bit more real to me now.”
Girl C: “The only harm I could see in
changing abortion laws is that people who
‘don’t want additions will be forced to
have them by people who are assumed.
I think it would be completely up to
the individual, If abortion were real easy
it would be good but I think a person
should have to think about what the
relationship means and what the baby
means, and then decide on her own inn
steam of just doing the natural thing,
iivhat everyone else does."
My parents would have taken me out
5“ school, taken me home, forced me to
have the Child. They would have been
in portal shame. I would have had to
suit school and not come back. They
want the best {or me, but they coupon't
stand the shame it would have brought
on the family. If I told them now, they
would concern it. I doubt if they would
‘believe it at first. I think they would
think it best that I handled it myself."
As If Nothing Happened
Girl B: ”I had it right before Christmas vacation. I had to lie that the car
broke down to excuse getting home a few
days later. i had to go on just as if
nothing had happened: go out and showed
'snow, go skiing, play outdoors as usual.
I blvd for three or four weeks and l was
really weak. I got tired of living a lie.
Finally i told them two nights before
I left for school. My parents area’t
against interactive, they think it's up
to me, although they've increased in
acne the idea that it’s terrible and dirty
before marriage. They're for organizing
abortion, but against illegal additions
because of the danger to the person.
But as much as they're against abortion, they’re not upset with me for having had one, but for getting in a situation where I needed one .”
Boy: “I told my parents afterwards.
They were mostly concerned for her
health. When we told her parents, they
didn’t want to talk with me right away.
So they went off to her father's study
to talk. They were very disappointed
in her and concerned about her health.
They were especially hurt and discs<
pointed for her not telling them. They
women’t particularly angry. It’s almost
like it’s over and done with and there’s
"ho sense in warning on it.”
Girl F: ”I won't tell my parents. I’m
protecting them. I was in a strange mood
while i was home because 1 had to hide
things like morning darkness. Mother ev-
SCARLET AND BLACK
W
In placed herself for my depression
when I was home. She would certainly
blame herself for this. I also want to
protect myself from their opinion of me."
Girl Azj "I’m protecting them. It
would be very mind-blowing to my notes
er. I’m protecting her mental health.
It’s not as if I could be around day after day to keep explaining it to her. !
was very frightened by the idea of having to tell my parents, They'd be very
checked. It’s something single girls
shouldn’t be able to have done because
they should be finished for their deficit
acts of interactive. They think it should
be available for some people but not
everyone because it would promote
promisculty.”
Parents wellness Too
Girl E: “I think part of the problem
with parents is the illegality. If you come
to them, they’re as wellness as you are.
They don't know where to find a safe
abortionist. They don’t think it’s a bad
thing to have a baby, just irresponsible.
But what can they do?"
Girl C: “When the doctor told me I
was pregnant it was like criteria. I
didn't know what to do. I had to take
exams and everything. By the time I
found out that a friend’s mother could
arrange it and I could narrow the money
I was used to the tension. I was dumb. I
wash't afraid of the pain — just of
my parents’ knowing. I went to a woman with no medical training. She’s
been very successful, had only a few
accidents and they haven't been fatal.
She tried to reduce labor by staffing a
small rubber tube with air wrapped in
it into the uterus. It was very, very
painful and I don’t think it's supposed to
be and it blvd. Then cotton and other
things are stuffed in. The pressure
builds up and that causes the foetus to
be displayed. She was very good, i felt
like I Could trust her a lot. She told me
exactly what would happen and how
i would know if something was going
wrong and when to go to the hospital.
And she told me definitely to go to the
hospital when the thing got out. It was
supposed to come out within eight
hours. I was really sick for about two
hours. Then nothing happened for about
fighters hours. Then it just stopped out
and I knew there was something wrong.
Two days after that. I went to the hospital. I’d been bleeding quite heavily for
all that time. The insert said I'd need
a D. and C. (limitation and curettage
~involves a ordering of the cervix and
shipping of the uterus. This method
was used on A and B with local
anesthetics, and Du E without any
anesthetic at all) because the foetus was
partially displayed. He said 1 would just
have gone on bleeding if I hadn’t come
in. i spent that night at the hospital and
the next day had the operation under
general anesthetic. There was no pain at
all. I left the hospital that afternoon.
The total bill was $280. The doctor said
"if you don’t want us to notify your
parents we want." They didn‘t ask
where I was staying."
Like A Fantasy
Boy: “Throughout the entire pregnancy it just didn’t seem like reality.
it was just like it was something off in
another world. I’d just sit down and try
and make myself realize that this was
my situation and it just didn’t register
at all it was like a fantasy while I was
going through lt and it still is. The
only thing that wash’t like that was the
doctor. I think that was because he
was really wonderful. He was trying to
make us feel at ease and get us into his
confidence. We’d just sit with him and
talk about his actions against the abortionlaws.
He was talking about how he was a
rebel, he was living What he believed in,
trying to relate it to kids on college
computer, saying he was similar to
them except he was putting more on the
line because he was a licensed surgeon
and listing his career. We were in a private home. The most distinction thing
was the way he controlled the atmosphere. He showed more commission, concern, and feeling than the usual notion
of an abortionist.”
(Note: D and F went to the same abortionist as did the boy.)
Girl F: “It was painful, but not at all
threatening. 1 was well prepared by the
doctor and other people, and others who
had been through it. He was in an apartment with an unmarked box. I was to
knock on the door, and when it was up
eyed walk in, not saying anything. I
was confused about where it was but
I found it by the noise of people talking.
Then I saw a couple knock and walk in
with nothing said. The first day he
broke the focus at the Cervix and i sorted gauge worked with antiseptic,
causing the uterus to contract. lie packed
the uterus with gauge. Then we wanted
for 24 hours for limitation. wrapping
occurred. The next day, the major and
most painful part, he ﬁrss pulled the
packing out. Then he used the section
machine, which is manufactured in ,
. and cost 31000. It is a white box
with a vacuum pump inside, two start
bottles on top and homes coming out.
There are three different size puzzles to
insert in the uterus, depending on limitation. When he turns on the switch, you
can watch it go into the bottles, About
a cup of blood, foam, and broken tissue
came out. Then he directed a little to
looked it up, and then did the section
again. I had pretty bad frames, but I
felt alive again, ecstatic, placed, 1 could
hardly walk, but it was a beautiful feel
ing. The third day he did more parenting,
wired the elvis with antiseptic and
gave pen He generally operates
on five people a day."
Girl D “He was in a small apartment building. He moves frequently, and
usually has two places center besides the
one he’s in, He stays in each place maybe two weeks. He based as a distributor for soap, and even had soap lying
around. He sterilized everything twice,
first by heat and then cold. Four of us
were staying at the apartment. Different
people came in every morning. of the
people there none of them had any particular pain. He talked to us about what
was going to happen. He is very related
and inspired confidence. Everything is on
a first name balls.”
Abortion, abortion, Abortion
Girl F: “I assumed i was pregnant
from the start, when 1 found out I re—
logo Five
member trying to think of how I felt and
I felt ﬁne. I felt it was important to stay
same. 1 always kept my head. The only
sense of integrity I had was during
those three days when l was just
around people who talked abortion, abortion, abortion.”
Girl A: “I coupon’t stand the thought
of having to get married and have a
kid at that point. I didn't consider it.
There was never any doubt in my mind
about what I was going to do, I coupon't
talk to people about it. It was a very
mushrhiish thing. i didn't really believe
it was happening to me. That was the
only way I got through it. I was beautifully running around the library trying
to find books on abortion. They were all
behind the desk. Afterwards I was just
believed. I was still upset about the idea
that my parents might find out. It took
me six months to stop being overwhelmed by it. i think that’s primarily
because people just don’t talk about it
and you have to live with it by yourself
and just a few friends. Nearly two years
after the abortion I began to talk and
joke about it, but there was a great
tension. I’m still cartoons about who I
talk with about it because you can’t
trust how people will reach.”
AFTERWORD: Those who want to do
a little help to change the abortion
laws might begin by shipping this article and sending it with a letter to their
state legislature. The law, however,
is not an generation but R reflection
of preventing attitudes and values in
American society. It betrays a deep
misunderstanding of human sexuality,
of the freedom and responsibility of
individual women regarding child bears
ing, of the importance of the quality or
human life Is opposed to its merely
technical definition.
Like so many of our laws, it bears
heavily on the poor while the rich may
circumvent it. This is not inconsistent
with a Society dedicated to the protection of free enterprise but not the
elimination of poverty, in ii rising
G.N.I’. but not the improvement of the
environment, to the maximum use of
technology for efficient mass production to meet a manipulated, uniformiZed mass demand but not for discovering and responding to diverse human
needs and potentialities. Those who
wish to analyze and develop a strategy
to attack these deeper problems will
find hundred spirits in the Women for
Freedom group on campus.
OH NO!
BO
TEXACO
236-7205
 
Look Who 5 New!
Grinnell Aquarium & Pet Supply
Featuring
Birds — Tropical Fish — details —- clusters
DANISH MAID BAKERY
The Finest ln salaries
replies — fitness —— Goldfish
And
A Wide department of equations
And Pet Supplies
Usual and Unusual.
3'18 FOURTH AVENUE
930V: Main St. 236-6823
 
Page Six
We WanI In
By MOLLY MCGUIRE
The question of student attendance at faculty meetings
remains an active issue on
campus, although no decisions
have been made by the faculty.
A petition was calculated by
Dan Cheiﬂtz and Mike Brandon
asking that every student be
able to attend the meetings,
drawing signatures front about
ﬁnorthern of the Student body.
They intend to present this to
the faculty at the meeting today. (Friday)
Thursday, Brandon along with
Cheifetz who initially presented a proposal to the faculty,
met with President suggest to
discuss suggestions to be made
to the executive council, who
will other a proposal to the faculty.
The four main considerations
 
New announcement Possible
' Same proposed changes in the
announcement and baccalaurea
ate categories are being discussed and ﬁnoticed this week.
ROTC commissions will not he
even at the announcement,
tit at a private service that
was requested by ROTC.
President suggest iirinly
maintains his position on the
“to wear a role. or not to wear
a tube” controversy. He requests
that all seniors wishing to par—
ticipate in announcement
should wear their robert II they
prefer not to stand last with
tradition, they may receive
their diplomas by mail,
Last year’s anti-role section
eventually turned out to be one
lone consider who refused to
don his cap and down. The bad<
calaureate service will include
singing by the choir and some
Words by Reverend Haas. A queens Honor Professor will no
longer deliver an address and
this function may be assumed
by the President’s medalist instead.
SCARLET AN D BLACK
brought up were: 1) All students be able to attend the
faculty meetings; 2) The Stlh
cents would be able to speak
it recognized; 3) They would
not have voting privileges; and
4) The faculty Could hold Closed executive sessions it they
gave a reason for doing so and
explained what they were going
to cover at the meeting.
Earlier in the week, Mr, silver (English) distributed to the
faculty a sheet oi several alternatives they could (crew on
the question,
Classiﬁed Ads
LOST: Men’s gold ring with
sl'held design, Gregg range.
. island apartment.
Utilities paid, $50 per month,
1020 High St. Bob label 2366919.
FOR SALE: Brown convertible
touch. Good condition. Bruce
Strom, Ext. 24o.
WANTED: Typing in my home.
Joan Dcvcrcux. Ph, 236-4407.
Friday. April 25. mo
scripting Through History
By ALLAN HART
The now legendary Grinnell
stainless may have checked
numerous Iowans and in particular their elected represent
ratings, but the actions at
these students were tar from
revolutionary, and, amazing as
it may seem to the aiorementioned citizens, they certainly
did not set any procedures for
obscenity or public wellness.
According to Dr. Wall, scripting is an old form oi protest.
He pointed out in an interview
that one could certainly consider the nude ride of Lady
Godiva an authentic protest.
before that, during the protecting information, a group
known as the examines equipped
in church as part or their visual, They believed in a return to
the simplified and influence of
Adam.
Later on, right here in the
very United States at America,
the players, during the seven»
twenty century, protected verse<
action or their sent hy the Con.
gregatinnalists by scripting in
 
GIBSON'
816 5TH AVENUE
BUTTON
DISCOUNT
CENTER
CREST 'I'OOI'HPAS'I'E
$1.05 FAMILY SIZE
63¢
SECRET
NEVER PAY
RETAIL
BUY AT
DISCOUNT PRICES
 
LIQUID
public, This to them was thﬂ
ideal form oi totally non-violent
expression. Two centuries later,
the Abolitionists of the constitutional Church used public
nudity as a protest of players.
It is important to point out
that in those backward times,
the nude processors were not
finished for their acts or scripting; some received, though,
proposition and publication for
their beliefs.
Obviously, only in these modern times has it become clear
that the crime is in the ex«
ensure of the human body,
which is clearly dirty and lead.
not to mention removal.
In recent times, a religious
group, the Doukhobors of Can<
ada, have been the cause of
problems to authorities. They
believe that the road it) nudity
is through scripting and buying. The real problem there is
the burning: not only do they
burn their own homes, but en<
gage in bookings of other
buildings and automobiles.
However, the Royal Canadian
Mounted Police use the Duuk—
honors' mass gatherings where
the beginners strip en cause as
opportunities to make artists.
No one is really certain who
{irst originally the idea of
nudity as protest, but one of
the earliest records of such a
demonstration clearly shown
that this observe modify ex«
ensure was a device at the International Jewish Conspiracy.
1n the rights century before
Christ, the Jewish print isaiah
walked the streets of Jerusalem naked to protest his governments military alliance with
surrounding it a ti o n s to saidguard against the musicians!
One can draw numerous abilities with present contain
acres to the lead act of Isaiah.
Once again, we find that the
Jews are behind SDS, There is,
though, one important filter»
once between the Grinnell stainless and those of the past. The
Grinnellians' method of protest
was directly symbolic or that
which they were protecting _
a great, free enterprise! So, in
the end, we ﬁnd it is not a real
difference in protest but rather
the difference between the unenlightened governments of the
past and the tonight officials at
today. And, in the end, we
again find the International
Jewish Conspiracy the root at
t till iiiiiiiit
ROLL-ON AND SPRAY
room HOME DEODORANT
cited'é‘i'i‘é $1.09 SIZES
YOUR CHOICE
PRELI.
SHAMPOO
$1.09 SIZE
Eldridge cleaner‘s
W5. 0” IEE
A DELTA BOOK / $195
A Dell Publishing 00.. Inc.
 
Friday. 'April 25. not;
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
THE NEW SCHOOL COLLEGE
is the senior college of the New School for Social Research. an urban university
located in Greenwich village with all of New York city for its cameras. There
_are three main New School units. One is the Graduate Faculty. at leading center
in the SocialScicnces that others training to 2 40K! masters and doctoral \parents
under scholars like economics Robert still’aroncr. political Scientist paul x.
recover, and christopher Hannah trends. A second is the New School event g
division. which provides a vast range of courses. workshops, and lectures for
some 12.000 New workers annually. and serves as a major cultural center for the community-apparel with programs of concerts, ﬁlos, modern dance and art exhibitions. The newest unit is the
NEW SCHOOL COLLEGE
an undergraduate program, limited In 500 students. The College others a tworyesr program for
students who have already completed their sophomore year elsewhere. and who are interested in
earning their BA. with emphasis in humanities or social science, in a program which considers
undergraduate education important in itself.
instead of lectures. every class in the College is designed as n seminar, with about twenty students
sitting around a table to learn through participation discussion. instead or textbooks. the student
contracts the actual works produced by great minds of the past and the present—printable and
Sartre. proud and Eriksont Sophocles and centers Marx and paradise. Shakespeare and Picasso.
Joyce and Antonioni. attend ct requiring its teachers to engage in specialized research and publication, the College has a faculty whose primary commitment is to teaching. and it trees them from
extrinsic demands so that they can concentrate their parents on the instructional program. instead
or taking a collection of generated courses, residents take a additional programme set ot courses
designed by the faculty to ﬁt together into a total educational experience, And instead or a t‘ iior."
each student pursuit his own Individual Study Program in which he investigated. in con durable
depth and over a two- -year period a problem of his own choosing under the guidance ata
tumor.
The student. takes three year- 10 1; courses during his first year and two year- long courses during
his second. chi
institutes his additional Program. The rest of his time is spent in individual Stud-
its. which he initiated during his first year and pursuit for half oi_his time during his second year.
THE DIVISIONAL PROGRA . Unlike most
colleges. we are not divided into specialized
departments like English History, or Psychologyi We have only two options—the Humanities and the Social Sciences. The entering
student normally events to study in either the
humanities or the social sciences. but may
choose to work in both.
The signsﬁdance uf this unorthodox DiviIiondl structure is twotold. It means that the
student takes courses at an advanced level that
are generally interdisciplinary rather than narrowly specialized. And it means that the student
is free. in the Individual Study portion of his
program. to investigate a problem that deﬁes
the boundaries or conventional departments,
perhaps clothing across philosophy and drama.
orpsychology and economics.
THE HUMANITIFS: The humanities complete all the creations of man—in music, painting, and literature. in history, science. and
philosophy. Yet at most colleges. a student who
wishes to study these creations at an advanced
level must limit hinrselt arbitration to the study
or a single kind. and even to a single country
or period. There is no “department" at most
colleges that will allow him to major in both
Thomas Mann and Dostoyevskyi both winter
and Proust. And even when he pirates his study
to one of these ﬁgurex. the intellectual tools
that he requires for exploring the ideas ot that
writer in depth can only be acquired by taking
courses in full other departmentsepnilosophy
or theology or psychology. similarly. a student
who motors in the conventional Philosophy department cannon develop. within his specialized
courses, the synthetic sensitivity that he need:
to celebrate fully the philosophy of thinking
such as plate and Nietzsche and messenger.
whose philosophic options are expressed by
means ot image. myth. and dramatic action no
less than by rational discounts. It is for these
reasons that our study of the humanities is inn
terdisciplinary rather than transmitted entry departmental "motors."
We have designed a set of courses that ﬁt
together into a comprehensive investigation oi
the creations ot man. It is possible for us in
a single course to iuxta‘pose a creative by want,
a novel by Earth and a movie by toward in
order to deal fully with the problem under authentication. The emphasis is less on attempting
intornralton about particular works than on
discovering the methods of understanding and
appreciation that can he applied to rriiy‘works
The goal is to provide tools of analysts that
will extend the student‘s insight into the due
politics when he pursuit his own individual
Study.
Till: SOCIAL SCTENCES: The most worthwhile research in the social sciences sends to
involve two or more special s simultaneously.
Sehumpcter was an economics but Criniiulirni,
Smittil'run and Dt‘llc‘acltlry as well ph osophtc. political and historical. Myrdal rs an
economics. but The Alllcrlrnll metro draws on
many ﬁends, Alclltlt is a christopher. but 70third 'uuiui is historical. sociological and my
biological. And current client to understand
such diverse amendment as the underdeveloped
nations. iascisnr. poverty. and nipples look to
all or the social science discin net. We have
therefore constructed an those eyes program
in social science that is total y interdisciplinary.
The emphasis is on rormulnting new problems rather than learning the answers to old
problem. on marketing the methods by which
trtulr can he discovered rather than memoririne the trucks already known. and on undere
standing the seminar concepts that have proved
to be especially suggestion in illustration see
ei rl reality. The problems studied in this program as well as the read gs erha it no
universe establish o canon lc.
glory. They prev _ .
which the student can build th individual
Study program.
i
y
l
l
l
l
E:
i
THE INDIVIDUAL STUDY PROGRAM:
Onerquarier of the junior year and o half
of the senior year are reserved for individual.
ideal study. The student periods his own see4
dial interests finder the guidance of a faculty
tumor and by means or the analytical tools he
is developing in the additional program; his
work generally candidates in a written paper.
Some students form they own seminars or cn<
list members of the faculty to after special
courses; others take courses rrpm the just
programs, graduate. undergraduate. and adult,available at the New School for Social tzca
searchecourscs taught by such visiting specialists as Paul Douglas hello May. hazard austin.
leslie toddler, Lee sirasberg. Allen Ginsberg:
and others choose to work independently of
any course structure. under the direct super»
\‘l on or their motors The possibilities for in.
royal Study are i alcd by the accident
hinrsclt and limited only by his imagination
and intelligence.
THE INTER-DIVISIONAL CORE: At the
center of the additional Program are the
courses in which students and faculty from
both of the Divisions come together for intensive collaboration on common concerns, Per<
maps no other aspect of the College embedded
as radical a departure {mm the dominant
trends in American education as this one.which
we call the lutepDivisional Core. its purpose
is to discover new intellectual arts for dealing
with the problems nten contract when they
try to know and act, We concerns these in.
at arts as modern limitations ot the
tberal arts." whose original function was
men front old ways ot seeing
and doing.
The readings in these courses are drawn from
all the areas or knowledge—humanities. social
scientist natural sciences. and phllosnplly.Thcy
are selected to shed new light on some of the
tundanienial issues underlying all knowledge
and activity. is es like the relation between
fact and value theory and practice. subiec.
tivity and effectively. thought and audio in a
rigorous and serious manner. the courses in—
institute quiet'tons lite these: Are there “arts"
or discover intellectual strategies for hitting
upon new solutions to problems? Are there
any "hard facts" in the worlderacts that cant
he altered by the perspective from which they
are viewed? is there a method for making one—
salt inln an indicator rather than a positive
transmitted or outside forces?
Thus PROGRAM is now three years old. it has
drawn students from (War 100 concert and
universities throughout the u. Although it
emphasizes the value of educat n for its own
sake. substantial numbers units graduates have
b n admitted to toprrtmking graduate schools.
Tuition and fees are who. Most ot t e star.
wants like in private quarters near the School.
\Ve do not provide housing. We hate no gyni.
nniiurn. Only teachers students. classrooms
and books.
___..__________‘
Admissions 07h“
THE NEW SCHOOL
COLLEGE
NEW Sruoct roii Socixt Run-ml
tin Writ tztn Street
New york. N v, tooth
please send irie inc hultctrn and application for the
New School posters.
l am now suenornr
tcourtr a. unusual
Address
l
. U‘
—-r——————.——
city
L-
Page Seven
SPQRTS
Active Team Finds
Little Success
Last Saturday the Grinnell
baseball team detected due at
Cedar Rapids by scores of 4 to
1 (in ten ratings) and 4 to 3.
These victorian were started
by the matching of Scott canyon
and Rich Weeks. Hansen went
all ten ratings in ours. The day
before, Grinnell had lost to
Cornell at Mount Vernon in a
game which was zip and fuck
until an eight run rally in the
sixth ending blocked Grinnell
starter Sam Chandler out of the
box. handling him with the loss.
Still, the weekend road mp tell
the Pioneers with a 2 to 1 conference record and a shot at
the league title.
But Pioneer hopes dipped
shortly against noncouicrence
for \Vi 'am Penn at Oskaloosa
Tuesday. Team co—captain and
hitting star Frank Duhach sure
tired a deep cut on his tail
forward while making a tag
at home plate of a runner who
was trying to score from third
on a wild pitch. He will be out
OK action for the rest of the
season. Dubach, the starting
kitchen in the game, was taken
to a local hospital where
switches were taken. Lee Arbetn‘lan look over IOi' Dltbaclt,
underlying a {Our still deficit,
and kitchen the last live in
rings or the game allowing only
one more hit as the Pioneers
lost the first game ol the
scheduled doubleheader ﬁve to
nothing. Grinnell making only
three hits. Team hitting im—
proved very little as Penn also
won the second game, this time
by a score cl 6 to l as Phil
julie took the loss.
This weekend’s road games
against Knox and plymouth
are Crucial for the Pioneers if
they are to remain in the run»
king (or the additional title.
Grinnell returns home Tuesday,
April 29 101’ a doubleheader
with the current can .l'once
leader. interested Cornell,
Oil Campus, On Top
As or Tuesday the 1M. football standings were copper by
on Campus and Read, both
routing understood records of
1H) and 270 respectively. The
season is Just reaching his mid
print and was slightly hair
per'ed by ill weather. Standings
Wins Losses
(lit Campus 3
Rear]
North
West
East
D' 'e .
Clark
CoulBS
holmes
L do
it ice all or the gold curtis
area't in yet, of! Campus is un—
dcicatcd. but Read is expected
to movie non“) compete
1M. Cliaituinn, sorry N
is dieticssctl at the poor
but for gun and would like to
SC: it V ‘
Team Slltlrt Handed
planned by a plastic lack of
manpower the Pioneer gold
team has not been able w collect a victory in three ratings.
Only three players have seen
action in all three meets; yesterday, John henderson. Bill
shown and Kevin present.
Illness has undefined paul Jacobson all spring, while truck
Peterson and Ralph christianity have each missed a meet.
The llnksmen travel to Des
points 20 the brake invite-
[total today and will host. Iowa
State. Knox and Cornell her!
next Tuesday. Coach powers
hopes to field a human team in
these meets. a fact he hash't
been able to manage yet this
season.
:
winners Grab let
Last Thursday the pioneer
under cold and winds cold
lions. scored their first victory
this season, The team. led by
Garden Abel and Thor johnson,
led Grinnell to 70 points against
joe's 4D and Knox's 35.
The surprise of the day was
Weeks who took top honors in
the javelin and dishes. color
johnson came through as usual.
winning the high jump in 6’2”,
long jump in 20’6" acid the 120
yard high handles in 15.5. Gordon Abel showed good form in
featuring both the 100 yd. in
10.5 and the 220 yd. in 24.7 Sec.
Other winners for Crime”
were Tim Powers in [he Pals
Vault, Eric Jahn in the two
mile and Doug Lewis in the
shot put. Good performances
were turned in by Bill SChouleL
Schooier placed second in [ha
javelln and third in the 380 yd.
The (rush added another Victory to their list: final score
was Grinnell 791/2, Knox 35. and
too 231/1. Outstanding perform<
angel were turned in by Chuck
MCGrath and Phil modules.
The mile run. the most ex '2—
ing race of the day, was won
by modules, followed closely by
MCGrath. Phil also won the 880
yard and Chuck went 011 to take
top honors in the two mile.
helmet Triumph
In scoring victorian over Cornell (8-1) and joe (670) in last
Saturday's quadruple data<
than. the Grinnell netmell have
already printed the victory output at the past two seasons.
They dropped their third match,
however. to Northern Iowa. 6-3.
and tell to Iowa State Cyclones
(til/172%) in last Wetlneo" yo
1):) [r Tile blogger‘s are Ctlr [iy 5 for tile season.
Jim Spell is racing the [Sam
with a 5-2 singles march. Cl is
caught a , Grant Cratttlstll -c
e’zcll 573 Oil the Season. Ken
Scilnlleld. Doug Gilbertsnn and
Phil cooper are each (wt) \l'los
under :500.
Toll: competition will inside
the Grinnell Courts as Kim '5
Si\\'asked‘s fill out the PiDEt‘AI'S
till drama meet on \Vctr'ties-
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. April 2!. i969
i5: Women's Gym Goes Academic
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LARRY FRANK CHATS with a member of Des points’ special “Community
Relations" unit on Friday, April 18, outside or the Des points County Court House
where three Black partners were being tried for allegedly setting a tire to the
newest number Company. Several groups at students showed support for the
partners by demonstration and completing outside of the Court house. The following Monday the case was thrown out of court due to lack of evidence.
‘——-——rv——-_"-ﬁ
Volunteers in BM. Publication Decisions
Twelve Grinnell College students have
volunteered to do work with enterprise—
indeed black children Saturday afterwards
at 3 Des points settlement house.
The program, now in its third Saturday in a planned program of live, was
set up through the co-operation of the
Des holmes Settlement House association, the Grinnell College Board or
Religion, and members of Grinnell'l
churches, and college (equity, who have
provided transportation.
The volunteers have included Miss
Mary Edwards (Humanities), and Miss
Penny Reed (Drama). They will he
joined by several black students in the
remaining weeks.
The three hour program includes arts
and crafts, cooking, sewing, tennis, and
recreation but is primarily a program
of personal communication between the
children and the students. Anyone interested in attending the last two meetings
should contact Eric server or Davo
density at Ext. 253.
m
) Senate
(Continued from Page 1)
will be a person whom I can work with,
Whom the Senate can work with, who
will represent the ideas of the Senate."
He also stated, “I don't want the power
or the Finance Committee this year to
be like it was last year."
The Publications Committee has chos<
en Mike Brandon as editor of the 33:3
and has named Paul Lewis, Marshall
career, marion Race, Peggy Morrison
and John anymore to the executive board
of the radio station. The editors of
Nous and the cycling have not been
chosen yet.
Most decisions about next year's put<
locations will be made after this year’s
cycling comes out. The enthusiasm at
student response to the cycling will determine its late. There is the possibility
that the cycling will be disappointed
and the money that previously was funded to it will be transferred to Nous.
Another possibility is that Nous will become a 16-page supplement to the 58d!
it the cycling is continued. In this case,
Nous would be distributed to all students, although not necessarily with the
53:1].
The committee has approved a "statement or policies and procedures for
student publications and radio." phil
statement was written to implement a
faculty mandate expression the faculty's connection oi the function oi the
Publication Committee. The Committee’s statement will serve as a source
oi reference concerning structure and
procedures. It outlined the duties at the
publisher, editor and broadcaster and
the Committee's external control at
broadcasting policy.
 
THE WORLD IS YOURS,
See Your Travel Agent
Today
GRINNEL’I. TRAVEL CENTER
308 — 5th Ave. CouriPhone 236-4384
236-4675
By JONATHAN STEIN
The book store committee is almost
ready to give their final recommends-
(sons concerning next year's Bookstore.
The committee, completed oi Mr. Moore,
Mr. personnel, Mr. Muchmote, Mark
pass, Henry Scheft, and Jonathan klein
will make the following proposals.
The College should concerns of the
Bookstore as a service to the college
community. There is no place within 50
miles of Grinneil where quality books
and peripherals can be purchased and
access to quality books and peripherals
is essential to a liberal arts education,
It is obvious that the college can never
have an adequate Bookstore in the space
now allocated. The women's Gym, when
available and properly generated, will be
ideal. Until the Gym in available. the
Bookstore should be located in one oi
the vacant ﬂoops in the office building:
on 5th street.
We are aware that this temporary location will be somewhat inconvenient,
but the need of a good Bookstore is so
urgent that the temporary inconvenience
is more than asset by the availability oi
adequate space. .
The committee also will recommend
that texts required for college courses
be distributed from behind the counter
at a special center on campus. Prearranged candles of books for Each course
should be made up in advance to speed
up the distribution. It would also he possible to buy any book single at the center
but considering that the majority oi students buy their books at one time this
plan would speed up the entire operas
civil.
This plan would be more convenient
for students, since there would be less
crossing, searching for books, standing
in line with heavy loads, etc. and should
cut down considerable on thettr This
special distribution center would be open
for the first two or three weeks of each
semester; alter this time a few copies
of each text would be kept in the Bookstore for late purchases.
The committee will also recommend
that there should be a standing committee, probably three faculty and threstudents, to work with the Bookstore
manager on stopping books and materials.
The committee strongly recommends
that any student should be able to order
any book at any time through the bookstore. Such is not the case at the present
time.
Quality magazines and peripherals definitely belong in the bookstore.
Students should be hired when opening:
are available in bookstore personnel.
Used books, new and used records.
posters, prints, and art materials will
hopefully be included in the new book»store.
The Committee emphasizes the need
for a quality bookstore that will be an
integral part or the intellectual environment of Grinnell College.
The need for a better bookstore has
existed too long. It is hoped that the administration will give the matter top priority so that R quality bookstore will be
a reality in September.
 
l’enneyo
MWAVB FIRST DUAL"
THRU SATURDAY ONLY
MEN'S CANVAS SHOES
WOMEN’S CANVAS SHOES Now ONLY
new. $3.99
Now ONLY
$350
$250
leg. 52.”
SHOP THIS WEEK AND SAVI
 
Get Your
WESTERN. DRESS.
and UTILITY BOOTS
From Arnold's
Justin — Texas - wedding
$1895 _ $5000
ALSOi
MADE-TO-ORDER BOOTS
ARNOLD’S SHOES
803 - 41H AVE.
ADDRESS HERE:
 
