V
GRINNELL COLLEGE
SCARLET & BLACK
THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
 
.LXXVI
Grinnell Iowa, Friday, April is.
I969
No. [1
 
Black Position disputes
New left Panel Divided
By TED GLICK
"The enemy to all of us is the group
controlling the wealth of the world, and
this group dress’t mind addressing anyone to maintain their power.” So spoke
Andrew Young, Executive Director of
the Southern Christian Leadership conference, in service Chapel on Wednes<
day night.
honest Chambers, black military from
Omaha, agreed with Young but was
typical or any writes taking the steps
which he felt necessary to achieve an
end to this expression and exploitation.
in speaking of writes in the audience he
said, "if i were to get up and say you
should tight for tale flag, [or A. T. Sc T.for the United Fruit Company. you'd
be stonipln' and cameron’ ”.
Chambers also [tell that Young’s belief
that those who are paying taxes are
thereby computing with the war in Vlet—
nam to be of little consequence to the
issue of “black generation”. He said,
“How can you estate paying taxes with
being a Slaveholder?”.
in the question-and-answer session afterwards, the main topic was the possibility of Violence as opposed to non-violence
to achieve black freedom.
Chambers used the Bible to show that
the violence was not that of blacks but
rather that of writes. He said, “The
REV. ANDREW YOUNG, SCLC
Bible is like a two-edges sword — you
can use it to seattle us, but I can hand
it back to your . .The Bible is full 01
blood and violence People who tell me
to be non-violent are the same ones who
put stock in the Bible.”
Young first stated that the use of the
word non-Violence was displaying. He
pi-entered to use the term “started
struggle" to refer to what is commonly
called non-violence. Young further believed that the issue of Violence and
"started struggle" has been used to
divide the black community, He said,
"The talk of black violence has created
an atmosphere of depression The propaganda oi the mass media has said that
it is the blacks that are violent, but litreality it is the writes who are the vitr
left ones.” He believed that this is evident in the white establishment’s scott
reaction to any movement among blacks
addressing itself to the issue or tree
dam from the players they have suffered
for over 300 years.
The Wednesday night panel discussion
was part of this week’s Conference on
New political Thls afternoon at 4:15 Jerry robin will speak, and at 8:00 tonight
I—law proper. of the magazine New Polb
tips, will give an address —- both talks
being so service Chapel.
IN US FIRST MEETING, the Senate appointed a committee to screen applicants for standing committees, and decided to put up a bulletin board in the post
office to uhlicize senate activities. They also appointed a committee to investigate
the posts
lily of general campus wide assemblies, and passed a resolution support-
ing the current petition regarding student attendance at faculty meetings.
‘somehow Has to be Creative"
_______Z____
New Look to Senate
By ALICE ROGOFF
On Monday, April 14, approximately
66% of the student body cast their votes
and elected Lynn Aldrich, Andrew grill,
reggae Graham, Andy Loewi, Bill Thomas, Allen raymond, Art angeles, David
Broadwell, write-in candidates, have
coleman, and Bill Stranger, as then“
new Senate.
The night before the Senate elections,
the candidates and about kitty interested
students sprawled around the South
Lounge to exchange their Views. A cluster of students surrounded each candidate in an attempt to understand what
the role of the Senate could be.
Some oi the candidates suggested using
the Senate as a creative force to indicate
student interest; as a “standing board";
or as a coordination committee for student ideas. Many students questioned
how the anonymous aims for student
participation and communication could
he changed into practical programs ol
action,
The candidates welcomed greater int
agreement in student government and
offered ways tn obtain it. Andy Loewi’s
approach would be “to go out and buttonhole people {or ideas." Bill Thomas
concluded that students want to be reply-
Letters indicating interest in positions on the Com? or AWS
Board are now being accepted
by honest boston and Jane West.
All those defining to run for these
positions must submit their letters by midnight Wednesday,
April 23.
center by the Senate, but they don't
come up with things that they want to
he represented about. Thomas felt that
“the Senate should serve as an claim‘llcér
tion body to tell the student body what
they can do . Responsibility lies in
student attitudes; students have to be
made aware that they can go to the
Senate."
Proposed ways of improving comment-
nation between the student body and
the Senate included having Senators go
to hall meetings, open Senate meetings,
general assemblies, and the distribution
oi pamphlets with the questions to be
discussed at each Senate meeting before
the meeting it was generally tell. that
the Senate meetings need more publicity
to attract the attention and interest of
the student body.
Changes in both academic and mail
life were supported by the candidates.
Innovations that were discussed were a
noagrade Option, more student initiated
courses, more housing alternatives, and
inner college, and a controlling service,
It was hoped that academic life and hall
life could become more related to each
other by using references for educational
projects. Andrew grill summer up the
desire for an active and initiative Sen-
Air Force determines
Faculty Stand on ROTC
The Air Force recently announced
plans to disciplines ROTC at eight uni<
varieties and colleges, Grlnnell included.
The minimum required Out-put of fifteen
officers had not been met at these
schools. The Air Force maintains that
this is due to lack of student interest
and denied that the Air Force is under
pressure from anti-war groups or facility
members. The schools displaying with
the program are: Butler University, Ins
dianapolis. indiana, Capital University,
Columbus, Ohio, Illinois institute of
Technology, Chicago, canyon College,
samples, Ohio, Lawrence universal oi
wisconsin. Appleton, Wisconsin. suits
University, bedford, Massachusetts, and
Grinnell.
Despite the removal of ROTC ii-om see.
oral computer, 157 units remain on cam4
buses throughout the nation General
Westmoreland reported that Almy mid
is in demand and several new detachmerits will be initiated within the next
year,
The decision of the Air Force com
tricks slightly with the movement by
the faculty at Grinnell to discredit the
course. The committee headed by Mr.
message, developed to consider the availability of continuing the College's
contract with the AFROTC, will be dis«
solved The present problem concerns
the “playing out” of the program. Thu
Air Force plans to withdraw by the
summer oi 1972, suspension enrollment
of new students as of September 1969.
The faculty voted to remove credit
from the ROTC unit in the fall of 1970.
A petition, signed by 445 students and
read at Monday's faculty meeting, re
created faculty reconsideration of their.
decision to discredit ROTC. The petition
supported continually of credit until the
attachment withdraws. This will allow
freshmen and sophomores now in the
program to complete the program With
credit. The faculty committee on oem<
space will examine this possibility and
make recommendations to the faculty.
ate when he said, “Somebody has to be
creative," and he hoped that the Senate
would help assume this function.
 
2 Students Attend Closed Meeting
Faculty years Case for Open Meetings
By MOLLY MCGUIRE
The proposal that students be allowed
to attend faculty meetings was normally
presented to the faculty Monday afternoon by Mike Brandon and Dan ClleiietZ,
representing the SGA. Before the meeting, copies of their proposal Were distributed to each faculty member, stating the reasons for the request.
Brandon and Cheitetz said they believed that students “should have the
opportunity to participate in the decisionmaking processes that direct their edt<
nation and the college community of
which they are a segment.” They feel
that student presence at faculty meetings
“would not only improve communication
between faculty and students in matters
or mutual concern, but would also promote responsible student involvement ill
academic affairs." Open meetings would
“ensure the greatest degree of student
participation and faculty-student come
medication."
Instead of asking that all students
be able to attend these meetings. they
asked that at least the Council of Thin
teen (the Senate) be allowed to attend.
They also asked that the three student
treatments (C of HP, AWS, SGA) be allowed to speak at the meetings. Brandon
explained that this was a “critical moreover" employed because they felt the
faculty would he more resistant to admit
the whole student body, rather than a
small segment. They do not see this as
an “edition" move, but rather a minimum
request, for they actually ieee that an
students should be allowed to observe
the meetings,
The matter was discussed at considerable length at the Monday meeting, but
no vote was taken. Another proposal
that would allow any student to attend
the meetings was also suggested by I
faculty member.
 
on Two
EDITORIAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCARLET AND BCACK
Spring sites trained
Saturday afternoon — I could have
swim it. was Golden Gate Park again —
at least as removable as the rock con<
cents I’ve attended there over the past
two summary, and payable the most
comfortable dayVWltIra-crowd I’ve experienced here. I've heard others were less
Comfortable and that’s unlucky; guess
they were waiting for something to happen to them; it’s hard to say.
Guerrilla theater members and fingers assembled the parts —— bands, slow,
millions, San Francisco Express Times,
the Real SuperrBall, soap hobbies, longer
points — the whole gig. It’s great to
know there are two good rock bands on
campus and i hope they play often,
No longer do we have to wait to leave
here to find the things we enjoy (well,
most of the things we enjoy); it's here,
too, just as we suspected all along. Live
and learn and bring it our Amen.
C I.
Friday, 'april l9. WM
Where the Truth parts
ny point THOMAS
Following the Playboy demonstration
and the subsequent receiving of statements to the alleged demonstration‘
parents, the Student Senate typically requested that the Judicial CounClI examine
the actions of the means’ Office in this
instance. (For a copy of the letter, see
president suggest's statement, 5&B,
April 4th.) The Senate resolution 9X.pressed the belief that the means’ actions
were not in accordance with the tennis
of accepted administrative practice and
that the present lack of stated college
policy called for an examination and
clarkﬁnation of guidelines to he used in
future cases.
In a somewhat less than singing decision, the Judicial Council informed me
this Week that "after Considering your
request . this council finds no grounds
for action in this specific case.” No ex«
elevation was given i believe this action,
or rather lack of action. represents an
medication of responsibility, a submission
to administrative desired, a betrayal of
student rights, and an overnight ot rise
process. To explain:
Although the SGA constitution (approved by the faculty) gives to the college responsibility for taking temporary action in emergency situations “involving student and community welfare,” and it is on such grounds that
the means, in part, depend their actions,
the Constitution also specifically states
that the ultimate disposition of the case
shall rest with the judicial council.
As soon as the Senate resolution was
passed, several administrators declared
that they felt the judiCial council had
no right to hear the Case. This subtle
pressure increased over the two month
delay before the council actually met
to consider the issue. As one armenia»
trader ﬂatly told a judicial council member, “I do not want this case heard."
 
A Word of Warning about the Draft
By LEE MARIL
There are only a few short weeks left
until graduation. One must. somewhere
between the panic over RE. require—
meets, average papers, and comes, sit
down and begin to think over what is
going to happen when graduation is
over and done with. For most senior men
it means the draft and all the make
of problems associated with it The legendary air ot mystery and fear which
compounds the draft remains pure myth;
everyone gets granted unless there is a
good excuse and not thinking about it,
clothing it out of one’s mind, or planning
one’s life as it it did not exist at all,
just a bunch of english crap
Most senior men seem to have some
idea of either investing or of somehow
reading the draft, But this “somehow"
grows values and more abstract as the
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
263-4386 923 Broad
questions get more specific. If you expect to get a physical determine, then
you do not get one by competition for
two years to your friends about your
more steel What is needed is a complete
documentation signed by a doctor (5)
who know your case. The same may be
said for an occupational determine or a
contributions director and when all is
said and done, it is up to the idiosyncrasies or your local board. in each
case a certain amount of work is joe
quoted NOW on your part to avoid the
handle and panic which i guarantee will
according you home this summer. it
is still not too late, but don’t push your
luck.
It you don’t know what you are going
to do about the draft. then I would suggest three things. First, talk to some
one who really knows what it is all about,
preference a draft connector, for example (mic, or others in iowa city and
Des points. Often just talking to someone in the same situation helps. Second,
get a lawyer if you can, they are often
free and, of course, are of great value.
Third, lace the fact that the draft is
out to get you but that, nevertheless,
you need not let it; act now, not when
it is too later
Don’t put yourself in the position or
sending personal values by getting
pushed, presented, or showed into the
armed services without really knowing
your legal rights. Decide what you are
going to do in the relative calm or
oriental College where family and community treasures are at a minimum.
Evolve an active plan with alternatives,
stick to it, and trust your counseling and
lawyer,
 
Planning A Party
See Us For Quantity Discounts
hhoiihlh
The Pizza People
236-5331
The student Bill of Rights guarantees
(but apparently only when movement)
that a student is produced innocent
until proven guilty, The means (and
hence, the college) have declared that
the students exclusively damaged the
institution without an attempt or even
subjective proof. The “identification"
process is equally open to question. The
judicial council however. would seem
to believe that the "proof of built” so
solely posted is, in fact, the final deck<
sum of the means’ Office.
in reaching their decision not to tie
side (is this to happen in every case?)
the judicial Council appears as religious
to accepted practice as do the means.
Neither the Senate nor its chairman
were informed of the “hearing." If the
council wishes to maintain even the
southwest ties to due process, One would
think they could at least exercise the
courtesy or allowing those who requested
a hearing to be present to depend that
request. Mrs. Low, of course, was present to justify the administration position.
This action of the judicial council
raises the fundamental question of the
liability of such a structure iii any area
other than the peripheral. Where are
students to seek resource from administrative which if they are barrel from
the threshold of the very institution that
is constitutes to afford such protection?
is the council to be but another body
to legitimate administrative decisions
before the college community. it is
the responsibility of both students and
faculty, who country function the council,
to demand a reconsideration of this
cioacal (look this one up, studies), sub<
services version.
The charles & Black
Student Newspaper of
Grinnell College.
Grinnell, iowa
An independent rows
paper published weekly,
except during holidays
o and examination periods
a ﬁg» me trim-tell Co
hﬁﬁ filter on student Publications common.
army’ihsiﬁ“ site soon per yahoo|
year
SUSAN uncscn
BRUCE STROM
mu. RAEFERTY
DAVID sir:
SARAH ANDREW
. won STOAKLEY
nnvm LINDBLOM Lynn Adams.
Michael brandon, Kitihy uuu,
.told partner, red Gilck,
Alice zoloft, Ed Hirsch, Ken picks,
Ken Lnbnwitz, holly Mccnirc,
JMIct smith, Jonathan spain, Mitn' pick
This Is
The Season
For Camping
This Is
The Place
For Coleman
Equipment
story's hills
1003 Main
Editor
muslims us
Managing Editor
Asxocime EdmuCopy Editor
shows Editor ..
outer photographer .
reporters
 
April in. ms
Shape up for delays
Things seem to be sharing
up for the Pioneers after
a slow season start. Last Saturday at the Cornell delays, by
far our toughest meet act, Grinnell placed in three events and
gained a 5th and our position in
two others.
Doug Lewis placed second in
the shot put with a 42’6” leave;
Thor johnson took a third in
the high jump with do”, his
best effort this season (65%”
won the event).
Bill Schooler, words Abel,
Gary Jones and Paul Lewis
sweet to second in the BSD-yd.
relay, sixth in the did-yd. re<
lay, and 5th in the sprint wesley.
The irish relay team of Jon
klein, Carl Brennen, Neil Onethiem, and Chuck McGrath
granted second in the sprint
wesley. well, Carl, Steve Hirshorne and Phil modules took
second in the mile relay.
The Pioneers travel to Cedar
Falls tomorrow for the Art
Dickinson delays.
WBA released Batman Overwhelmed
The WRA no longer exists.
The Student Recreation Association has ofﬁreally taken its
place among the hierarchy of
campus organizations. Every
student is a member of SRA
by his very presence on campus. But the workers behind the
scenes have as their goal to
provide informal recreation and
also money and equipment not
spontaneous events. in keeping
with this philosophy, SRA donated 3710 and recreation equal—
merit to the Guerilla Theatre
for their Spring Day.
Now that it is Spring, the list
of informal recreation grows
longer. Did you know that any
student can participate in a
Birdie Bike like Wednesday
morning at 6:30? or it that
inn't to your living, you can
go matching and camping May
3 and 4 or join in the inn of
a hopscotch tournament on can»
oral campus in May. 11 your
interests non more to the academic side, SRA organized faculty-stutlent tennis tournaments.
This year a “Beat powers"
 
DANISH MAID BAKERY
The Finest
in salaries
Usual and Unusual.
813 FOURTH AVENUE
 
NOW EXCLUSIVE WI‘I‘H
MEEKER'S
Send yo_ur clothes to the drycieaner who use:
Stinu .
Suit-r Ilnckl. drum—in all or
“Tom. smNu maker a magic
rlilrerrncc you run but Ind fee].
For SluNu restored textile '9
lost through wear and civil big.
rahrirrroeilivslyandsoringiii
list dirt and willing as they did
whcnlicw.Coloralookncw-lirishl
ngnini And—even ii. rugby sum.
mu weather—wrinkles hon.
ﬁsh! out or your cloihrsl
seeker’s Laun
the miracle ﬁfishing process!
Available At
Both North and
South Campus
Cleaning Agencies
-Dry Cleaners
101 9V2 Broad
SCARLET AND BEACK
In Dynamic Duo
By LEE ARBETMAN
The Pioneers opened their
baseball season by losing a
doubleheader to Simpson last
Thursday at powder Field near
the high school. Grinnell was
planned by typical opening
day discuss as they com—
fitted eleven errors In the
paintball.
The Pioneers lost the ﬁrss
game ii to 5 and the second
11 to B.
The Pioneers open conference
play with a single game at Cornell, Friday April 18 followed
by a twin-bill at Cedar Rapids
with joe the next day Lack of
depth on the matching small and
mental and physical errors on
the ﬁend seem to be Coach
Boyd’s major problems as the
Pioneers enter into the conference Season with an 0 and 2
record.
campaign is reaching for the
greene (it Coach powers is
willing to take on the competition. of course)!
Pago Thru
Free!! Super Festival
By LEE SHAMBERG
If advance reports are true
(and they seem too good to
be), free life will reach a new
high this Slimmer. According
to the April 12 edition of the
Mountain Free Press, Boulder
Colorado’s underground paper,
a completely free rock festival
that is expected to attract
100,000 people and last for “at
least a month" Will be held
along the colorado River in the
mountains near Aspen this July.
Food and housing, as well as
music, will be provided free.
According to Bruce valley
oi the MFP. the festival is being managed by the Kingdom
of under (Aspen), and the
Wonderland Civic Association
(Boulder), and has financial
backing from two at the largest
r e c o r at companies in the
folk/rock field: Apple Produc<
tions and electro.
electro has donated $500,000
to provide solar-powered women
hits iii- hotlsmg, and Apple will
provide a tree macrobiotic
meal each (lay in the expected
 
THE WORLD IS YOURS!
See Your Travel Agent
Today
GRINN'ELI. TRAVEL CENTER
808 -— 5th Ave. CouriPhone 236-4384
236-4675
 
You keep running
your best subject?
Think it over, over coffee.
TheThink Drink.
Varmvc-mINV-hnnrllmun ”discount”.“curve-
”windows. orlando Eo1559.N:~hurt,N v,rome Dirlnleru-Irun-lcntluOllaniuliu
100,000. A free university will
be held on the festival site
starting lifetime in June, and
the festival itself will begin on
billy 2. The MP? was given ex<
massive advance press releases
because of their affiliation With
Wonderland.
The staggering list of performing who have already donated their services include:
The Beatles, Bob Dylan, The
Rolling Stones, Donovan, The
Doors, Jimi generic, The
Grateful Dead, The Jefferson
displayed, Judy Collins, Joan
Baez, Tim garden, Leonard
Cohen, John Mayall, Jeremy
and the waters, Led Zepplin,
and the new “Super-Group":
clinton, Winwood and Baker.
Dramatic and empirical companies performing will probably
include The Committee ThE<
acer, The Living Theater, and
Hair.
According to valley, the
{our prime movers correspond
to the trust cards in the aaron
Deck for the equation Age;
Donovan is the minstrel, Dylan the poet, generic the musician, and Paul McCartney the
tool (the Wise man in the
equation Age). He also noted
that on July 22, a major ear-thquake is expected in Cahiornia,
and the atlantic is supposed't’u
rise, according to the properties oi Edgar maybe, among
others. According to maybe, the
latest place in North America
Will be in the mountains near
the Continental Divide. The
word Ed Dorado is repeated
several times in the Beatles
“Revolution No 9.” (It is generally consider that “Hey
nude" and “Revolution" are
musical interpretations oi Judo
and regulations in the New
Testament. regulations chapter
nine deals with an earthquake.)
cds television is showing 1
threesome special on the planning oi the festival beginning
May 22. The Mountain Free
Press will have advance information all along; their address is Box 304, Boulder, Coloratio,
Off To Slow Siar’i
Sophomores Ken Schoiield.
Chris caught, and Jim Spell
will again till the top three
spots in the linear as the Pinneers try to l‘ed’rule their tennis features which suffered
weekend losses to Lawrence
and simon, shopping their record to 1-3.
Spell and caught, Gi-swingers
only double winners in the Wise
config meets, coast season records of 4-0 and 2.2, respective.
ly. Schotield is 173 in the No.
1 spot.
“This AMERICAN new LEFT is core
reel to be anarchic, Susan Sontag
rays, because it is our or power.
Theiresky clothenrochdrug: and
sex are pro-revolutionary [arms or
cultural ruoirsrrion, and so youcan
have your grass and your orgy find
still be revolutionary ax nil gerout surround therevolulionhax
come to power, so it [allows that
such airintegrsrive '[random’ is
inappropriate. n, s to. r... .i
Thornwhar air- \Vm, F. Burklty’g
NArioNAl. rs.
let, W. n .
r, in r, :5 s
N. 1. lolé.
 
mega Four
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EACH AND MOZART will have to take a back seat at next week‘s concert
by the Scarleieers and Tanangers. The two groups finally emerging after months
or intensive preparation will offer a varied program or pop and folk music
at their annual congress at 9:34) on Friday, April 25, in ARH Auditorium.
L——'—————_~
Change in Administrators
By DAVID swer:
This week, President suggest officially
announced changes that will be made in
the Dean's Ofﬁce next fall. Dean Th0mp<
son (’58) will continue editing the
alumni magazine as well as handling
students' curriculum problems. But he
will no longer be called a dean, which
Is the title he has held since he came
here in ’64, and will be moved out of
his present location in the dean's oiiico
next fall,
At the same time. the college is intervention applicants for another job.
that of Associate Dean of Students.
This dean will take on the same responsibilities that Dean Low now handles. That
Is, he will be concerned with student life,
especially with respect to the residence
calls. He will also be involved in personal and group counseling for both men
and Women students.
Dean Low, Dr. Walker, Dean Stauss.
and President suggest will make the
final selection They are fairly sure
that they want a man [or the position,
although there would be no designation
of women's and men's means. Aside from
this, there is some controversy as to the
exact role of the new dean. For example, a black man has been interpreted
for the job, and some members of the
administration feel that in the case that
he is hired, part of his job should be
working specifically with the black std.
cents on campus. Others take the View
that someone else should be hired for
this role, and that the associate dean
should be solely concerned with student
life in the same manner as Mrs. 10w.
regardless of race. Obviously, the job
will be failures, to some extent.
Siuuss To Join
Colorado College
James ii. Stauss has been appointed
executive vice president and protest of
Colorado College, beginning August 1, it
was announced last Friday.
He will become the chief administrative officer under the president of the
college, Dr. Lloyd E. corner. Stauss
will be specifically responsible for development in addition to working closely
with the president on long-range planning
and general affairs.
“it will be a great restaurants to
have him with us as we move into times
which represent for the independent college both extraordinary opportunity and
great fiscal concern", commented President corner.
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
922% Main
Mon. . Sat. s In It) sun.
Sunday — Noon ie in p.mi
 
Heard A Good
Cliche Lately?
HERE‘S ONE THAT'S NEVER OLD:
AHRV'S IS BEST FOR
PIZZA, CHICKEN AND SANDWICHES
AI-ERVANO S PIZZA
TOM 3r BETTE GARBISON
236-6222
SDS lnfiltroies
Last night SDS held Its Steering Com.
written election by secret ballot. in keeping with its tradition oi inﬁstarting the
Senate, the chapter elected Jane (“simon") West to head the Women's interaction Movement and Lynn Aldrich to be
in charge of Guerrilla Theatre and nude
concentrations. Art angeles was assigned the job of organizing BKrG workers and Dave Ernadwell will spread the
nipple! concept.
reggae Graham Will be Corresponding
with the Black partners in Des points.
honest boston and Allen raymond will
infiltrate United Jewish Students. Bill
Thomas and lady Loewl will join
R.D.T.C. (in order to attack its structure
from within). Andy grill will edit
Pterodactyl.
Jim new was elected entertainment
chairman because he promised to show
some good home movies at meetings.
Penguins Bill and Dave were put in
charge of utilities mass media (radio)
as a method of education the passes to
the trucks of Chairman sao.
SDS HAS DONE IT AGAIN: DlCTA<
TORSHIP OF THE PRDLETARIAT
FOREVER!
KDIG SCHEDULE
Special programming
[or the week April 18724
Friday, April 18 —- 4:00 PM Pan American Concert, Carlos
bahamas — Mexican spanish.
Sunday, April to — 7:00 PM. —
The History of Italian Cinema,
part 3.
7:0 P.M. — "The cum Run-
news," “The Case or the light-
house Bar ."
Monday, April 21 — 4:00 PM. _.
Who were the Ones — “called
of a Pavilion."
4:15 P.M. —- Dutch Folklore Res
lived — Part 9.
4:30 PM. — French Music and
Musicians.
Tuesday, April 22 — 4:00 PM. —
Lecture: C. Bi MacPherson —-
“The Real World 0] demographic
the Myth OI optimization,"
4:30 PM. —— Famous Canadian
Trials — “The Trial OI Clara
Ford."
7:30 P. M. — Lecture: John Ken-
beth Galbraith, “Economics and
the Urban Society.”
8:00 P.M. — The SGA Sl'lDW.
Wednesday, April 23 — 4:00 RM.—
interview: silver handheld, dana-
dean neurosurgeon.
7:30 RM. — “Tell Me Where I!
Fancy fred“ —- Documentary on
theatre.
Thursday, April or —- 4:00 PM.—
German Press Review.
4:15 P.M. —— Patricia in, Paris.
l1:30 RM. — History OI Italian
Cinema, part 4.
7:30 P.M — New Folks in Town.
Listen for announcement of coverage of conferences on New Politics
and Poverty — Coming on KDIC—
FM.
GOTTA 60?
CALL BO —
GREYHOUND
236-5122
ADDRESS HERE:
Friday April is, not
Is A Tea Party Obscene?
February 6 is seeking further and
further away. in the Playboy demonstra<
toys' case the wheels oi justice are printing so slowly that it is questionable just
what they are printing.
On diippinggreenhouse Monday, the
eight demonstration hosted a post-arrangement reception in conference
House. The arrangement was handled by
their lawyer. Dan Johnston, Monday
morning,
Formal infrared invitations requested
the presence of people who had been
involved with the case. Raspberry red
punch with purple flowers floating in it
and handmade cookies were swallowed unpremeditatedly. People, sitting
standing, and lying, talked about are
raignrnents and birth control and the
time oi day.
An “innocent exposure" trial seemed
ridiculously incongruous. But some
time between now and next {all there
will be one. The Poweshiek District
Court Judge is not sure when he will get
to hear their case. it seems that many
people are seeking justice these days.
If the trial were to be held this sum.
her or next fall it would be opportunity.
Witnesses and participants would have
to come login long distances and there
would be little chance for student support. The delay in setting a trial date,
the disproportionately intense investigation, and the unnecessary hearings raise
the question of whether the wheels of
justice are printing at all. As it becomes
later and later, the situation takes on a
more and more Kaikacsque air, (a
holly calcium term).
SAGA F lies High
Another SAGA extravaganza” A
chance for revenge on Chuckll
This Sunday afternoon, Mac Field will
be the scene of the First SAGA All-cams
put site-Fly, with lots of added attractions. Prizes (events and judges to be
determined) include dinner for two at
IDs, and so, yes, thirty cream pics
to be thrown at the stationery target or
none other than SAGA Chuck himself.
A picnic supply will be served follow.
ing the protecting. In case of rain, the
KiteFly Will be held in Cowles Dining
Hall.
3
DON’T FORGET THE
POVERTY CONFERENCE
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinnell
Office Supply
Across from the Post Offiu
GRINNELL. IOWA
 
