GRINNELL COLLEGE
SCARLET 8: BLACK
THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
 
Yet. LXXVI
ha»
Grinnell, Iowa, Friday, February 18, I‘M?
No. is
 
News Anulys's
Paranoia Prohibiis
Useful Discussion
By RICH SCHMIECHEN
The most estate comment at the discussion of the ”Grinnell Experience” last
Sunday was made by url biggest: no
one need worry about the continued
existence or the liberal arts college
since the Electoral College has listed 50
long. biggest, along with Mr. suggest,
Mr, garden, and Mr. Gurofi participated
in a panel discussion and general price
session in the South Lounge.
President suggest outlined what he
thought were the three greatest proc
less racing Grinnell: education of black
students; illustration to the public that
russell students are diverse and not
omngeneous: and a rational assess
ment at “risk a taking" underlying
curriculum, student participation in
college policy making, residential living,
and interdisciplinary matters. The prior
less oi the Black students must not be
delivered, but those or taking "risks" and
the college's student image seem less
than the’ most central issues. Too much
‘r'ask-carrying" leads to too much delay,
too much cordless nervousness, and too
much wanted energy, ”Images" are
massive and impossible to control. They’re
the problem of the RR. department,
while the library, student representation, the curriculum, and {advertising
(tan be dealt with by the whole college
community.
Yet‘ Mr. suggest should (and I mean
this sincerely) be congratulated for
taking the risk of joining the panel
discussion. His presence at a public
meeting was one or the few positive
values of the discussion And who
could blame him for wishing to es«
cape those nasty, competition students at the meeting and, even more,
that large “silent. majority,“ sitting
llstlessly on the soft forum marketing?
Prof. Guroif, in suite of his innovations
In class, was handling to take risks at
the discussion. Gurdtt, having given a
lazy introductory speech (including such
acute corrections as there is a "failure
of communication between students and
faculty), answered “dangerous" questions by stating that, after all, he has
only been at Grinnell for six months. He
put on that protective shield which lnsutotes and isolated so many processors
and students at Grinnell.
Professor garden has the reputation
for taking risks. in his opening, speech,
he stated that the academic institution
exists for the students (a revolutionary
concept to some) and it is a place for the
”welding together or imagination and
knowledge." The faculty instead or
“teaching" should provide a way for students to find answers for themselves. Faculty members should be both advisors
and counseling to students, and lane“
finally recommended that a dept. of intcrdisciplinary studies be established.
Prof. taken sat recently through most
of the rest at the chaos, Nearly everyone else at the meeting seemed to be in
arrested in bludgeoning others for their
own right and their own seliprouection.
it‘s not that "silence is golden," but
happiness and spanish self-protection are
even less so. There was little else at this
discussion.
PRESIDENT LEGGETT and 3 faculty
members participated in a panel on
the “Grinnell Experience" Sunday in
the South Lounge.
largely Announces
Tu‘i’ilnn Increase
president suggest announced Friday a
$175.00 increase in fees for the 1969—70
academic year, bringing the total compreliensive fee for one year at Grinnell
to $3,275. Tuition has increased from
$2,125 to $2,270, This amount, in accordance with the Trustees' policy, covers
approximately two-things of the actual
educational Cast for each student, Other
increases from costs of food and health
services will also be made, modeling an
additional $30.
In a letter to Grinnell parents President suggest explained the major reasons for the increases along with a
general forecast of the financial situation. He said, “The major reasons for
the increases are (l) the continuing ins
sense competition for and the rising
salaries or highly qualified scholar
teachers, and (2) higher state wages and
student labor wages, together with the
general inflation of costs. These red‘
sons are of course not unique to Grinnell.
All colleges and universities, public and
private, are facing financial problems.
This is indicated by the fact that among
the to colleges beginning to the associated Colleges of the Midwest (of which
Grinnell is one), the projected increases
in comprehensive charges for next year
range from $160 to $405, with an average
or $227 per institution.
"We expect a very substantial in«
create in operating costs for 1969-70.
TUITION—
continued Page a, Column 1
SENATE POSlPOtlES ELECTION;
references lo Decide SGA Future
Thursday afternoon, an emergency
open Senate meeting was called to recognized the Senate's earlier decision
' to portions the SGA elections until some
data before the final legal date of March
15 and their motion calling for a references to english all parts of student
government excluding the Finance Committee.
The request for a reconsideration
came from two candidates, John Herr
and Jim new, who had not been informed
of the motion, two senators, and several
students. With 150 students in the audience, the members of the Senate
described the petition which was calculated to portions the scheduled eleo<
tions and its 8-2 notification.
The discussion involved the specific
platforms of the Candidates and the
need to have an SGA president or Sen<
ate at all, in response to the involvement
and interest of the student body.
The referenduin’s purpose was clark-
ﬁed and argued by Dan Cheifetz
and Diane tolerance as not being an
attempt to do away with student got‘
element but to make the student body
think about, and possibly demonstrate, a
new representative government. The
Board of Elections will handle the elections for SGA as in the previous years.
The decision of the election date at a
yet undetermined time before Saturday.
March 15, was re-atfirmad.
The Senate decision and Wednesday
morning’s withdrawal or a candidate
have called into question the way the
races have been non this Week. According
to Lee april, who originally the petition
for postponement, ”I think it Shows what:
people think about student government."
The petition, which obtained 210 signatures in an hour and a half on Wednesday night, states, “We believe that the
student interest necessary for a responsible student government is not present
at this time,” a feeling indicated also by
a candidate to whom april talked about
ELECTION—
Continued Page a, Column 4
 
Three More Charged, One discussed
 
Witch-butt Continues
By MARK SABLEMAN
A preliminary hearing was held
Wednesday for four more Grlnnell students who allegedly took part in‘ the
February 5 demonstration against Playboy magazine in Gates Hall lounge. Justice of the Peace admin Lincoln discussed innocent exposure c h a r g e it
against one of the dependence, Sarah E.
Hamann, ’70, of Lexington, Missouri,
because of insufficient evidence, The
cases of the three other dependence,
nudity S, Gruenberg, ’70, Montebello,
California, Charles A. african, '70, DE
East canyon, Ohio, and service N, Ex<
her, ’69, of Ames. Iowa, were referred
to District Court. County Attorney
Michael Enlch said that he would probably bring charges against Miss Hamann again at a later time.
Unlike last week's hearing, Wednes<
day's two hour proceedings was open,
although witnesses waiting to testing
were not allowed in the court room at
the defense attorney's request County
_______—._—__——————
Donations to Support processors Increase
As of late Thursday, 5240 had been contributed to a fund that will be used to
deiray legal fees for the nine Grinnell
students charged with innocent exposure
by the county attorney A total of an
additional two has also been pleased to
the fund. holly calcium, one of the do
students, has estimated that legal extopenses for the nine processors will
amount to 5120!).
Student organizing of the fund are
Kathy Bull, Dave Bryan, kathy Jones
and carb Devereau, Miss Bull informed
the 5&3 that $60 was collected at Wednesday night’s special rock-folk jam
session in the Forum, Mrs. Sally Moore,
Wife of Assistant Professor Edward
Moore (English), has collected $75 from
faculty members, according to Miss
Bull. Senior Gary Agisim has made a
pledge of S75, and several other students
have offered to sell bicycles and other
articles to raise money for the fund.
Plans are presently being made to
solicato contributions in all residence
calls. Donations may be put in P.0.
Box 64th
Attorney which, assisted by assistant!
S t a te Attorney General, Douglas
jackson and Robert divine of the AttuiV
new General’s office, called nine wit<
houses, eight of them Grinnell students.
The dependence were represented by
their attorney, Dan Johnston of Des
points, and his partner, Lawrence Ls
Tourneau.
The hearing was held in an atlas<
there of apparent fraction between the
county attorney and the eight student
witnesses. Students seemed resistant to
say any more than the absolute minimum and many seemed undertake about
whether or not they had to give testimony. The state generally asked the
same questions of its witnesses: whether
they had attended the Gates discussion
on February 5, it they “noticed anything
unusual," whether they observed the
dependence in attendance, and what the
“appearance" of the dependence Was.
One witness, James rebel, ’69, 60v
editor of ,the cycling, was asked if he
had taken any pictures of the incident.
He said that he had and gave some to
the proposition. The county attorney
asked him if he had taken any other
pictures, and rebel stated that he had
destroyed the other pictures and relatives after he determined that they
would not be needed for the textbook,
and when he heard that they could be
surrounded as evidence.
5&3 editor Susan Kaeser was also
Called as a witness. The state asked the
usual questions but reflected to ask her
to identify the dependence in the Court<
room by sight. On these grounds, Johnston moved that her testimony be strings
en, and his motion was allowed.
State's witnesses Gary M. bidding. '10.
HEARING—
continued Page I. gamma I
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Two
EDITORIAL
Friday, February 28. my
 
 
Truth in Packaging
The KRNT television special on Grinnell began with some
stock footage of long-failed, widely participating college students
throwing things and shooting God knows What. A campus root, in
other words. It went on to show approximately 10 minutes of
what could just as well have been stock footage: a “responsible”
picture of student life exemplified by Gl‘innell College. My argument with the program is based not on whether or not Grinnell
life is responsible, but rather that the show served simply as an—
other 3x5 card in that catalogued, categorized index of clothes
“images” which the program was supposedly intended to disney.
There is nothing Wrong, and a good deal right, with such
wholesale Grinnell activities as Uncle Sam’s Club, inter-racial
house, CBS’s playing basketball, AWARE, or scholarship winners.
But in attempting to present this as a true picture of Grinnell
life—and thereby in effect generating equally important aspects
of student life such as discretion and projects to the position of
campus opportunities—somehow, a great difference is done to
both the college community and to the public in general. After
all, the numbers of students involved in'each of the wholesale
activities is a minority of the student body, just as those who
participated in the listening incident were. To designers some
priorities as “the way today’s students really are,” and others
FREDRICKA NELSON talking with her neighbor Vanesa.
talk of the town
as “a loudspoken but unrepresentative fridge,” is not only a discretion of the truth but a displaying interpretation as well.
I hope the college administration is not as pleased with the
program as I imagine they very well may be. Mr, suggest spoke
the other night of the need for diversity on Grinnell’s campus,
but this program seemed to belle
students on this campus, individuals,
that appeal. There are many
who find different ways to
participate in campus life. To select any molecular group of indi—
signals as representative of the entire student body is both un-
fair and announced, whether they be
clean-cut or not. If river-
site is the call, let’s not try to jump all students into an homogen-
ized, british-free
product for public consumption. Let’s con~
since to provide pictures of campus life such as the KRNT program, which was accurate even if clothes, but at the same time
let‘s provide the whole
picture. And if the public comes knock-
ing on our door looking for the picture of a typical middle-class,
synthetic, self-centered student, let us have the poverty to say,
“I’m sorry, you’ve come to the wrong place.” '
 
IRE
' Who Killed the 5%?
By ROGER KOENKER
Some may say it was a suicide, but
those who knew her best could never
smaller that. This was no simple death
from lack of love, though God knows her
editors are inspired. No, our lady of
nursing basement, the Forum, of operators, and TV sold would not have died
except by some more complex machine.
No common weavil (apache) could kill
our Sturdy Student Government.
The sight or the Right contracts
(trim) reader at the meeting of Presidential candidates in ARK was no opposition, and, as those who were there
can testing, the smell of death was thick
as all the editors spoke. Only trim had
the courage to explain his proposal. Some
will say that the thousand students who
missed that historic meeting suffered
our hair friend. Others will (and did) indian those "advertisers in mobility and
politics” who have managed the innocent Miss S.G.A. Everyone knows the
story, “HOW SUSAN G. ANTHONY
FELL INTO THAT CROWD 0F UNWASHED PINKO FREAKS AND WAS
DEFLOWERED AND DISGRACED."
But who knows why she is now abandoned and why no knight has come to
cave her honor?
Once there was a playlist conﬁdance
In the students of this college that made
student government a sodium of at
least potential power. Student popularity
seemed to have the power to transform
me college. S.G.A. elections meant a
month of vigorous debate over the aims
of the college and the needs of students.
With the process went a great deal of
politics unaltered by thought. But poll-
tips here exchanges a sense of idealism
and‘purpose that made it a useful exercise. In large part, the idealism of
elections arise out of a sense of group
consciousness and student liability ol
mind about issues like women’s hours,
open forms, and credit-fail trading.
These issues non bound us together
have displayed; with them has gone our
populism, our confidence, our idealism.
featuring student government last year
was not very difficult; she seemed to
want to be reduced. Since the explosion
of the military recruitment issue last
spring, it has been clear that student
government will be designed before she
is minutes to lead the revolution. withdrawal of the Grinnell well (such as it is)
from politics is not simply a dissatisfaction with the channels of the “system."
It is an admission of defeat in the effort
to move student opinion.
Now, why no Knight? It would be
easy to say, son, is an instrument or
motion; those committed to states are
excluded. The righteous integration of
students over Senate opposition to cal‘me/
recruiting, support of Richard council‘ov
before the jul‘cihl council, and support
of the Playboy demonstration have not
created a united lighting backlash. Instead we have live candidates with little
hope and no energy. This death-wish may
be what representative student games—
ment on zhls campus means. An election
with neither thought nor action will be a
ruling tllneral.
"She said. ‘I know what it's like to be
dead; I lmuw what it is to be sad’; And
she‘s making me feel like 1 never been
born.”
by [redricka nelson
Since the fashion these days is to be
win with a violation, i will suhmll to
speak to you from events of the past
week, this piece from ms in society
magazine: “the ‘permanent manllestations’ of course did contract people with
a situation completely new, unaccusA
named, even unpleasant, but they did so
to force them to a new reaction to the
world, to a new feature of self-consciousness, in ‘3 faithful interpretation Di
man's existence encircled by objective
reality." ‘
from (no issue on happenings and imennodia
springrsummer, '53, on arrives by iiudrich oh
upccky, and translated by w. s. hopkins,
prague, inns 1967
i should comment that the magazine
ls kept in the cities of nursing and would
be available in the cayman usually by
virtue of spending about four hours in
the index looking for something “appropriate.” i never was a natural academy—
clan.
now l feel believed to big an biology
for my opening on such a predictions
note. my andale today has almost nothing to do with the scholastic scene. i am
going to write about the title girl
whose picture should appear at the top
of this column. geneva mcelmy is our
Very favorite live year old. she lives in
the building next door and we share the
stainless and the mailing wall. some
earnings vanesa stops in to Visit us
when she goes to get the mail. this is a
small routine response and vanesa and i
enjoy together several times a week,
our interests are Very much the some.
sploob’s babies to be and vanesa's new
Cat, mini; the weather; making pictures
and explaining girls of load and pretty
things and toys.
today deslollde and i had to make an
exhibition to the allen to {ind our party
car and we invited variety up {or an
aitemaon With us. bill ruiierty came to
take pictures, and though vanesa was
very models about being photographer
by a newcomer to who apartment, all or
us got warned up to each other talking
and playing with blocks. there was a
little strain in the air defined by him»
usa’s success and qlllel listening for
large parts or the “party." usually she
is pages to group through who apart»
mem, investigation things and discuss»
mg beads or samples. vanesa has asked
us many [lines it we are nipples and we
try and (legally ourselves in somewhat
more precise terms. our conversations
are like this:
“are you and response nipples?"
“he. nor really, because we're going
to go and get jobs.”
“but area’t your pictures
ones?"
“they might look like that. don't you
think they’re pretty though?”
(silence)
"don’t
dirty?"
"i was just going to sweet the floor.
you know it's really hard to keep a place
from looking pussy some of the-time."
(or)
“i was just going to take a bath,”
standing there in my tower, “goadhy
now, vanesa, we'll see you tomorrow.”
“nipples don't take baths do they?”
"see you tomorrow, vanesa.”
(silence) ‘
“bye."
(vanesa sometimes makes slow exus)
"goodbye, vanesa, be sure and stop
in tomorrow."
"goodbye, fred, see you tomorrow."
and then our young lady switches out
and away, dawn the hall for lunch at
home. vanesa and her family are our
best neighbors and we’re proud to be
their. friends. we share an 3271/Z perspective or grinnell with hair shares of designation and surprise. there really are
lots of Vista down this street and around
our building. .
except for a short reminder to friends
of mrs. king in malcom that she will
be open again in march, and will show
you the best collection of treasures «
antiques etc. — in the state, for unfortunately who haven’t seen or heard of the
workers), i think i should say goodbye
for today.
‘nipple‘
nipples keep their houses
The charles & Black
spam Newspaper oi
Grinnell College,
Grinnell, Iowa
An ludcpcndcnl "m.
and. published \r
s mo men during llc
" and examination p
8 “by on Grinncll bag mind- sn Student non
r, common.
sun or.-
no
Qvétl i
all on
ammusrrrb‘ m school
, 5USAN KAEsER
BRUCE Sl‘ROM
BILL nfl'l-‘ilin'
, cum swcc
[pixel
business indoor
lliuuuglug Emlur ,
chronicle Edltnr
coat Editor SARAH ANDREW
sims Eﬂllnr , . won STOAKLLY
Cnlct rhoroxmohsr .,DA\'m LINDBLOM
reporters michael nrnuo l
.nmhy Bull, com rrolwllch. god GI
m Hirsch, holly man
June! Smllu, Mark three
Rich Schmikcncn, jury zrck
 
Friday. February 29. I959
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page title-
 
[ETIERS
Play Questioned
just week-end the Grinnell
community was given a special
treat: a professional periorniance ot a poor observe Greek
play, At this point, i leave the
review to the critics and question the decision to produce the
play in the iii-st place as well
as the so-could “casting."
Our theatre department seems
to have lost any incentive to
produce plays that will be or
education value or simply implementing to either the actors or
the audience. Our connections
with Peter Amot and the milwaukee directory are both'cx—
rating. but it seems that there
is no convertible excuse [or the
absorption or drama funds for
then-.use. The second semester
budget allows for two major productivity. We have seen one—
tllr other will be a musical late
in the semester (which will not
be ahie to involve all serious
drama students, who are left
to lawrbudget one-acts in the
Arena). l will admit you can
. learn ei great deal by watching
protessioiials, but when will students have a chance to apply
what they've learned? The question is not “a good performance
by prolessiollals” or “a bad pertorniaiice by students." We have
had the worst: an inelfectual
production by pmiessionals that
received students or the right
to demonstrate their parents for
the criticism and equipment or
the college community. Again,
we have a classic example or
this college trying to supplies
student spontaneity, and under.
mining confidence in students'
desire to learn by doing.
l think the drama department
ones it students ol the performing art. more than a token acknowledgement Give the one
act: to the pros and let the students use the resources set up
for their use.
Susan final)
Open linked?
To the Editor:
Now i am not one to defend
Apple pie, motherhood, or God
and country without reservations, nor am i one to immediate, without reservations, the
value of majority at nude-ins.
What l do explore automatically
is the hypocrisy or some of the
“open-linked" students who exhibit this campus. A golden example oi this hypocrisy was
printed in the 5&3 last week
under the title “Come all
people, now . . First the
author took 243 words (give or
take a new) to tell me that the
students oi Grinnell are a bunch
01 button llpped, establishmentbound automation who brush
their teeth but don't look at
their bodies when they take
showers — at best a rehabilitation well stopped in necessity,
and at most, Worth about 205
Words of wanted ink.
older sitting Out the spirit of
the author's conservation, 1
real! .ed that he had a point. He
' , indeed accurate in chance
te ‘ig our ‘synthetic or (to
coin a word),unoutspoken Stur
sent body.
1 was especially caused,
however, at one of the examples
the author used in his storage
evaluation. Hc referred m a letter, signed by 7 women, colidenining the Gates Hall administration. lroriically, he chose
this example or student energy
to put into a context ol student
apache. in disagreeing with the
argument or that letter he resulted our intelligence by discussing it without su much as
a hint or rational argument. Apparently, ii oiitspolien students
do not agree with the author
he throws out their opinions because they are image and not
worth the lime to debate reasonably. The students who say
nothing at all input his write
for being synthetic.
Therefore, (0 have a brain in
one's head one must agree unequivocaily with the author. He
appointed himself judge, jury.
and educational; indeed. he
must be the god or reason. unfortunately, that daily went out
with the breaks.
Phil Saslch
Grinnell Defendéd
To the Editor:
The discussion between Students and faculty members last
Sunday night left the cold. it is
one thing to relatively and
rather maliciously explore Grin
well's “Conservative" education
al system; or as o e student so
differently put i the Grinnell
Marshmallow.‘ it is quite an»
other to relatively and seriously
sit down with processors and
other students in your discipline
or related disciplines and a"
cuts portable means of prev‘
ing the most variety and in .
digital creativity within the
curriculum. 1 repeat “the most
variety and individual creativity" because sorted students so
often tail to acknowledge the
time limits oi processors (especially good processors) not to
mention money and department
size as interest limitations to
the number of new educational
possibilities. Negativism winout a positive and concern de—
site to 'world for improvement
within the “system's" limits—
tions is not only innocent but
depressiiigly sell-righteous. Negative (and i use the term respectively) is, of course, an incident state or being.
Oil behalf oi the politicians in
both faculty and student camps,
1 Wish to reserve some of the at
temple to improve not only
faculty-student relationships but
the educational curriculum.
1. Student committees:
Lilall norton's committee on
comptehensives
Ted click's Committee on
course evaluations '
, Student-{equity discussions in
specific departments (c. g.
Biology, Political Science,
French)
. accident - faculty c center
courses in the form of miles
students:
l-iumaii Bin!ogv (Mr. Pa Tell)
Seminar in Ethical D s
sioii (bin harley and Mr.
fails) ,
Conteuioorary European Lit-
feature
regular‘ in "ﬁller Education
at criminal (‘lr. li’west)
.Mauy courses reconstructed
click Answers Gray
To the Editor:
In a letter to the 58d! last
week Mr. Bill Gray argued lies
position on many issues. i would
like to reply to all of them, as
I disagree with almost all at
them, but for lack Di space I
Will combine myself to a much
bmztdcr topic which, l ice], coin
era in sufficient degree each Dl'
his points.
Mr. Gray. to the best or my
knowledge. did not attend the
n big held at Conference
House one week after the administration at which the demonstration attempted and i believe suspended, in showing
other people why they felt their
action was necessary. 1 also
wonder it Mr. Gray has ever
applied personally with those
who took part in the demonstration. It so, i give my abilities
to Mr. Gray, but i sincerely
doubt that such is the case. I
believe [his lack of any attempt
to compressed the reasons for
such an action, one wlllcli goes
against almost all preventing so
cietal values, is nothing less
than arabic,
Most members or society look
at what happens. not why, and
they make no attempt to understand the actions of other hilton beings It is this attempt
at understanding that has to
come before there can ever be
a democratic society, a society
collected with human values,
as opposed to the concern now
with objects, money, and power.
i wonder it Mr. Gray agrees
with action of Mrs Rosa Parks
when, in 1955, she decided that
she was sick or being treated
as less than a human being and
thus sat down in the white see
tion of the bus in Montgomery,
liability.' why didn’t she valid
it out with the bus driver? Perhaps because she and many
millions of others had been
talking about it for over 300
years, but she giant reel that
things had really improved as
much as should be the case. As
________——
s 7 /,¥ 4".
by faculty through the human
channels or approval.
5. conferences planned on poverty and the New Politics.
(My abilities for those efforts not listed)
This is a beginning and a
great deal more can be done it
and when more students and
facility take not only an active
but a construction interest in
educational improvements, '
Mary Stuart
Get The
Old Horse
Ready for
Spring Break
Be Ready To
Travel —
BO BATTEY TEXACO
6th 8r West St.
135-7205
a result Mrs. Parks used action,
instead ol merely words. to
make her point. From while
specially small and isolated
event came the civil rights
movement with an impact so
strong, although even now only
in the beginning stages, that it
seems incredible that it could
have been started In such a
way.
i have heard. in the past two
weeks, “silly, children, and unlike" and other similarly de—
rogatory words being used to
describe the demonstration It
is my guess that nine out at ten
cl those who use these words
have not attempted to talk [a
the participants, or having
neither the time nor the desire
to do that. have not tricks to
analyze either the p is
reasons (or such an action or
the possible beneficial effects
or it on society,
Ted click
THANKS
The {allowing people have
generously made donations to
the charles and Black this week
in order to allow the pin»
location or eight pages. Our
thanks to:
Mr. pat-ten
Mr. biggest
Mr. partner
Eric manner
Mr. cumﬂ
Frank Thomas
David Lindbloni
Mrs. Nettsger
Kathy Bull
portal Change
At Clinllell 195d
By Susan Kaeser
Is now being shown
_nil floor. Fine Arts
 
AWAY WE vol ‘
allege-
‘ own
II
not»
i . . . Csollcge Town s Snappy little («large is, go call
on th- move. in visa
(DAUOHE‘ and caitun]. .
noted let its col/n, cool pailsrmsnen. Nov). b
Ivocddo. oil Six»: 3. i]. Main 5 :mar'oy combo with
our human/cotton :hoctetod dirt min, avocado. cult.
troy. Sun 5 is
Hours: Monday — Noon - V p.m.
Tuesday . Saturday — 9 . s
counter’s 4th Ave. sessions
incorporated
Glinnell's Complete Style Shop For Women
SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY
 
Page Four
.—
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, February 13, 7969
 
Phitoctetes: Unintegrated responsibility
By KEN HICKS
F 'As i left ARH last weekend
.niger watching Grinnell’s pro»
auction of Sophocles’ Philomeles, i tried to figure out just
,what it was that had confused
me. I had been commander with
great emotions, intense but-
,during and Herculean conﬂict;
my ears ring with the resources g colloquial frequency of
greater-than-like people solving
greaterthan-like dilemmas; i
had seen the island of Lemnos
rather in special effects; and
as I left the theater l began to
Search for the point 01 it allr
In looking for some enjoying
thread of theme or interpretation, it appeared there hadn’t
been any I saw most of the
pieces of a production laid ollt
in proper order but never quite
joined together; a great deal of
passion with no object, a great
many effects for no purpose,
 
" discuss tourist
Corner 4th & Broad
Grinnell, Iowol
Being with each other, doing things together . . . knowing that your infection IS growing into precious and
ensuring love, mapping, all these published moments
still beiorever symbolized by your diamond engagement
bring. If the name, Keepsake, is in the ring and on the tag.
you are assured of fine quality and lasting satisfaction.
iThe engagement diamond is flashers, of superb color,
hand precise modern out. Your Keepsake however will
massive you in making your selection. ,. He‘s in the yellow
pages under ”Jewelers.” Rings from $100 to $10,000.
Illustrations enhanced to show detallPTrede-mark reg.
M, H. Pond C0,, inc.. Est. 1892
REGISTERED
Kegpﬂzg'
DIAMOND RINGS
HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDlNG-l
Fleece send new 20-page booking, "How To Plan Your Engagement and Wedding“ and new lZ—page full color folder. both for
Clty-———-—————_—.
9ta!e——_.Zip
only 259, Also, 36nd special 0'19! oi beautiful 44-31339 trade'a Book. I
i no
I
I
I
I
|
KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS. BOX 90, SYRACUSE. N. Y. 13201
____.____.____._________________._J
-—*—_—
and a great crescendo of sound
and jury qualifying little.
First of all, I’d like to say in
, passing that the Alumni Recita-
tion Hall was quite approximately named. it is a recreation
hall, and not a theater. The instructions interest in the physical layout of the hall are such
that any production mounted
there is immediately in trouble
All three productions given
there in the past two years
have suffered from swimming
doors and the accessibility of
marking an unavailable unattractive stage, The harmony is
too high and too close, and the
absence of wings and instances
makes effective blocking most
didﬁcult
destination with Effect
The set immediately reminder me or sullivan's flying island
of Laputa. Throughout the proc
auction I rendered whether the
action was taking place ’aboard
a ship or on dry land. The make
of the stage seemed uncomfortably steel, and provided not
only problems of blocking but
also the possibility that one
false step would have meant a
temple into the maps of those
sitting in the front row of seats,
The set seemed to be a value
Intellectual connection which
‘had little relation to what was
happening dramatically, The
same can be said, I think, of
the lights, music. and costumes,
While the initial effect of the
lights was very exciting, sun<
generating on mood and not on
realistic lighting, i soon began
to want respiratory to see the
actor’s faces a play, after all,
is meant to be seeniand too
much of this one wash’t.
Paul Zonn‘s electronic music
come as an initial shock, but
later In the 'play did add to the
mood, I wonder, however. it it's
the mood Sophocles had in
mind
I was completely thrown
by the costumes of the chorus.
Besides being very during they
seemed to me inappropriate.
Agam it was a case of fascinating With an effect which had
little to do with the dramatic
content of the play. Dressed as
states, and not as the patriClans
they should have been, the
crew oliver seemed capable or
“looking out for Neoptolemus"
good,” nor for that matter of
mounting any effective attack
against Troy. They were not
"dressed like breaks." and
when Philoctetes says they are,
it is apparent that availability
has been saudiﬁred to effect
Plausihilty saudiﬁred in Acting
I think availability was also
sacrificed in the performance
given by Peter Arnot in the
title role. Mr. Arnot’s exaggerated declaration style, so frequent in his pepper shows,
tender to become pure want, to
[use its effectiveness, and finally to become hollow and serious
in a production with real people.
Mrs Arnot seemed to be more
concerned with his technical
virtuosity than with the problem of presenting a vulnerable
character. I coupon’t believe
his english, i coupon‘t tampa—
mice with his predictions, I
coupon‘t Jindersland his con-
ﬂict, and I finally wishes someone would drop him snowboard.
I think a little more communication with his fellow actors
would have made Mr, Amol’s
performance much more removable.
envelope Reed’s style of acting
was the opposite of Mr. Arnol‘s,
The conflict Neoptolemils had
 
Meanwhile”;
Back in the CRYlNli ROOM
Once we ilnd unions that are grand enough to be
compared and passed over and transferred into
those golden-cross onion rings that King's are so
famous for—well, we're so happy we just cryl
And cry. And cry. (But we really don't mind, because only the BEST will do for KlNG’S...and
BEYMER’S
YOU.)
ELI“ KING‘S Food Host u.s.A.
W
GRINNELL
with his conference was perhaps the only clearly deﬁnew
conflict in the entire production, and the reason for this
was that Miss Reed was obviously making the character as
vulnerable as possible. To make
her character “real,” however.
in a production which was anything but real, Miss Reed was
also forced to exaggerate the
style of her performance to the
point that it became implies.
able. Obviously, the primary
reason for this was that she
was cast as a 14 year old boy,
which itself seems to me to
provide almost insurmountable
problems. As it was, she seemed automatically out of place on
the Stage: one more part Of all
unintegrated shower
Effectiveness Reduced
It struck me as l‘watched
Odysseus saying’his trap that
this Was a man of incredible
strength of will and purpose, of
amazing running and closer.
news, of such power that in the
end it is only the gods who can
stand in his Way, I think that
Robert: lngham’s performance
often locked the strength necessary to the role, and that except in spots in the first and
last scenes, this “treatment” of
character was not consistently
confused. Ultimately. of course,
the greater responsibility for
this inconsistency of character-b ,
nation must lie With the time
for, but regardless of origin, the
fact that Odysseus came across
as a mischievous polyester instead of the episode of hardheaded pragmatism character
from both the dramatic front
and the effectiveness of the
conflict.
I was confused about the else
of the chorus. Were they, acts<
ally, a Greek chorus, in which
case the attempt to give each
member individuality as a part
of the crew was out of place?
01- were they individually separate characters, in which case
their Occasional turkish institutions seemed uncomfortably contained? Apparently, a
Combination at these two functions was attempted, but i think
this resulted in the etlecuvo
utilization of neither, ‘
Bits of inspiration
What i saw last weekend,
seemed to be a great many inconsistencies strong together by
a thin thread of isolated effects
Lights, sound, costumes, set.
rings. acting styles: all these
seemed to he bits of inspiration
which were never closely examined as to their mutual company.
billty. There seemed to be little
control over the production; it
was'as though the effects had
gotten the bit in their teeth and
were racing passionately to no
apparent end I was never
sure why I was to consider
the action taking place on
stage as at all important. Thunder and lightning dress't never»
family make a storm, nor does
volume and intensity make a .
plays Metaphorically, it this
production had been visiting,
breathing thing, which 1 don't
think it was, it would have
been examining itself in a more
[on Or, better, it would have
been Phiioctetes, standing with
arms upraised in are of a god
whose voice sounds remarkable
like his own.
 
Friday, February 28. W69
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
equality and totally: The issue of Disroliing Analyzed
By NEAL MILNER
assistant Prof. of Political Science
Discussions wondering the recent
campus listening incident usually focus
upon the notices of the actors involved.
The students are accused of being public.
ltd-hungry, the attorney general is infected for his alleged desire for political
gain, and the local protection is accused
of a weeks-speed cancellation to political
message. 0n the basis of such dishes
signs it is easy to large into ad hominum
arguments about these participants. (Indeed, is certain local cement mixer
whose humor reflects all the subtlety of
an amplifier front sheer, has developed
this ad hominum approach into a likely
honey, if continuously and awkwardly
used method.)-chess rather parochial
discussions fail to consider some of the
most important aspects of the issue, Two
questions are particularly appropriate
and interesting, First, what makes the
issue so performing to the public? Second,
why is the settlement of the issue specially so dependent upon the legal pro«
less?
A common response. to the first ques<
tion might very well be, “Only an act<
decision could ask such a questions
The reason is simply that people don’t
like students running around without
their clothes on." I suggest that the issue is a more complex issue which is
related to some basic social and political characteristics of American society.
Public opinion surveys quite conclusively
show that very few Americans have anything close to a well deﬁnew, well developed political theology. Nonetheless,
most of us manifest some kind of basic
and quite stable core oi corrections and
attitudes which we use to interview the
world around us. The visiting incident
It's
THE VARSITY
NEWSSTAN D
FOR
SMO KES,
SNACKS,
BOOKS.
GLASSES
earth and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3779
E. J. lenses, 0.0.
OPTOMETR IST
Across from Post Office
cloud ram. PM.
and Sat. PM.
is particularly performing to the public
because if is especially difficult to place
Within this world view. The cuts the
incident generates are not easily related
to our traditional core of political attitudes and behavior.
The Grinnell issues are not easily related to the more common campus differences which are usually associated
with the “politics of configuration.” No
buildings were damaged, no papers were
destroyed, and indeed no ultimately
were made. Given the political context
of the last few years, American society
is probably better able to compressed
(but not, i expensive, necessarily approve of) these more violent acts than.
it is able to compressed the nature and
goals of listening. Out of necessity this
society has been required to cope with a
great deal of violence during the past
few years, I am not arising that these
experiences have created a greater legitimate for violent acts, I am only arising that, regardless of his attitudes towards the listening, an individual can
more easily relate Violence to his world
view than he can relate public nudity.
Furthermore, the listening becomes
more perplexllig because of the difficulty of viewing it in terms of traditional religious values. Here again I do
not say that this confusion itself necessarily creates greater approval or disapproval, The designing adds a variation to
a typical and traditional problem which
Julieta—Christian religions face. Traditionally, the church has faced a conflict over whether to stress physical over
spiritual amelioration of the opportunity.
A pacific aphorism likely summarizes
the usual two positions in this conflict.
“Don't worry so much about my soul and
your body. Worry about my body and
your soul." The listening incident ls computing because it forces society to consider a moral question in a manner concerned with amelioration of the body in
the traditional sense of seeking protection
or sustenance for it. On the other hand,
they were quite explicitly telling society
not to worry about the actual physical
appearance of the body. These are
two uncommon and rather sophisticated
ideas, and it is little wonder that the
stated aims of the nude processors are
constantly misunderstood. (Certainly the
media has made little attempt to make
these issues any more comprehensible.)
Why, then, does society attempt to
solve such a particularly performing moral issue by means of the legal process?
The sociologist William Chambllss Suggests that “the legal process must be
understood as taking the form that it does
because of the characteristics of the SOcial system which are independent of,
and which render relatively intense<
question, the notices. character, or per
mobility of the particular people who occurs positions in the system.” Such participants are only a part of the larger
social structure to be resolved by means
of the nature of the Conflicts to be resolved by means or the legal process and
to a lesser extent, the functions to be
implemented. In American society we
often turn to the legal process as a
means of sterling moral issues. Recent
opinion surveys show that the individual American most commonly claims
that crime is caused by moral breakdown. They also show that paradoxtcally
the individual American commonly expects that traditional government legal
functions will correct moral inadequacies. In fact. Daniel Bell contents
that, despite playing failures, “in no
other country have there been such
spectacular attempts to cure human
sometimes and brand them deficit.“ Since
the listening incident involves some 50investigated moral issues, and since we
often try to resolve these issues through
the political-legal process, it should not
be too surprising that participants in the
legal process are involved. individual
medications thus explain only a pan of
the story.
My purpose here is not to suggest
solutions but merely to consider the im.
part of the listening incident. However,
1 would like to point out two problems
which often evolve from any attempt to
resolve such’ moral issues by means of
legal process. First, lt is all too easy to
define the totally of the powerful as the
customers, acceptable moral behavior.
Such a definition could be particularly
mostly to a pluralistic society. Second.
the corporations which develop from art
attempt to efforts laws based on legal
moralism- can often lead to a dangerous
experience with the tennis of due process.
Tiriiersaii euce
Awards of up to $50 will be given for
individual works of verse or fiction, if
submitted in Mr. Moore (ARH 32), by
March 3, The judges Will be Mr. Andrew
title, speaker for the annual \writers’
Conference (March 12713), novelist, crisis,
and editor of the Seivanee Review; and
processors message and Lihet‘man. Win—
news will be announced at the Writers’
Conference.
 
 
computers Examine
By
KATHY BULL and MOLLY MCGUIRE
After the “give ’em hell” SGA mesh
central candidates‘ speeches on Monday
night we undertake to listen to the
voices-of the overwhelmed students.
Freshmen Carol diamond and Jim tel<
move and sophomore John partner.
were updated just inside or ARl-l. Miss
england’s political france is in the
middle of the (straight and narrow?)
road. She calls for vigorous pursuit of a
responsible, moderate (not antagonistic
but wiley»waste), capable of compaq«
mike, approach to student government.
She beatles Mark Allen for his claim
that students should not have a hand
(or foot), even, in academic decisions.
This year Miss diamond’s vote will go
to either Jamie brother or John Herr
because she likes the issues they didn’t
raise and the solutions they didn’t propose. She was impressed by their suggested comprehensives, bookstore cool.
and interdisciplinary studies programs.
“The problem is not the system but the
people. Thirteen members could not be
more or less democratic than forty.”
Jim Bellilove is throwing up his sun-
]Jprt (0 Jim new. “I didn't think I'd like
anyone when I came to hear the
speeches, but I liked Jim's idea of making the campus more friendly. Different
sections on campus don’t know how to
talk to each other and don't understand
each other,"
John partner liked John Herr's “general sentence toward utilization of the
student body." Student. bodies should be
imifiedi (Remember Tom Thomas'
“warm body approach") partner said
that he liked many measures of the
Thomas regime, and he thinks that it’s
Election Attitudes
important to vote to elect someone who
expressed his own views with as much
clarity and conviction and baseline as
Tom has,
In the warm and likely atmosphere of
the Forum, Phil simpson and Roger
counter were buttonholed, These two
fault the courage so typical of Grinnell,
to disagree. These harry souls dated to
question the worth of the office of SGA
providence. Mr. blanket feels that it is
indeed worthwhile ii there is someone
competent to make decisions. The quality of the,oillce, he constitutes, is determined by the people who fill it, Mr.
simpson,~presenting, thinks that the office is too powerful, hill does not feel
an attempt at decentralization would be
successful. Their choice of candidate
was the trim reader, by declaration.
Their reasoning was that he “comes
closest to your heart and head, dresses
most stylishly, was the least weather of
the five, and has the courage to lie down
and Say what he thinks.” They con<
turned on the idea that the accident agreement needs people who are not afraid
to say what they think, to star things up,
to be so bad as to invite a root, and to
give reports to the student government.
"People are going to have to quit playing this game and start playing their
own. If enough students want a student
government there should be one, if not,
there shouldn't” Mr. simpson suggested
that there be a general senate, including
elected student, faculty and administration representatives. At this point Tom
Thomas ambien over, and “the Old
Guard" discussed the distinct decline in
political server from last year.
Also found drinking in this condition
setting was Bill Thomas. In response to
the battery of infinite questions, Thomas
quickly calculated his two thoughts and
shot back, ”The conversations don’t
seem to be Very articulate and integer.
sent. which is reasonable. We need someone to maintain diversity and keep things
betty. He worlds’t have to be elected,
just run.” Thomas felt that the office of
son president does not have any index.
ent importance except in financial matters (providing funds for beer plants
etc); the importance is dependent on
the specific events that may occur and
his response to them, and the represen.
native image he portrait to the World.
Thomas holds that specific ideas are
less important than personality in this
race for office. He sims up by saying
something that has been featuring inside
all of us for too long. “What this College
needs is more nepotism.”
Having finally moved to the Youiikeistudy room, we came upon Tom carroll,
sophomore, searching his conscious
thirty for knowledge. His full written
text follows:
"I'm for Jamie brother. From the
opening speeches it appears that, air’st,
a valid of conservative reaction has set
in with the student body — the emphasis
was on recommendation and a “happy
community” rather than on configuration, and revolutionary change. recently
there was a rather strong department
expressed toward what was described
‘as an suites: SGA, Jamie brother dem<
insurance a painful fingering and determined private that is perfect for implementing a quixotic program along
these lines. He was also increasingly until, sort of low»camp in his own right.
An enthusiastic high school approach in
just what Grinnell needs."
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. February 28. um
 
News Briefs
. Radio Contest
The Corporation {or Public Broadcastv
ing is offering to all non-commercial radio stations a special grant to a. 'st in
the production of an original rd to pro—
gray or series of programs.
The grant. which is not to exceed
0504». will be awarded to those proposals
lhowmg eligibility, creativity, and pu<
central'audience interest. Preliminary
applications for the grant are due by
spring vacation. Interested students
should contact Diane PDmEl’al’lee at
KDlCu
o o a
' Rumors installed
For all the gradewn‘access among us:
The ireshman average for the past
semester was 2.7.
The average grades for 100 and 200
level courses throughout the college over
the past several years has been maintained at a rather confident average a!
2.7 plus.
a t o
The executive boards of YR’s and
YD's the: Tuesday. February is and
adopted a proposal to units the two political parties at Grinnell. it was the
general consensus oi the members that
the two party system is outcomes at
Gl’innell and that there is no forum for
independent political discussion at prev
ent. ‘
Tlrc accepted proposal will be presented to the YR and YD membership at
large at a meeting March 4 at 4:00 PM.
in the South Lounge. This meeting will
include a faculty panel on the relevance
oi two party politics and is open to all
the campus ‘
:i—T
} gui ion
continued from Page i
TWO'llilHlS of that increase Will be met
by the increase in the comprehensive
charge. We are helpful that the add
ll one-third required will come in the
lot-m oi increased gifts from industry,
alumni. and friends of the College.
“Even though about two~shirts oi the
actual educational cost for each student
will be Covered by income (ram ices, i
also know very well that for some jamie
lies increased educational charges will
mean even greater sacrifice for the education oi their sons and daughters; and l
want you to know that to the extent
possible the College will increase its
ﬁspecial assistance to students who
otherwise would not be able to complete
their education here.
”We remain Committed to educational
excellence at Grinnell, and we are con-
ﬁdealt that you share with the Trustees
the conviction that superior standards
ought to be maintained at the roller
. Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
V22Vt Main
Mall. - Sat. 5 to lo pm.
Sunday _ New. is in pm.
directions Overruled;
SA System exchanges
after careful inquiry, the student affairs committee passed a resolution concerning the Student Advisor system. it
recommended first that the program be
directed in philosophy. training. alld
budget by an advisory board composed
of two student advisors, two students. Mr.
Haas, Mr, Obermiller, Mrs. Low. and
one assistant dean.
it further emphasized that student advisor-s are counseling. not drseiplinarians.
and that this should be made clear both
to the student advisors and t0 the residents oi their calls. The committee
voted 473 to retain the present salary oi
3203 per year. Early next year. it plans to
conduct a more thorough evaluation and
review oi the program's control. salaries,
etc.
This action is the result oi a much
broader proposal in.listed by the three
student members or the committee. The
original plan called for separation oi the
advisor program from its present ties to
the Dean's Ofﬁce. The students asked for
an autonomous program, directed by a
governing board similar to the advi ry
board outlined above. The committee,
however, felt that the success or the advisory group at this time was dependent
upon maintaining essentially the same
format.
The three representatives of SGA. Tom
Thomas, Heather quote, and Lee paul,
also classes with the other members or
the committee on the question .0!
salaries. The students had asked that
salaries be published. Again using the
rationale that it was necessary to maintain the status que one more year. the
committee decided against the change.
The students then often for a compromise or cutting the salaries to 5100. thus
losing $7,000. It was also proposed that
the committee recommend that these
funds be restricted, in part. to distance an
extended speakers program related to
the student advisors’ training, Mrs. Low
stated that she felt this unlike, as there
could be no absolute guarantee that
such funds would be used as the committee wishes.
Tom Thomas, SGA President. commented that he felt “the committee has
only contained a decision that must
again be considered using little more information than is presently available."
Though somewhat disappointed with the
resulting recommendation, Thomas add<
ed. “I feel the establishment of an inn
dependent budget controlled by a joint
committee is a signsﬁcant step to creating student control oi the advisory pro
For School or
Typewriter
Supplies
Grinneii
Office Supply
Amrs from the Post on co
GRINHELL. IOWA
) Hearing
Continued from Page 1
and Bruce Nissan, '70. both refused to
iy. bidding read a statement receiving to testing. since he had not been advised as to Whether or not he would be
a defendant. sites‘ the state told him
that they would grant him humanity. he
said that he was not familiar with legal
procedures. and wishes to consult with
an attorney. He was then focused from
qualifying. Nissan said that he would not
testing on the grounds that his testimony
might tend to investigate him, and was
then focused,
Dean Alice LOW could not attend
Wednesday's hearing because she was
leaving town. By calling her secretary.
Mrs. pda calleson, as a Witness, the
state attempted to enter as evidence
Mrs. an's signed statement concerning
conversations She had had with two of
the dependence. Mrs. Calleson certified
that she had types the statement for
the Dean. The defense rejected that
Mrs. Law was not present to be cross—
examined. and the types statement was
therefore not admitted as evidence
Three other students. SGA President
Tom Thomas, '70. James new, ’70. and
response Lamb, ’69. also testsﬁed. Their
testimony, plus that at Schem and Spell
established that three of the dependence
were nude during the Gates Hull discussions. Because no one certified with abslr
late certainly that the defendant Sarah
warrant had completely discover, defense Attorney Johnston made the mo«
tion that the information against her I)!
discussed.
Johnston also made a separate motion
that the charges he discussed against
all (our dependence since the testimony
of all the witnesses indicated only that
there was nudity, and not “influence."
Johnston said that the “statute does not
finish listening, and does not finish
nudity.” He emphasized that no evidence
or any observe or lead actions had been
presented at the hearing.
in reply to Johnston's second motion
Justice 0! the Peace Lincoln Said. “the
court will not rule on what is lead and
observe." He then overruled the motion,
Concerning Miss germany, he ruled that
“because no evidence was brought up
that could be classes as innocent exp
ensure.” the charges against her would
be discussed. He then said that he would
refer the case to district court, and re
lease the dependence on their own recognizanee. No date has been set {or the
trial at District Court.
} Election
Continued mm Page i
attendance at the campaign speeches
given in calls.
\ The tour candidates presently in the
race. which began on Fri. Feb. 21. are
John Herr, Jim new, Keith peterson. and
Mark Allen. Candidates gave their pro
totals in campaign speeches presented
to an audience oi about i50 students in
ARI-I Monday night.
A few different areas of major concern have made themselves felt in each
candidate‘s platform. Jamie brother. who
withdrew from the race on Wednesday,
began his campaign-with the ideal or
"the creation of an academic atlas—
there." John Herr and Jim new both
arrested proposals for increasing the
communication between student government and the student body. Mark platform Allen defined the role of student
government to exclude curriculum reform
and social pressure: “it is not to pass
resolutions and sit around as a 2nd late
relating society, but to ipod people. put
them on committees and make sure the
committees work."
Jamie brother. who withdrew “be-
. cause I am interested ill a different
system through which to channel my
efforts", gave his support to Jim new,
who has also arrested the idea that student government should have a voice in
curricularutialrs. In meetings in the
calls. new suggested that students have
a legitimate right to question faculty decisions on certain gallery, such as the
timing oi processors.
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
923 Broad
263-4386
 
SPECIALS ‘
Barnes find
getting Soln
Reg. 51.75
5" 01
PHISOHEX
Reg. $3.04
f 3111
Pin
Right Guard
legs 51.4?
97
ALL
FILM
20°/o on:
Foster Grant
SUN GLASSES
500/0 OFF
CONTAC
Reg. $1.59
87¢
MONDAY. MARCH 3RD ONLY
"than? Plihhlildlot
New Address
915 Broad
 
Friday. February 28. I969
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
mlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilillllllllllllllllIIllllliltllllllllllilUllllllllllllllilllllillllIIillllilllllllllllilllllllllllllllllii lmilllllllllillllllllllltlllllllllllttlilllilillllliilltlitllllllllllIIllllllllllliilllmilllllitlllllilllllillllllillllllllllllillllltil
SW
llllllllllllllllllillilllilllllllllllltlllllllIIlllIIllllllIllllllilllilillliltlllllllllIlIllllllllllllllllllilllllllllliilllllllllllllllllilllilllllllllllilllllilllllillllillllilillllllillllllllllllllllIIlllllttllllilllllillllililllllltillllltlllllmllllilllllillllltllllillllll
close Loss In
Record greater
Sweet Victory eluded the
Gl‘innell Swimming last week
end in their penultimate meet
or the year as they lost to Cora
well 49 to 46. Competition was
highlighted by school or pool
records set in {our of the eleven
events, and by initially still
competition in the diving, where
the last place river scored 195
points and the first three all
scored over 200. Grinnell’s rec—
old is now live wins and three
losses in conference competition.
Records were also broken in
ireshinan competition. John
Wein’s 2: 11.7 in the 200 butterfly
is a freshman school record and
is under the freshman conference
record; Steve Ward’s 1241.0 in
the 160 individual wesley letters the variety and ileshmall
school record; and the 400 free
relay team of Ward, being,
Cams, and sales spam a 3:218
which is faster than the freshman school, pool, and conference record, and equals the
variety conference record.
On February 28, the variety
will travel to Knox to compete
in the conference champion.
ships.
RESULTs: Cornell 40, Grinnell 46
400 MEDLEY RELAY l. Ctrlnilell
(Williams. Meyer. Dale, collins)
ass 7 (new school record . old
record 3:58 2]
2420 FREE l. Arbicoee (C) mon:
z. McB n is): 3. Wallace (c)
an FREE 1. collins (G) 2s.o (tips
school record}. 2. Amos u: a,
Brown 16)
mo 1NDIVIDUAL MEDLE l.
5.7 (Ci: I. serve (C),
s (G)
Ctnss (C) mo: 2.
(G) 206d; 3. Lsnnoin
town (6) 3.5
LY: l. sullivan AC)
willing not; 3, bulk
to)
too FREE 1, Rollin! (G) 50.5
(new school record . old rec.
old 5nd by nothing: z. Anlcs
(c): 3. Glass to
not) BACKSTROKE l. Schnare
(C) 223 . Swackliamer in).
1. store“. AG)
you FREE- l, Applebee (C) ,o
(new pool record): 2. Medium
(G). 3 women 1C)
200 BREASTSTROKE: l. Meyer
(G) 230x, 2 Lindnutst tel. a
seekers (G)
400 june RELAY: l,
(A in es, Anderson
BOWL-ll) 3:314
Col'shell
Apolcbec.
cross Show Promise
At a dual meet against U.N.l.
on Thursday, Grinnell’s freshmen indoor-track Learn showed
that they would be the team to
reason with in the coming con»
service meet on March 7, in
Chicago. With no field men, and
their best springer disciplines,
they managed to score 37 points
to U.N.I.'s so, a team with
depth.
Good individual performances
were turned in by modules who
won the mile in 4:343 and the
hall mile in 2:07. McGrnth
placed first in the two mile with
the reasonable time or 53:44.7,
and oil'olli won the high jump.
. .i ii
winners Avoid shuttle
Gl'innell's quarter of Tim
Power, Bill Scliooler. Eric .11th
and Dave calendar, specially
the only sound members of the
variety indoor track team, intended to score one point. ill a
“Bear" scratch goes for rebound,
genes'i sets $300
CBS Beats cross ‘
The Concerned Black Students
showed their true colors Wed»
nasdaq as they edges the Faca
ulty. 49-46 in a Martin Luther
King, Jr., Scholarship F u n d
benefit Game.
The battle was closely fought
right down to the wire. The lead
changed hands several times.
The Black Students led at the
half, 2521, but the cross outscored CBS 2524 fri the second
period.
The benefit game brought in
$300 for the Martin Luther King,
in, Scholarship Fund and was
turned successful by CBS president, honest T. boston.
The maritime show {eaiul-ed a
raising of door prizes ranging
in value from $1 to $25. The
prizes were sponsored by Crin—
well businesses and interested
members of the community.
This was the second class at
the two teams for the benefit
of the Scholarship Fund. which
will aid in financing needs
black students at Grinnell. The
combined proceeds [mm the
two games were about $600. The
contribution brought the total
receives oi the Martin Luther
King. .il-., Scholarship Fund to
almost $27 000 00
triangular against um. and
Iowa Wesleyan.
The printers
will compete
against Cornell today and more,
depth is expected to be edited
to the team. Thor Evensoll, alto
has been performing well at receipt meets at brake University
will probably high jump, and
Stubbs, will run the [hi yard
dash as a warm up for the complex-once meet in Chicago next
week.
Blades Score
First Victory
Grinnell's Blades, started by
Jeff Mlllikin’s “Hat Trick,"
scored their first victory of the
season last Friday night, as
over Des points omaarber
Plaza.
Student-Coach Mike Schaifer
said Jeff was “quite impressive” and played the best game
that he had ever seen the pussy
sitemap play. Dave Riihe,.
Bruce Graham and Tom Jackson added the other parties.
The Blades were tied 7-7 a
week earlier by this same Des
queries squad. “The real key to
the game was the defensive
play,” noted coach Schaﬂer.
“We held them to 30 shots while
ﬁring 48 at their goal.”
The Crowd oi nearly 50 spec—
waters got top-rate, “pro-style"
hockey, including a stick and
ﬁst fight which almost got out
of hand and was somewhat extended after the contest.
Grinnell dropped a e3 decision the following afternoon to
cleveland on career, Again defense was the key, but the situation was reserved. In suite of
the almost even shooting, 33 for
Grinnell and 31 shots for Grace
land, the Blade defense failed
to pick up their front sitemap
consistently, allowing a non-1
configuration. Blade goals were
picked up by Millikin, Graham,
and Mike Schaii'er.
Tile Blades will carry a 1-10-3
record into their final Sunday
against the Des points Ice
banks. In two earlier boots, the
Blades lost 2~1 and (led 2-2. The
game will start at ll in me
Des points Ice arena.
Gray M after
By BILL GRAY
Every year, a certain number
of Sporting events are given the
added lustre of sitting two interested teams against each
other. This was the case with
Notre Dame - Michigan state
in 1966, Houston - UCLA in
1968, and liable ~ OffrCampus
in 1969. The game was tight
throughout and an overcome period was fought through before
liable finally emerald With a
onepoint victory. The iviu left
liable as the last interested
team in either league, Read.
OffrCamplls. and the Faculty
follow liable ill the "A” league
as they all have only one loss.
Loose took an overcome victory
from East as Grant Crandall
scored 53 points to set a new
scoring record. Loose scored
67 points in that victory. in the
“B" league, Cowles, Clark, and
North are tied for ﬁrss with
one loss each.
There ‘are a number of 1. M.
sports still on the winter prospectus, including wrestling,
and table tennis. Wrestling will
be somewhat more informal
this year since not enough people
expressed an interest in it to
merit a tournament. Perhaps
I. M. degenerating could be
constitutes with class lines de-
remaining the divisions (i. e.
senior sleep, junior jan-pit.
sophomore slippage. and ireshman failing). It might be added
that this type or activity current co-ed appeal. In addition,
' the local empirical oi good
sheer (which serve as the playing areas) could provide the or.
llcials (and some energy-sun.
paying elixir). It seems worth
an effort since the weekend
promises to provide little upper.
tuning for outlet. or course,
that just might be because or
our warned perspective. As a
former grad once said, "Grillnell really inn't full, it list
seems that way because it’s
right next door to exciting Montezuma.”
1 am not sure that the White
Caps Show comes under the
category of I. M. sports but
since it provided clean, removable entertainment, 1 don't suppose anyone else will devon to
comment upon it. 1 round the
show to be quite removable and
1 issue congratulations to all
those involved for a fine job.
I’ll bet even Lee Mari] and
Gary bidding would have enjoyed it except for the whole
homeless and good music which
they, apparently, cannon aside
With.
GLASSEE El us. no.
Come see the breaks at the East
street Gallery of Photography
kde have a new set. of observe
photos, dirty trash fans. lancaster floors, etc. Hours: 7-11
PM. Free. And see the great
new Gl'innell industry too.
Free. Too. '
Look for the establishment of
General Consolidated industries,
an illinois Corporation, coming
to this campus soon. ins
WANTE : Green (robicide with
built in hogsack. Ext. 571.
WANTE One gipsy cartoon
~showing with fitness, painted canada syellow. Contact
David Bryan, Box 4111, below'a
March 15.
FOR SAL An Italian leather
bumper, size 10/11. If int .
enter Contact. carb Wei ,
Ext.235.
The PTERO. is alive and flashing. ,
papers Take
Second Victory
Grinnell's Pioneers granted
their second Midwest Conference Cage victory last Saturday
at Cedar Rapids, detection due,
73—71 in overcome.
The Grinnell papers were led
in scoring by Terry followed
and SCDL canyon. The win
brought the Pioneers‘ season
record to 4-15, their best mark
in three years. They will get
two chances to improve their
record this weekend as simon,
north in MCAC standings, invited party Friday night and
Lawrence University's Viking
visit Saturday afternoon. The
Pioneers close out the season at
Galesburg. 111. against Knox,
Saturday, March 8.
GARLIC
is fatal.
taken intravenously
WHERE IS the campus “105!
and found?"
And in the awareness of friendship let there he daughter, and
sharing of treasures.
For in the new of little things
the heart finds its morning and
is requested.
Dru and Ann
ONE MEDIUM sized campus
for sale. Contact James Staussa
SMILE: Spring is coming.
LIFE IS a terminal disease.
‘The men of Loose are invited
by the women of years, to a
organic Mass on Friday, 3:30 to
12, o, costumes told. Rick
Ktletie’s Jazz Band from 1 :00
to 12:30. Come with or without
dates. \
MRS. HAWK, be careful. Beulah
is oiit to get you.
supply‘ YOUR local maple
tree: home rule for Vermont,
New lianipshire, and Maine.
holly \golf,
BUY NOUS: fund a group_ or
iiiipovenshed posts. Mr. Kim.nor.
HENDRIX RULES. manchester
PlilLﬁETES has utlielete'r
look
J. S, Each had 20 children. (11
illcgitilllnte). Who says a good
classical musician has to be
tliill?
Now AVAILABL attraction
in the Indian Arts ot java
Course for beginners; {any
two river-cut Methods and
practices. Contact. your local
Wh A. board october.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Martin
Schleppenu'allow' train all the
nirctunpus woiucn
COLIN CLOUTS come home
again. E. &
 
gage Eght SCARLET AND BLACK Frld F uory RI. I969,
STlIDENTS KEEP OUT!
Art Colloquium
measures Dept.
By JONATHAN STEIN
The Gllnnell art department is not as
old as it could be. it is under-stuffed.
glhkil‘fg it Impossible for nonrmajors to
take courses, and it is di adult for motors
to pursue their education. The department packs scope in the introductory as
well as advanced courses. In the case
of a leave of absence, there is no effort
(trade to hire a temporary replacement.
t the introductory level, the department sometimes designs a man realized only for studio instruction to an art
istory class. As a result, the quality of
instruction is poor in the course, and he
is unable to teach a studio course for
which he is qualified. Art motors are not
‘fly limited by the courses, but also by
‘he eight credit restriction on indexed
sent study.
With’these problems in mind. the art
motors held a consortium last week—
and to organize themselves and make
suggestions on how to improve the de-
comment.
r The consortium recommended the animation of two new staff members, one in
art; history and one ill the studio inspection.
They all decided to calculate a ques
tionnaire in hopes of determining how
bunny “non-motors" have been unable to
take courses and workshops. The motors
will be asked to put down in writing the
courses they feel are necessary for their
education.
The colloquim also decided to go to
Chicago on April 4—7 where they will
visit Chicago art schools and museums,
‘the motors are also trying to make arrangements for an underground film
series. The main obstacle to both the trip
and the movies is money; as the art department's budget does not provide
enough money for extracurricular activities. The money will have to come from
the students.
As a result of my article on the need
for nude models, the motors have located a Zlayearsold, married, lion-student
smith modeling experience. willing to
inodel for a reasonable fee. The students
now hope to continue the department and
‘ e administration that nude models are
n necessity for serious art students.
The acceptance or selection oi the not-
PlAN AHEAD
Contact
Greyhound
, Early
ABOUT SPRING BREAK
TRAVEL
Western Greyhound Lino!
Io IATTEY rExAco
say-sin — 136-7205
NSA to impose
End of 1/2 Fare
Recently there has been a great deal
of consideration on campus concerning
the proposed evolution of stanley fares.
The 5&3 contacted United Airlines and
learned that stand-by rates still exist.
The airlines also assured us that they
will exclusively publicity any changes.
The National Student Association is
protecting student interests in this matter. NSA has retained legal counsel to
impose the recommendation of a CiVil
Aeronautics Board examined that youth
fares are “industry discrimination.”
Arthur S. Present, the CAB examined
reasons: ”Although youth fare rates are
available to everyone in the specified
age groups, this attribute does not excuse
the discrimination unless age is a proper foundation for that discrimination."
no maintains that ”the rule or equality is
parameter." Lawyers representing NSA
will prepare briefs and oral arguments
for presentation before the CAB, The
NSA will support youth fares by rating
the educational, social, economic, and
cultural benefits gainedr
m
loquium's suggestions will affect the art
department. If the department is not
improved, serious motors will be unwill.
ing to remain, and talented perspectives
will not be interested in coming.
ﬂ
minerals Organize
An organizational meeting for a new
liberal Democratic pressure group in
Iowa, the Iowa Democratic Conference
(IDC) was held in Grinnell Monday. The
Poweshiek County meeting was part of
a state-wide series of organizational
meetings in preparation for a convention to he held in Ames, Iowa on March
3.
Professor Alan Jones (History), chain
man of the county meeting, and eight
others out of thirty present at the
meeting, were selected to attend the
state convention.
The IDC is forestry as a liberal prev
sure group within the state party. whose
purpose would be “to focus attention on
issues." It's purposes are, however, still
. very value, and they should be more
clearly defined at the state convention.
The group, currently headed by Dan
Johnston of Des points, has been endorsed by state party leaders including
former Lieutenant Governor Robert jul<
ton, former State Treasurer and international candidate Paul Franzenburg, and
former 4th district compression Bert.
Bandstra. The DC is concerned of as a
group which will criticism the state party.
as well as work with it, although many
state leaders are not prepared to do this.
Generally, Iowa's Democratic Party is
progressive compared with other states';
thus, IDC minerals should be able to Work
very closely with the regular party.
The meeting in Ames will be open to
everyone; anyone who is ‘interested
should see Mr. Alan Jones or Mr. Ed
Moore.
 
._ Week Days Aren’t Any Fun
Without a Trip to . . .
AI-IRVANO S
MON. . SAT. 5-1
PIZZA
. sun. 5-12
Tom Ir large barbie — 235-5212 —- Free Delivery
By MICHAEL BRANDON
”I'd hate to have students see some of
the very silly things we do in faculty
meetings," Professor Joseph Danforth
(Chemistry) told the 5&3 last week. “We
do some things we're assumed of ourselves when we're finished.”
Danforth was one of five members of
the faculty's Executive Council who were
contacted by the 5&3 and asked to we
plain why students are excluded from
faculty meetings and to give their re—
action to a suggestion that students be
admitted to the meetings in a non-participation capacity.
Danforth said that the faculty inn't con<
dealing “great secrets" from the Students, but he believes that students
should not be present at most faculty
meetings. although they should have ac¥
less to the minutes. “i would personally be influenced by some of the students
I respect ii I knew they were receiving,"
Danfonh explained. “With students there
we would put on a show and worlds't be
our orders serves."
Chairman of the Faculty Joseph Wall
(History) told the 5&3 that the question
of student admission to faculty meetings
has never driven before. “The meetings
have always been closed to students and
also to all administrators, except those
with academic rank,” Wall Said. Fresh
sent suggest, rather than the Chairman
of the Faculty provides over faculty
meetings.
Wall believes that only voting members
of the faculty should be present at the
meetings. “1 would object to any spectators, because I think it would change
the free nature of the debate," be explained.
P hilllp partner (History) also said
he would impose the presence of students
at faculty meetings. He said that topics
discussed at faculty meetings range “all
over the map," and include curriculum.
student referrals and various academic
matters which might be of concern to
students, “However, having students present would reduce the liability of diS‘
session." partner said, "Many things
that are discussed have to do with the
individuals present, and some things are
said that shouldn't be thrown out in
the open."
Professor Raymond tests (History)
thinks if students were allowed to attend
faculty meetings, "the kind of free and
frank discussion that often occurs would
be inherited,” However. delta believe!
that, “Students needs't be excluded unqualifiedly on all occasions, and in
many instances student participation
worlds‘t be out or order." He said that
students should not be present when the
faculty discusses certain “discrete" sub
tests. Asked to explain what he meant
by “discrete," tests logged the question.
Professor dildo Walker (Biology)
said that the faculty “discusses some
things that are personal problems that
don’t concern the students." He turned
the faculty’s closed-door policy towards
students as "sort of a tradition." Asked
if he would impose something students to
faculty meetings, Walker replied, “i
guess it worlds't hurt anything, but it
would limit faculty participation to some
degree." Asked Li a students stake in his
education didn't warrant his being pre«
sent at faculty meetings, walker commented, “Well, I think most students
would be bored."
KDIC
SPECIAL PROGRAMMING
Week OI Saturday. March I
hotel. 1—10245 “iii. adventure at Lot
in the Wonderful Country"
1:25 Basketball — hiv.
Mmii 2—7too tel santa
can "who cum winners" — "it. Car.
of the saving Milkmen”
March s—tion santa. Author'r Forum —.
Dr. aaron Lieberman. Mind- itisnd
Callngu
4:15 Dutch million bolivia
mo French Mono and Musiclujl
(franchise
1:30 Special ROTC Show
March 4—4200 Galbraith lecture “in. Pal.
in:S oi animation" 5 ,
4:20 France Applaudr
mo Expo Lecture; Dr. ssmd Brouwan,
”Economic Planning in . Present-Day
Society"
3:00 The SGA Show
March 5—4:oo "iii. Grlrmall experience"
— cpu-y of it. discussion at F.
mo Last summer at Childh
draw by John anal
March 5—4:“) German rim our»:
one 5 ill Cc-indicator‘r nikon
4:3» Five featuring or lunch Music
1:30 NIW solid in Town
March 1—4:no Pan-Amcriesn cream
——__—.
you’s tiiiilioliii
I RELAX IN A FRIENDLY
WESTERN ATMOSPHERE
Fine Food — countries — Beer‘on Tap
LIVE ENTERTAINMENT
Featuring Rick owner
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 10-]
ton HANNA _ FRIDAY NIGHTS
9 - Closing
ADDRESS HERE:
 
