GRINNELL COLLEGE
i SCARLET & BLACK
CfllSOBEp BY till PRINTER
crusonto BYWTHEVPRINTER 7
Vol. LXXVll
THE STUDENT NEWSPAPER
crime”. Iowa, Friday. November 2|. itse—
ltd—to
 
complete Text of suggest’s
State of the College Speech
(At last Monday’s faculty meeting President Glenn suggest delivered an address on what he called “the state of the
college.” The complete text of his remarks is published below.)
I want to talk with you about the state of the College as I see
it. This means I will be talking about some of our problems—financial, educational, and psychological, I may spread some bloom
and probably some department, but here and there there may be
a grammar of hope and good nature.
All colleges are in trouble. The better colleges are in more
trouble than the others, briefly because their expectationsare
higher and thus harder to realize and more expensive, partly
because it is the nature of a superior faculty and student body to
invite trouble more efficiently than the nature of a second-rate
faculty and student body. But the fact that we have partners in
trouble is cold comfort for us here in Grinnell. This is where we
live; this is the environment that works on our personal and professional nerveendings; this is where our problems have to be
solved.
You already have some information about our financial problems, On September 26, I sent you my interpretation of the trustees’ meeting of September 17, in which the trustees based certain
questions for study by the faculty. These questions, all inter-related, concerned the financial modifications of different studentfaculty ratios, of the relationship of the comprehensive student fee
to the actual cost of a student's education, of an increase in enrollment, and of a cutback in administrative services. means Wall
and Walker, with the assistance of Professor Voertman of economics and Professor collins of Mathematics have already begun
to develop the necessary models of analysis for such studies; and
my understanding is that the computer will shortly be bringing
forth the data which will help us form our recommendations to
the trustees at their June, 197D,_ meeting. Though analysis and study will not resolve our financial problems, they will at least define
them more accurately than ever before. In the dealtime, our
development people and appropriate staff and faculty persons are
hard at work defining more and better strategies for raising
funds. The effort is CrucialI for like all colleges, we face the fact
of an increasing discrepancy between our ability to spend money
and our ability to find it. fucking, we have, because of our equipment and the nature of our trustees, more residence than most
colleges, We should appreciate this circumstance, so long as we
realize that the history of authority as practices by Dean Walker
has a necessary accuracy about it. If you have departments about
this hard fact. take them out not on Dean Walker, but rather on
the fact of national inflation, on a federal government which cannon decide what its obligations are, and on a war that is showing
up both bodies and minds and is dangerously close to making
psychopaths of us all.
The problem of simple educational safety, let alone educational
direction and leadership, in such an unhappy climate, is almost
beyond description. Faculty are battery or self-righteous; students
are registered or angry; parents are confused or operated; alumni
are indignant or puzzles. Trustees wonder why they gathered in the
first place. treatments and means, who by nature like to begin
each morning with a substance of ordered purpose and a minor
feeling of executive muscles, discover every day that once again
there is time only to strategies about frequencies and time only
to device their years muscles to the unhappy routine of academic
stable-keeping. l overstate the circumstances, by about one per—
cent. We cannon do much about resulting this national along, and
we cannon avoid being profoundly affected by it. But we can make
a better effort than we have to bring a measure of safety into our
own operation.
How do we start such an effort? We start by defining our priorities, then move to describing the obligations that are attached
to these priorities, and then to marketing out our time and energy
accordingly. The first priority of this institution is to offer superior
undergraduate education. Superior undergraduate education is not
primarily a matter of curriculum cancellation; it is mostly a matter of superior faculty teaching superior students. This means that
our first emerging need to go into the recruiting and retention of
superior faculty and into the searching out of superior high school
graduates and into keeping them working hard and constructively
after they get here. This process also implies the obligation to dis—
courage from remaining here those faculty and students who for
whatever reasons do not meet the standards we commit ourselves
to. A great deal of our energy is already going into this priority
of searching out and remaining good faculty and good students, and
quite successfully so. As yet not enough is going into the hard-
headed application of the measuring-up process and the decision
STATE OF THE COLLEGE — font. on Page 6, Col. 1
, neither
r‘ftowniesl’l . . , .
Four Ptero lenders posted
Four persons, including one
Grinnell student and two alumni, were arrested in Cedar Falls
Wednesday afternoon while
selling the latest issue of
Pterodactyl, Grinnell’s under—
ground newspaper.
Charged wlih distribution observe matter were sophomore
Jacob Alfred Margolin, 19, of
Metuchen, N.J.; Krystyna german, 22, of Grinnell, a 1968
graduate; Catherine Reed Leda
er, 22. of Allen Park, rich, a
1969 graduate; and Robert D.
Hoenig, 18. of Metuchen, N
According to Cedar Falls police, the four were arrested
about 2 pm. at the intersection
of 23rd and College near the
University of Northern iowa
campus after police received a
complaint that they were selling
observe material.
The four were arraigned in
the Municipal Court of Cedar
Falls late Wednesday afternoon
and were released on their own
recognizance upon their promise
to appear for a hearing scheduled for 4 pm. Thursday.
They were charged under a
state obscenity statute which
provides for a maximum penalv
ty of one year’s infringement
or a fine not excluding one
"10nude dollars.
The allegedly observe issue
included a full-page photograph
reporting a male youth
 
Five Hundred Dollar Theft
During Sweetwater Concert
By Mark Sableman
More than five hundred dollars in clothes and cash was
stolen from the party dressing room of the Sweetwater
band during their concert here
last Saturday.
Although the College social
committee is not legally bound
to pay for the loss, it expects
to make some kind of settle—
ment with Sweetwater "to ensure good relations," according to Social Coordinator Jon
klein.
The incident illustrated the
growing amount of largely on
campus, and the related proc—
let of security at concerts and
cancer.
There was actually more
security at the dance Saturday
than was required under the
contract w i t h Sweetwater,
since one Grinnell affiliate political was hired to watch
the dressing room area.
There were also the normal
two policemen outside party
to keep “considers” out of the
dance.
Nevertheless, in between the
rounds of the political inside, the dressing room was
broken into, and three leather
costs valued at $50 each, one
valued at $290, and $70 in cash
were taken.
The theft was reported to
Grinnell police, but they told
the 5&3 that they have no
leads as yet.
A number of people from
towns as far away as Cedar
Rapids and Newton were observed at the dance, and some
suspect these considers pulled
off the theft.
Social coordinator Jon klein
told the 5&3 that he recognized more than twenty people
at the concert as definitely
college students or
klein also mentioned that, before the Sweetwater concert,
he had seen three of these
“considers” using the telephone in the dressing room. He
told them to leave, since he
needed to use the phone to call
Sweetwater in Des points.
lifetime after klein had made
his telephone call and left, the
phone was taken from the
dressing room,
(Later that evening, four
boys from Newton were picked
up by police and charged with
discussing the peace, and illegal possession of beer. When
the police picked them up, they
had the phone from party in
their possession, They were
THEFT—
month on Page 2, Col. 3
— in front of several
Playboy magazine centerfolds
and a short story by existing
northeast visible describing a
couple -
Police reported Wednesday
that they did not seek prior
notification that the material
was observe before they made
the artists. “It was observe because it showed a naked man,"
Sgt. Peterson of the Cedar Falls
police told the 5&3.
Last year, state agents were
ordered to return allegedly
observe alert material that
they had served at a hilton
Junction printing shop. A dis
trick court judge ruled that the
leisure was illegal because
there had been no prior notification that the material was observe. A Pterodactyl suit against Iowa Attorney General
Richard Turner and other
agents involved in the leisure
is still pending in the 8th US,
Circuit Court of Appeals in St.
Louis,
BULLETIN—Thursday moms
ing, the hearing for the four
Vendors arrested in Cedar Falls
was contained until next Monday upon the request of their
attorney, Clark Holmes of Des
holmes.
Ptero staff member Henry
Wilhelm said that numerous re—
tail outlets have stopped se
ing the latest issue, although it '
is Still being calculated on campus.
David Danforth, a clerk at the
variety Newstand in Grinnell,
said that he stopped selling
Ptero “because of what happened in Cedar Falls." Danforth
also said that he was Visited by
law enforcement officials hours—
day morning regarding Ptero,
but would make no further comment.
 
WASHINGTON. March Against Death participants place
names of American war dead in symbolic collins at the foot
at Capitol Hill. (See Washington story on Page 4.)
 
v.9. Two
Movie Previews:
“olympics” & “The White robbie”
By Jon klein
This‘weekénd's movE will be
”Tokyo olympics" and “The
White robbie." “Tokyo olympic " will be shown Friday at
9:30 pm. and Saturday at 8:30
pm. "The White robbie" will
be shown at 10:30 p.m. Sat»
today and at 8:00 pm. on Sunday,
“Tokyo olympics," directed
by Kori Ichikawa (“Fires on
the Plain"), is a 93—minute color documentary on the 1964
Olympics. it is not merely a
sports film, but a significantly executed automatic one to
the human body and spirit.
Much of the film is pure bondage, following literally from
Riefenstahl and Eisenstein.
The photography is stunning,
exploring a number of special effects, such as stroke
shots of the gymnasts, enter«
“£1159 of slow motion, and
for all
Pioneers
some remarkable closeups.
“The White robbie,” is a superior horror film, it was
made during the early Thirties,
the socalled “golden age of
horror film,” non Chaney Sr,
was originally scheduled for
the starring role, but because
of his death (still a mystery) it
was given to Bela Lugosi, the
Hungarian actor who had been
brought to the U.S, to star in
“Dracula" (1931). This lS a
“good guy-bad guy” film (hits),
yet devoid of mood music and
special effects. may!
“tutorials," next Wednesday
night at 3:30, is a Hitchcock
film with lngrid persian, mary
Grant, and clause gains. More
a study of relationships than
a straight thriller, this is one
of Hitchcock’s best films.
POWESHIEK “iii"ririmBANK
cloud/5th 5 Wm - ooo-II
WE")
SCARLET AND BLACK
p Theft
font. from Page I
tried in Justice of the Peace
court in Grinnell and 'each
fixed $100 on the possession of
beer charge.)
Presently, the Grinnell auxs
iliary police are relief on for
security at concerts and cancer
in party and the Forum.
klein pointed out that in
many ways this is not the best
security system, since the
affiliate police cannon effectively keep considers from college activities.
He also mentioned the high
cost of using the affiliate por
like: to guard the party dressing room effectively, three or
four policemen (instead of one)
would be needed, and they cost
$15 per man per night.
Thus increasing this kind
of security to the point where
it might be effective would
mean one less concert or
dance each year, klein said.
klein suggested that a different kind of security system
be considered, possibly elimination the unnecessary performs a and guns — of the
affiliate police, and making
use of student ID cards.
Although he forests possible
student opposition to any such
“tightening of security," klein
said that Grinnell students
”just have to start asking
themselves if we area't getting
to be a place where you can’t
trust everybody.”
Question of the Week:
Can the status Film Festival save Grlnnell?
pumps
USED
Chairs
Wilcox-oakland
Furniture
Broad St.
 
nirvana’s Folk Tales, Chapter 5
Once upon a time some programs shot some surveys and shared their least
with some Indians. However. there was a presenting Italian among them, He
didn't like turkey. corn wedding, or cranberries. He missed a good Pizza horn
Italia. and refused to give thanks for anything else. There were, in the colony.
some moderator, who wanted both turkey and pine.
And that is why Ahrvoino’s Pizza
will be open this
Thanksgiving Dory
from 6 to 12
Friday, November 2|. m9
Jim. ﬁmath ﬂout
by Henry Scheff
The senate Tuesday night
e n d o r s e d the following
resolution presented by the
Steering Committee for the
Student Position Paper:
“Toward the end of greatly
expanded participation in the
governance of Grinnell College,
we students submit the
following guidelines:
1) Academic policy should be
determined by the faculty and
the students equally. Personnel
matters should be left to the
faculty.
2) Social rules and their
enforcement should be peter
mixed by a body having a
student majority,
3) Community service policies
d i r e ct l y selecting students
should be opened to expanded
student participation.
4) Counseling services should
be determined with fifty percent student representation.”
This resolution was submitted to the student body in
a references today. The resolution is intended to serve
as a basic gardening for the
Steering Committee in its
discussion with the faculty. In
another resolution the Senate
recommended that the Steering
Committee replace the 5
student members presently on
the Student—Faculty
Organization Committw,
changed by Mr. tests. The
senate felt that this was ap
programme since the Steering
Committee is made up of the
elected representatives of the
Student Position Paper.
in other action an election
board consisting of senators
Aldrich, Broadwell, Stranger,
and Thomas was appointed to
run the election to fill the balance in the senate when Lynn
Aldrich leaves the college at
the end of the semester. Also,
one position will be open on
the Campus Judicial Council.
Interested persons should see
the student coordinator or Jim
new.
A large amount of damage
in the calls is becoming a
major problem for SGA. The
present policy on assessing students for hall damage is that
persons responsible for the
damage will foot the bill, if they
can be identified. If not. the
hall will pay the bill, If the
hall refused to pay, the money
will come out of next year's
student government quick,
according to Dean dildo
Walker. As a determine to calls
:Sppris Illaﬂrated . Ntwsweeli
Brown’s Shoe Fit Go.
. ' On Main Sf.”
reducing to pay for damages,
the senate adopted a resolution
proposed by Andrew grill to the
effect that calls that have outstanding damage deals will be
eligible for initiative funds for
hall functions only with the apps
proven or the senate, and in
exceptional cases. calls with
large deals will find it very
difficult to get initiative funds
in the future,
Senators, House treatments,
and VicerPresidents are authorized to fine students 51 for
cutting SAGA lines. Names of
fixed students should be sub
fitted to the Student Auditor
so that he may bill the guilty
student. _
Social coordinator Jon klein
is looking for interested students to form a Coffee House
Committee to investigate the
possibility or putting the Forum
Coffeehouse to some use,
perhaps serving food and encouraging student entertaining
to perform there. if you are
interested see Jeri klein soon,
as he wants to get things set
up for next semester.
Finally, the senate had a 45minute debate on the "drinking
problem” here at Grinnell
(didn’t know we had one, did
you?) According to pic MacV
powell, the Administration and
certain staff are tonight about
students drinking in public,
such as occurred on that warm
fall day a couple of weeks ago
on central campus. The consensus of the senate was that this
is covered by state law, and
the students should be responsible for their acts, A ruling on
this, it was felt, would just be
another rule in logo parental (or
“in parental logo," as Steve
Schwartz put it). I hereby take
it upon myself to inform the
student body that drinking is
a none because it is against
the law. Thus, when you drink
in public, I urge you not to
get caught by police or unfriendly administrators! If you
think this is northwest advice,
talk to our illustrated Assistant
Student Coordinator Steve SchWartz.
canadian Exhibit
“Recent Prints: Canada," an
Exhibition of 47 works by
Canadian printers and scale
toys, opens Saturday (Nov. 22)
at the Scheafter Gallery in
Grinnell’s Fine Arts Center.
The exhibition, which continues through Dec. 18. was
organized by the Museum of
Modern Art in New York City
in 1967 in honor of the Canadian
Centennial.
“This highly selective survey
suggests the vitamins, excitement, and variety of Canadian
art today,” said William S.
Lieberman, director of the
Museum of Modern Art’s
Department of Drawings and
Prints, who selected the works
with Riva gentleman, assistant
creator for prints,
Due to Thanksgiving, next
week’s 5&8 will be published on Saturday, November
29.
 
Friday, November 2|, I969
SCARLET AN D BLACK
logo Three
 
EDITORIAL 7
sensors»
What you are reading may not be what I am
writing. You see, if I use certain words that the man
who owns the printing press dress’t like, he’ll cut
them out before you even have a chance to read
them and decide for yourself whether or not they’re
appropriate.
That’s what happened last week. The man who
owns the printing press didn’t like a certain Word
in my editorial, so he simply deleted it before the
S&B went to press. He didn‘t even bother to phone
me about it; he just cut it out,
The editorial you saw last week said “Stop the
War.” But the one I originally wrote included a
word describing the War. It was a seven-letter word
that themes with “fucking.” The man who owns
the printing press didn’t like that word.
The man who owns the printing press is E. K.
Shaw. E. K. Shaw is the publisher of the Newton
Daily News, the company that prints the S&B. E. K.
Shaw is also the sensor of the 5&8 ~ the man who
decided what you will be allowed to read.
I went to see E. K. Shaw yesterday to find out
why he cut out that certain word. E. K. Shaw explained, ”That word is dirty." (E. K. Shaw carefully decided using ”that word” throughout our
conversation.)
I asked E. K. Shaw if he believes in freedom of
the press and freedom of expression. He replied,
“Yes, but I’m not going to print filter words in my
shop."
I wash‘t quite satisfied with E, K. Shaw’s explanation, so I gave it one last using and country asked him, “What is dirty about ‘that word‘?”
E . K. Shaw turned red and sponsored, “Maybe holiday when you're older you’ll understand
why that word is dirty."
I decided at that point that I didn’t want to talk
to E. K. Shaw any longer, so I left. I’m already a
day older, but I still don’t understand why ”that
word" is dirty. Maybe I’ll have to reach E. K.
Shaw’s age before I understand,
I do think I’m old enough to understand that
E. K. Shaw is part of a system that denied true freedom of the press to those who don’t own one. I am
also old enough to understand that E. K. Shaw is
part of a system that is. totally vocational in its reaction to what it calls “obscenity,” I am old enough
to understand that E. K. Shaw is part of a system
that is interesting Pterodactyl and underground
papers throughout the nation, and I’m old enough
to understand that that system kills off the penny
prices and will do its largest to stuff out anybody
who strongly presents from it.
I suppose E. K. Shaw will never understand
some of the things I do about the system of which
e is a part. I just hope that E. K. Shaw is young
enough that he’ll still be around to watch his system
trouble.
 
DR. DUANE L. TOWN
The charles & Black
Student Newspaper of
Grinnell. College.
Grinnell. iowa
m... An Independent
51“ ”Mg newspaper f u is.
e . listed weak y, ex3 a cap! during hon.
P Na days and examining 56E Hon periods, by
0mm the printer] Com.
little on Student
publications. Subscription rate
soon per school year.
Edlmr "Helmet 1. Brandon
associate Editor non' Thnmls
Business manager Lynn Adm!
mom Editor nikon Sﬂluﬂ
com pnoiogn Ron klein-mom
rpm’ls Editor ,, . Steve wars
circulation danger .. Kay jackson
Reporters pda Gudemn.
link Sablcmnn, Moﬂy mon-are,
John partner. Mark Gueser.
Henry Scheﬂ, Jon klein
rnniognpneis . _,, mhz Snyder,
Dave Llndblorn
 
OPTOMETRIST .—
PHDNE 236-4002
Oﬂiso Helm: 9 0012.! to 5
Closed Thursday and
Saturday Alt-moon:
CONTACT LENSES
719 5». Ave.
BR’YAN'S
Shoe Service
msum‘an
SNQWBODTS
DORMS
ARE GOLD!
“Snuggle Up” in
some new channel
PJ.’s
I) long towns
2) long roses
3) baby dolls
4) night ships
5) jump suits
ALL in bold checks or
medicine flowers
BANG'S
APPAREL
9" “possible
lamb -5lc‘m com'i'
Toomsn/ A WITHDRAWAL
AT THIS TIME COULD RESULT
w TURNING VIETNAM
lNTOA »
BLOOD BATH! ‘
Just Added
To Our
Retail Store
75 NEW COATS
1969 Styles
Sizes 36-50
All New Corduroy 34 in. file Lined —
Close Out . . . $15.00
All New guide & claim Wool Combination
31 in. Dress Jacket. Sizes 36-50. New $20.00
Men‘s New hilton-file Lined printed
Sleeve dining. While They Last . . ”8.00
Jacket and above Sales
716 - 4th Ave.
Grinnell. Iowa
 
1|MUSIC MAKES GOOD GiFTS
ll-EEPEREE
 
Page Four
Perspective
By Tom Thomas
It’s Washington and every
body is getting their heads together. matching together.
changing together, talking together. It’s the politics of the
bookstore Nation and it started before you ever got to DC
Every rest stop on the tumpikes, from Wednesday on,
was a movement center. Quick
:observations as people stretch—
ed their legs after long drives.
Born a cigarette and trade an
underground newspaper. The
highways are filled with
breaks in painted-up VW buses.
Nobody believes the numbers
of other people that are nov7
ing with them.
Things start Thursday with
the March Against Death.
Across the river in Arlington,
people are training in carefully times buses coming from
the five civilization reception
centers. Shortly alter windows,
the march gets underway.
thumb, thumb, thumb, rolling,
it‘s like Kennedy’s funeral, a
comparison that no doubt is in
the minds of many partners.
The first partners are a
careful mixture of types, our
viruses chosen for the image
the civilization Committee
(Mobe) wants to project. The
march is led by an old societies stereotype and a young
war width. Following them
come nipples, an elderly
couple, a business executive, a
whole family, two needs, a
couple of guys that look like
they just got back from the
McCarthy campaign. and then
some more breaks. Most are
carrying candles.
Mobe marshall are everywhere. Carefully trained, even
though some had begun to
learn only the day before, they
quickly directed the partners
and sometimes traffic, talked
easily with police officers, and
seemed very much in control
of the sitUation. The march
stopped at each red light, and
in many instances, the police
let the marshall direct the
traffic.
As the march moved through
the night, very few onlookers
or copy seemed to be around.
Then we turned toward
Pennsylvania Avenue, matching virtually next door to the
White House, The seven drums
founded like a thousand as the
science echoed off marble office buildings. The copy are
now wearing white holmes,
the drums get longer, and ev<
anybody’s adrenalin flows a
little more shortly as we get
near tricks Dick’s big white
house (even though everybody
knows he‘s not in).
We reach the main gate and
partners call out the name of
a spain 6.1. Some are deviant,
others column, some have
tears in their eyes. Many of
these first partners are calling the name of someone close,
a husband, a son, a brother:
others Carry a players and call
the name of a man they have
never known.
alien lights place as the television cameras which. Over
thirty microphones record the
names of the war dead. And
in the not too distant background, a police intelligence
photographer stars the picture of every single matches.
The march moves on and the
Capitol, the final goal, comes
into view. As partners realize
that it will be a while before
‘anything new happens, the
cold seems a little more apparent, the winds a little more
brick. The line is now growing, however, as onlookers join
in the profession.
Meanwhile, battery dressed
agents in unmarked Cars care—
fully watch the processors. One
agent, in his car, goes over
page alter page of youthful
face shots; another agent
stands under a street lamp and
scrutinizes each face as the
partners pass.
As the march reaches paper
top Hill. the route goes up the
Hill to within about fifty yards
of the Capitol building, then
across, and back down to the
choosing status of General
Grant which stands at the foot
of the Hill. In front of the
status stand twelve empty
“collins." Behind ﬂle collins
stand the drummers, never
stopping the funeral science.
The partners file quickly by,
decorating in the collins the
players described with the
name of the soldier they represent. marshall direct the
partners to waiting buses
which will return them to
their original “centers."
For thirty—six hours the
march will continue, finally
concerning on Saturday morning. it will rain and get folder,
but the march will go on. As
1 leave the Grant status, I can
see a constant stream of
partners across Capitol Hill.
Looking d o w n Pennsylvania
Ave., me line goes as far as I
can see. The Mobe has created
an impressed scenario
The March Against Death
was beautifully programmes
for media presented'on. Bell
rolling as the march starts, out
to shot of long line of partners, then a dramatic sequence
as partners call out names,
keep the drums on the sound—
track all the time. Conclude
with nightlife sequence of
SCARLET AND BLACK
candlerholding partners place
ing names in the collins. Beau
awful. Also the impact of every hourly news report on the
”protest activities" concerning
with a column, reporter incoming “and the March Against
Death continues."
The march seemed to have
a very symbolic function for
those who participated —— sort
of a masochistic verification.
Two and a half hours, four
and a half miles. People are
not just getting together for
a "g r o o v y demonstration.”
They are column, serious. The
March Against Death sets the
tone. It’s passive, force coming from the numbers, 46,000
matching the route, and the
continuity. night and day and
night and the sun risks and
the march continues, It is a
sacrifice, .a symbolic act of
committed youth, hanging
black contains on a stage the
world is watching.
On Friday a large group assembled near the Justice Department for a rally in opposition to the Conspiracy 8 trial
in Chicago. About 1,000 people
heard Frank Joyce of the Con
privacy staff explain “we’re
not concerned about the legal»
items of this trial, we Want the
trial stopped. Everything that
either did in Germany in the
1930‘s was legal.”
Dr. Benjamin stock told the
Crowd. “I think it is disgraceful that the Attorney General
would procedure these brave
young men under the law (of
conspiracy).”
It was then announced that
the group would set up a pocket line around three sides of
the Justice Department, located
just a short distance from the
rally site, and that a small
delegation, headed by stock,
would try to get in to see Attorney General John Mitchell.
changing “Stop the Trial" and
”Free Bobby deals," the demonstration matched around the
building, then gathered at a atlantic door as stock sought an
appointment in main. Deputy Attorney General Jack L a n d a it
told stock the staff was “too
busy with other frequencies”
to see him. Army troops were
visible inside the building, mentioned in a granny boulevard.
it was the first time troops
had been in the Justice Department since World War II.
stock told the crowd to move
back to the park for a final
speech after which the crowd
would disagree. weight Mac-Donald spoke briefly, charming
that Judge Julius coleman, who
is president in the conspiracy
case, is holding “what you
might call alfred form trial.“
“l-his conduct has equipped this
law of any density and personality it might have ever had,”
he added.
MacDonald then announced
that he, stock, and others would
return to the Justice Depnrlr
ment to try to arrange an appointment with Mitchell and [0
turn in draft cards that had
been collected at a rally lil
Philadelphia, The crowd, at
least part of it, followed. Mobe
marshall, various to avoid a
configuration, tried to clear the
area. One martial, using a
police bullllorn, tried to para
guide the crowd to leave.
SDS organizing moved
through the crowd accounting
a march on the Saigon Embassy later that night. “We're
going to replace that embassy
for the true people of Vietnam,
the traditional Revolutionary
Government,” shorter one
man, having a diet long flag.
selected police cleared the
streets and lined the sidewalks.
MacDonald told the crowd that
“this is what simon wants——a
configuration.” After a b o u t
thirty minutes the crowd dis
person. A New York Weather—
man leader, fist launched, said,
“See you all at the Saigon
embassy,"
The st rally. in support oi
the traditional Revolutionary
Government (PRG), was sche—
ruled to begin at 8:30 all Dupont Circle, a traditional “hang
out” for Washington’s “hip community,” By 0:15 about 2,000
people were gathered in the cirr
Cle — Weathermen with their
white sellers now painted
black, Crazies, RYM-ll passing
out learners, Youth Against War
and calcium with their beautia
fully centered banners, red
flags, NLF flags, inside down
American flags, nipple! flags,
and even a Washington, DC.
flag.
Despite p u b l i c statements
that the action would be “consistent," everyone there was
aware that configuration would
not be long in coming. Many
more sellers and many others
had gas tasks.
charges at Dupont Circle
The temperature was near
greeting and the winds were
brick. Nobody wanted to stay
in the Circle long and nobody
needed to be told why they
were there, At 8:40 everybody
moved out of Dupont Circle
and down Massachusetts Avenue toward the Saigon embassy.
About l00 yards from the
embassy was a solid line of the
Washington police Civil Disorders Unit wearing sellers and
gas tasks. The loud him ol
tear gas generators brunei be—
find the line.
After a brief stand-off,
bottles began to fly from the
crowd, flashing around the po-
Friday. November 2|, [V69
like line. At that point the police released the tear gas and
the crowd requested back MasA
sachusetts Ave. The Crowd ice
dropped at a traffic triangle at
22nd. Q Street, and pasta»
cassette Ave; the police line
moved to about a half block
away The demonstration
survey toward the police line,
led by the Weathermen, and
more tear gas was released.
The crowd scattered in the
open area of the triangle, then
moved back toward Dupont
Circle.
A police motorcycle. marked
on a corner, was started and
set fire. A police Van which
drove through the crowd was
posted with rocks and bottles.
By 9:30 we were all together
again in the Circle. Police arrived and launched tear gas
into the Circle this time using
bazookarlike d e v i c e S. The
crowd is together this time.
People keep cool, urge others
not to run, and treat those who
have been passed. A nearby
hotel and a church become
medical centers as people
Wash the burning gas from
their eyes and faces.
The Wind is on the side of
the people. The gas is quickly
brown out of the Circle and
the diet long flags move back
to the center.
Before the evening is over
police Will gas the Circle at
least a dozen times. Although
nearly everyone gets passed at
least once, people won't leave.
There are occasional forums
down business streets and windows are started — effectively. The signs National Bank
has every window started. A
flower shop is announced. PoA
like cars have their sides
saved in; posters-by are informed.
People are learning how to
work together. How to function
without leaders. It is all help
your brother and he‘ll help
you, keep cool and you won’t
get hurt. Let them throw the
gas and then move right back.
military resistance.
The police finally leave
around midnight. The radicals
an hour later, sailing with
chattering teeth.
Most people have probably
already read quite a bit about
the Saturday march so I won’t
shell on it for long. The mass»
ing on the Mall was chaos.
Flags were having, people
were changing and hanging out
learners, others were having rev
unions from earlier peace
matches. It sort of had the atmosphere at a peace party.
McCarthy spoke and people
shorter Peace Now. The
march finally got under way
and slowly wound its way
down Pennsylvania Ave It
was cold but people were
happy, passing around per»
nuts and sandwiches.
By 2:03 the grounds at the
Washington document were
covered with more than 400,000
people. There were so many
that all of them coupon’t even
walk the march route. The
speeches were mostly historic,
a real drag, although some of
the music was great. It was
definitely cultural politics.
At about 4:15 the ”radical
springer group,” 10,000 stainless, moved out to march to
the department of insurance to
protest the conspiracy trial
 
Friday. November 2i. I96?
and to demand freedom for
political prisoners. We march-
ed down Constitution Avenue
(dig it?) to the “domestic
pentagon" and circles the
building once. People were
supposed to be changing “1.2,
Stop the Trial, etc." but it
was coming out “Ho, Ho, Ho Chi
Minh" and “Off the Pig.”
The crowd eventually gathered around the south entrance
to the building, started a few
’of the first floor windows, re
placed the American flag with
an NLF banner and shorter
for Attorney General Mitchell,
watching from the fifth floor. to
jump.
other a back and north stand
“No down-z VOICES have been
raised more lovely in criticism ot
Swollen Pentagon Budgets than
those 01 Jacob habits and Charles
Goodall, Then came the news that
military expenditures would be
printed by fascinating 3047 017.
lolita basesﬁamong them half a
dozen located in New York. And
no Senate voices were raised more
lovely in criticism or lrrespon.
bible Pentagon for a has copy or
Cutbaoka than NATIONAL net
i . . you blessed VIEW, write: Dept.
,1," w, iso r. as street,
N. r, tools, \
ARE coupons sEr
off with the CDU copy, a massive tear gas garbage broke
loose. The gas was everywhere. ln front of us. behind
us. on top of us. This was the
new, improved ”pepper top"
which stops you from breasts
ing. People scattered but kept
their cool. Most people record
crew quickly and moved into
the streets. The remainder of
the evening was filled with
scattered listings and window
standings as people moved
thorough the city. most on their
way home.
All in all, Washington did
not accomplish much. The war
continues and people are on
handling the Moratorium for
December, But people got to
gather, learned to work together. After the march was
over, one leader Claimed it to
be the conclusion of years of
work.
I would maintain that though
Washington indeed may have
been a conclusion, it was also
a beginning — for Washington
pointed to the need for a new
level of struggle in America.
“simon and renew better start
sharon’, today’s pig is tomorrow’s bacon.“
Ls SPOILED 7 AEISOLUTELY!
Mget loves the look of her-
lies in the snow. The result? A click knit red
shirt fucked into a white wrap skirt switched
in red . . . just the thing for the holly season!
counter's
4th Ave. Fashion
SCARLET AND BLACK
pick larger (left) and Keith Richard oi the
Rolling Stones during their Chicago concert
Page Five
last weekend. The group is currently on tour
in the U.S. (Photo by Dave Lindblm'n)
Mineral matter: The Rolling Stones
By L.
50 we all went to Chicago to
see the Rolling Stones, even
though it was at the International Amphitheatre, and I guess we
all got what we expected—larger running around and sharing
his thing, a lot of songs we’d
heard before and some we
hadn’t, a good but not great,
and exciting but not earthshaking show. And it was worth it to
have been there, even more
than a concert; like all major
rock performances, it was the
charisma of the group, like
Cream and generic and Blind
Faith, but like billy the Stones
can really put out now, and like
only the Stories ever could.
Because they are and always
will be the super group. The
Beatles have art, the Stones depend more on edition. but music seems about the best description, no prevention, just
sound and feeling. It's these
things, my emotional reactions,
which still make me say that
the Stones are the greatest
rock group in the world, the
only ones in their class, even if
there are people I’d rather listen to on records and some I'd
rather see live. But I had to see
the Stones, we all did, and we
came away feeling not much
better but in some way furnished,
or at least believed that they’re
still there.
basically, i can’t judge the
angels mysterious
NOW FROM
Chandlebaum’s
(Fine seats Since I756)
Baumhurgers
and
Ohebaumhurgers
to go with our regular
menu of safari: summer
massage, and ham.
Pop and tickets, too.
CALL 5-3014
Stones because my reaction to
them is so emotional, They did
songs that I liked and played
them well. The songs from their
new album were impressive, especially the slow and pretty
“Love in main” and the long
and francis “Midnight earlier," both in the same great
style, always improving, that
they’ve had from the beginning.
They seem to have matched
just a bit, a little less pussy,
but not too much, sort of the
way a lot of us have changed.
But larger, for all his sex
games, lets us know that they're
with us, not just on our side, but
friends we can depend on. He
projects more warmth than I
could imagine. And if his voice
seemed more obtained and less
strong than I remembered, he
hash’t done a whirlwind tour
of one-fighters for a long time.
pick Taylor hash‘t yet replaced
Brian in our hearts, but he's a
fine guitar player, as is Keith
(Who did two acoustic sales
with larger singing ”tropical
Son“ and one other)
of the two prefix acts, Terry
Reid didn’t interest me a lot,
but Chuck Berry, the master.
brought the house shooting and
dancing to their feet. Playing
with three white breaks backing
him and standing just like his
old Chess studio group, he took
us back ten or fifteen years to
the days of our youth. He
played updated but identical
standing versions of many of his
his, and generally worked everybody out. And when the
Stones did “Oh Carol” you could
see how much larger ones to
Berry. in music as well as emotional appeal to the audience
and, maybe most totally, life
style. Chuck was getting posted
inn sex and done things when
pick and all of us were just
kids, And the Stones coupon’t
get much earthier typically
then Berry did in a long, fantastic version of “berlin’ and
Rockin.’ ” The Stones, however,
live in a different world, a
white jet set world where men
ey inn’t a problem and their
public players out if they get
arrested,
But the world has changed
since 1966 (their last American tour) and so have the
Stones. Where was your head
in was? chairs, like many of
ours, were on-and books
and starting to be on done, and
they still are, but now there's
the replication that somebody’s
going to have to fight back or
we can’t have all that good
-we want. So we have
larger singing “Street Fighting
Man" like he means it, as much
as he means “Under My
Thumb" and “Satisfaction."
And the response is not from
streaming little girls and boys
but grown men and women,
launched lists in the air, selling
not only words of education but
“All Power to the People."
(Even the Airplane songs about
Revolution Now! and get kids
in Iowa City to break police
lines.) True, those in Chicago
didn’t all read the Weatherman
learners, and when the show was
over they all took to the streets
and went home, not to small
windows. But they sat in the
Amphitheatre where the Democratic pics had held their death
rally, and looked What little
done they had, opened. and you
know that somewhere in the
reading passes of breaks there
was some hope that we can get
our heads together before the
Nixons and Agnews and corners and Lows can bring the
ages dawn on our needs.
Senator however
Speaks Here Monday
State Senator brunette however, Democratic National
Committeewoman, who was
active in the reapportionment
campaign and leader of the
unsuccessful campaign in the
General Assembly to reform
Iowa’s abortion laws, will be
on campus Monday as the
guest of the Grinnell Women’s
generation Movement. Senator
however will lead an informal
discussion at 4 pm. in the
South Lounge and will speak
normally there at 7:30,
 
rage so
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November 2i. IVA?
 
} State of the College
font. from Page 1
action which must according it. But the
Executive Council of the Faculty and
the Academic Standing Committee are
showing signs ol vigorous effectiveness
and l intend to encourage them.
Superior Education
I spoke of superior teachers, superior
students, and superior education, as
though the word “superior" was an absolute. It is not, of course; but what I
mean by a superior teacher is someone
who believes that his discipline provides
a vehicle for education both himself and
his students, who continues to empire to
know more than he does now, who believes that students are worth his best
preparation, who has a sense of obligation to his status as a professional man,
who has a realized or developing commitment to this kind of institution, and
who has an ability to reflect all these
characteristics to his students so that,
though they may not like him personally,
they take him seriously and believe in
him as a practitioner of the discipline he
represents. Whether he writes articles
and books is somewhat bride the point.
a matter of personal drive and taste;
whether he reads to enrich himself and
thus the dimension of his preparation is
not. His views about society are also be
side the point, thus provided he does not
substitute them for the practice of his
discipline. On this matter I do not wish
to be misunderstood, N0 instructor in
times like these can escape responding
with a personal point of view to the consumer idealism or honest confusion of
his students with what is happening in
the world. That response, which comes
by way of illustration and personal comment, cannon be nearly separated from
his subject matter in class discussion or
lectures or conferences. It is the nature
of Grinnell teachers and students to articulate their social conferences, to make
themselves relevant to their age. But a
Grinnell teacher is, ﬁrss of all a prices
signal, a teacher in a discipline, not a
full time singer of a social gospel, and
in the consideration of his own integrity,
he needs to face these hard facts.
What I mean by a superior student is
someone whose high school record indicates that he is a competent learned,
who brings enough energy and poverty
to the job of learning to be educated, and
who can accept the corporations and liabilities involved in the student-teacher relationship without getting the emotional
bands and trying out that the college is
creek or thoughtless. I do not wish to say
that student complaints are always
wrong. i have no doubt that there is
some damnably full teaching going on
in this place; that students are sometimes getting short-changed by overly
casual preparation on the part of teacha
era, or by a teacher’s liability to respond with any excitement to the real
richards of his subject matter, or by his
failure to connect it with some meaning
to other disciplines so that his students
get at least a first climate at what “no
oral studies" are really all about. I am
also aware that some courses remain in
the schedule simply because they appeal
to cataloguing instances. when students
apply the word “irrelevant” to these
sorts of diseases, we ought to listen to
their complaints seriously. But if a student means by “irrelevant” some notion that a course ought primarily to
make him tell right about his feelings,
then I don’t even know how to talk With
him, except to say, with honest narrow,
that the question is really not whether
the college is relevant to him but whether he is relevant to the college.
Well Trained and Committed
The question of what is meant by a
superior education in an undergraduate
institution like this one is answered chief—
ly by bringing superior teachers and
students together and letting them have
a go at one another. chipﬂy, but not
solely. particular management does
have a part to play, provided it tests on
two assumptions: first, on the nature of
faculty conference available; and, second, on a system to control the memo
emotional phases of individual disciplines.
The first assumption is probably obvious, though I can give you a few in
stanley from our newer ventures and
changed Circumstances. Urban Studies
and Religious Studies appear to be going
concerns because they are competition
stuffed. Our Comparative Literature Program seems to me to offer great promise because we happen to have on hand
a group of well-trained and committed
young men pages to try their hand at it.
If our Department of Russian Language
and Literature is successful, it will be
because Mr. Whelan and Mr. 'pages,
with some natural assistance from Mr.
Guroff and Mr. Kulawiec, make it so.
We cannon order any of these good things
to be done, nor can we create them
simply by drawing up hardcore curriculum chargers. We have to have the
horses first, or at least simultaneously,
and then we can provide the administrative and moral entertainment to make
them go.
Accountability
My second assumption, that of con
drilling the preprolessional phases oi
individual disciplines, is more complicated. There is something to be said
for not controlling it. For one thing,
an individual discipline which does not
consist of people with strong professional
pride and energy is not worth much to
begin with. For another, the liberal arts
general education concept has always
been in trouble with those of its practitioners who in trailer to teach everything end up teaching nothing. For still
another, graduate school societies, in
suite of the public wrestling of their means
to the contrary, still like to see strong
pre-professional courses of study in the
transcripts of their baccalaureate apply—
wants. A college such as this one, with a
strongly professionally oriented faculty
and a substantial number of students
bound for graduate or professional school
might survive a long time by simply
turning the decisions for educational policy over to individual departments. The
result would be a narrow but quite
likely, in such terms, a superior educa
tion. But such a definition of "superior"
is not the double virtual, at least potentially, of both generation and specialist; and this means that a system of
checksrand-balanced to keep matters in
equilibrium has to be allowed to funds
tion. This system functions here in the
recommendations of the additional educational policy committees, in the care
fun considerations of the Executive
Council about both personnel appointments and course changes, and in the
total faculty discussion and debate about
graduation requirements. This total faculty review, though sometimes wearir
some, is perhaps the most crucial element in the system. It tests on my conviction, which is sometimes shared but
never wholly displayed, that the wisdom
of the total faculty in educational mats
term affecting the basic direction of the
College is founder than that of an individual department or divided. It seems
to me that the harley amendment to the
Executive Council’s motion to english
the comprehensive examination require
ment is a Case in point. Individual disciplines know, or ought to know, how to
device the most effective ways to examine their students, But they ought to
be required to justify the pedagogy of
these devices to representatives of the
whole college. This kind of accountability
gives the College the opportunity to
keep its educational policy decisions in
equilibrium. For even if that equilibrium
is fretful and constantly applicable, we
can always have at hand the ways and
means to readjust it.
A good many questions are implied in
my remarks, and knowing this faculty
and student body, I do not doubt that
questions will be raised. And so they
should be. Whatever changes in detail or
possibilities may be wise or necessary
at its edges, my central position is that
our concern for professionalism in our
teachers, for academic orientation in our
students, and for purpose and control
in our educational policy has to represent our first priority and obligation
and has to have first call on our emerging.
Emotional Climate
Our second priority and call on our
emerging must go to improving the emotional climate of this environment. In so
far as the climate is a result ol physical improving its, I think we are
better off than we were. The residence
calls are more comfortable, the removal
tion of ARI-l is progressive ahead of
schedule, the removal of the old combination service-and-heating plant has improved the landscape, Other improve»
meets are on their way, though one has
to discount the fact that half-finished
improvements often look worse than no
improvements at all. By September 1 of
next year we hope to have a recovered
bookstore, and hopefully some signsﬁcant improvements in landscaping on
the central campus. You are aware by
this time, and perhaps even caused,
by my iinickiness about the physical
looks of the place. Though some of this
iiniclnness is just plain psypchopathic
tidincss, most of it comes from my
belief that education has a better chance
in pleasant and attractive surroundings.
in so far as the emotional climate is
the result of the way people act and became toward one another. we are better
on in some ways and worse oil in others. The change in the pattern of residence hall living and the accommodation
of the resident advisory system represent, it seems to me, quite promising
improvements, at least when I compare
the present situation with the one that
existed previously. But the improvements
are only promising, not fully realized, or
even really tested, and we need to device some of our emerging to working
with resident advisors and appropriate
student groups on systematic appraisals
of what is Working and what inn’t and
why. In all these appraisals of the residence hall system, and indeed in all Of
the faculty‘s appraisals and reappraisills of the way students live and became
on this campus, you need to be aware
of two things, First, the faculty has not
only the right but the obligation to concern itself with the out—of—class life of
students, because the quality of that life
has a direct bearing on the academic
movement of this institution. Second,
the student means, Mrs. Low and Mr,
combo, have a right to know how you
are managing your concern, which
means you ought to talk with them- before assuming they are wrong or his
guided or il‘ informed. They may be,
as all administrators are at times; but
it is sometimes the peculiar quality of
this faculty to compound college proc
less by discussing them with everyone
first but the faculty committee chair
man and the administrators concerned.
The result frustrates answers and solutions by filing them over with helps of
rumors, second glasses, and confused
half-trucks.
Liberal Campus
That was a somewhat ill-hundred remark, which you will either understand
completely or not at all, but it is not
truly a depression. In a small way it
gifts the edge on one of the major
problems regarding the emotional climate on this campus. This problem, to
oversimplify it, is how we can manage
on this campus to protect faculty and
student criticism and distant and at the
same time to prevent religious business
and configurations. To say it another
way, l think we may well be racing the
task of defining the line between what
we, as a community of faculty and students, want to protect as the essential
quality of a free and open campus and
what we cannon, as the same community,
moderate or accommodate without giving
the place away. i do not want to be
an playlist about this matter. From
many points of view, criticism and distant at Grinnell, whether directed at
the College or at the society outside,
have been managed with construction
idealism and civilized style. The efforts
of the Black Students and the Moro-
sodium group are two recent cases in
point. From some other points of view,
criticism and distant at Grinnell, what
ever the motivation, have ranked from
the illrmannercd exhibitionist to the discipline. So far this faculty, the means
and I, as well as most of the student
body, have been very accommodation. it
is the nature of most members of a coin
luggage community to be patient, calmly
persuasive, perhaps even exclusively relevant. These qualities are reinforced by
the Grinnell tradition, which believes
that a liberal campus and a generally
permission attitude, provide the best
kind oi environment for developing the
proper combination oi toughmindedness
and sensitivuy in its undergraduates. I
do not want this situation to change, so
that we end up with either a tyranny
of the majority or a tyranny of the mic
nudity.
The guidelines necessary to define
the destinations between an Open liberal
campus and o disorderly one are very
difficult to associate. But I am aware
that it is the president’s job to do it
and a few weeks ago I read to this
faculty a draft of my thoughts on this
matter and then discussed them with the
Faculty Executive Council, which re
sponsor favorites. But I am also aware
that such an association of guidelines
has to be presented and has to argue itself so persuasively that faculty and
students, or at least the greatest number
of them. will see the association as
obviously possible and timely. The
statement in question is now being re
video and will be forthcoming shortly.
In the dealtime, you can be reminder
that almost no policy position of a president in a iacultyoriented institution
like this one will have its intended effect on the community unless you stand
by it. in a very real sense, not only
the academic direction but also the act
comic and non-academic order of this
College tests in both your hands and
mine. The way by which we work together, talk over our differences nationally, and above all, discharge our teaching and other professional obligations is
the basic style that supports or weekend the whole character of this Col
legs. With students as sensitive and intelligent as ours, our real if unexpressed
commitment is transparently clear and
immediately becomes our basic instructional process. Over the last generation
the exercise of our commitment has
been managed in such a style, and
with such a clear recognition of our own
accountability, that the trustees have
generated through and with the press—
sent of the College the real internal
governance of this institution. That delegation is a conscious act of faith. not a
legal or fixed absolute, and we must
continue to earn it.
Faculty and President Acting Together
I suspect I‘ve said enough. at least for
this meeting, but I do want to tell you
that I intend to make much more frequent reports and statements to this far
multi than I have in the past. Given the
treasures of the time we clearly need
now more centers of reference and focal
points for discussion. My remarks on the
emotional climate of our environment
are clearly incomplete. There is much
more to be carefully thought out and
said about this matter. One aspect of it,
for instance rooms on the immediate
horizon. This is the forthcoming position
paper of the students on college someone
since. It will require our immediate attention. for I am sure that you agree
with me that We Should not let things
go by default or should play the friendly game of psuedo-negotiation without
first taking a good hard look at what is
clear and what inn’t, what makes sense
and what dress’t, what is portable and
what inn't, and what is negotiable and
what inn‘t. I do not mean to prejudge
what has not yet been officially presented. I mean only that we are going to
face that position paper and resolve
our response to it in concert, behavior in
brief as both students on the one hand,
and trustees on the other hand, expect
us to: that is, usa faculty and-president
acting together,
 
Friday. November 2]. 1969
I’enieul
“wave Finn nuAurv
15% OFF
On
All Men’s and
Women’s Jackets
THIS WEEKEND
Big Savings A!
PENNEY'S
Step Up To
SCARCET AND BLACK
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Exo mixed
FOR TYPING in my home —
Opportunities
call 23$4407.
WANTED: Business Manager
for the sen for 2nd semester: This can be a 2»credit in.
dependent. Salary. Present
Business Manager will tell all
she knows. introduce you to
all her advertisers! Talk to
Lynn Adams if you have
questions. Written appliczs
tions should he made to Committee on Student Publications, Mr. cleaner, chairman.
immediately if not corner.
ca. eric
measures?
Q hm
golirsell3 wi‘l'li
Phone 236-3979
E. J. lenses, 0.0.
OPTOMETRIST
Across from Post Office
Closed Thunl PM.
and Sat. PlM.
EDITOR 0)? the 5&3 is open
for second semester. $250
Salary. Apply to Prof, Charles
'located immediately. For in.
formation a Mike Brandon.
created
Handmade Candles——
All Shapes, Sizes and Colors.
Call arena
6-6971
G0 On!
db
JD'S RESTAURANT
921V: Main
CALL BO
TEXACO
236-1205
 
Men. - 5st. 5 to lo p.rn.
Sunday—Noon to ID sun.
 
BOOTS, BOOTS.
BOOTS!
~Justin and Texas
bootsJoo
@
m
(E
(FIND YOURSELF. . .
Call
800—325—2594
TOLL FREE
Here‘s a man‘s boot
every step of the way!
logged, hardcore,
ready for a rough day’s
work anytime. Easy on
the feet, too. Stop by—
try on decor by Red
Wing and be convinced!
El
Arnold’s Shoe
Inc.
lr you’d rather "switch than fight it", come to a
118-year-old college that's' NEW.I
It was a girls' school . . . now we're something
men too. (Our male-female ratio is better regardless of how you look at it!) Our new curriculum
emphasizes individual study and career preparation. We look new! By semester's end, we'll
even have a new name.
g
E
OW
‘6
W .
0% .
E;
E
69
(0‘51
‘71
8
[La
MEDMEnL‘ZlAIEE seen?
Our college is right in the middle of the action
in College Town USA. Columbia, Missouri.
You can even arrange a course of study that
includes work at Missouri University and
Stephens College. That’s three schools in are.
 
DANISH MAID BAKERY
The Finest In salaries
II you’re ready for a new’ outlook . . . call Bill plain,
Director DIAdmiss/"ons’can/act today. , , 800-325-2594 For NonRasidenls of Missouri. . . 314-449-0531 For missouri Resi-
cents...midnight cal/sic 314-442-1903 or write
CHRISTIAN COLLEGE, Columbia. Missouri 65201
For an application and literature.
Usual and Unusual
8I8 FOURTH AVENUE
 
When you fix up your room —
hamburg Building Center ‘
 
Page Eiehi
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday. November 2i. I969
Women's registration: An Anti-Declaration
(Robert Finley, resident advisor for East and west harris calls, is unmarried He
wrote the following article in
response to Sally Moore’s article in last week’s 5&3 enter-
led “Women’s generation: A Declaration.)
By Robert Finley
elderly without january, in a
lemon grove in Southern
California, the digest and most
ancient sage of China, sao Tzu,
was recently reincarnated as a
warrant farm - labeled. l-pitch.
hiking across the country to
Washington, last week he stop»
per at Grinnell for a look at
the state of the ”small liberalarts college” Knowing his
espousal of wilderness and non
resistance as the true way of
life, you can imagine his
reaction on reading in the 5&3
the district entitled, “Women’s
generation: A Declaration." His
legendary imperturbability was
brown, and he was moved to
speech. ”Is this the famous
American woman?” he tried.
Such weather was unimportant
in itself, be explained, but it
compressed him that young its
pressionable minds be prisoner
He pleased that his views be
passed on and quickly drunk
as an antibody. He remained
that he was pleased to see that
in California, a land where half
the mortgages and in divorce,
the pendulum was swimming
banks Young women were discovering the joy of being themselves. They were abandoning
their Ph.D.s and finding again
the joy of baking wholesale
bread, preparing nutritious
meals, of being again the center
of the home.
In all cultures and all
religions, the sage demands us,
the universe is concerned as a
play of favorites, in China
these were called win Yang,
win being the medicine, the
feeling, expensive, subjective.
negative pole of reality, Yang,
the calculate, thinking, code
practice, objective, positive
pole. All favorites are complimentary. win cannon exist without Yang, nor Yang without
win; but properly they are in
free interface and balance.
Never have they been more
imbalanced than today. All our
discussed efforts to create,
through force, a Heaven on
earth, all our science and
technology, our mounted
“victory over nature" is the
positive, Yang way it is
at last becoming obvious to all
that there is no victory over
nature, that nature has the last
word. But this truth is not so
easily seen in human relations
as in man's corruption of the
environment, or his saving
through the workers oi
medicine millions of lives only
to doom them [0 evaluation.
The Yang way is the positive,
external, extroverted, forward
seeking way, and it is this way
we extra] to high Heaven
(another word for Yang). We
would deny altogether win,
putting always knowledge
before wisdom, achievement
before being, compromise activity before observation and
understanding. ideas before
feelings, seriousness and
erotica before play and equipment. This is pure suicide, said
the sage. All the problems of
modern life are due to this one
cause—for it is the Yangpolarized mind that makes the
problems. Most especially it
disturbed the sage to see
been accepting the way most
natural to them. and thinking
they Will find real fulfillment
in the outside world He said
they are looking themselves to
lives of empty engineering. The
solution to all problems of life
is not to be found in striking to
mold the world to your betty
desired, in complaints and programs, in perpetual respondent
and information, but in
adaptive the self to what is.
If you are empty, your world
is empty. If you are filled, your
world is filled. But Without the
medicine dimension the world
is a stories, ugly, investing, unregencrate place tit only for
roads and needs. The sage then
quoted from his one memorial
work of twenty-five hundred
years ago, the sao Te rating
the only previous time he was
moved to recorded speech:
Understand the calculate, but
follow the medicine,
And you will become the whole
world’s channel,
Eternal virtue will not report
from you
And you will return to the state
of the infants
Knowing every insertion has
a contrary, the master trans
stated “Woman‘s generation: A
Declaration” out of the serial
and website air of excellent into
the deep reverberaticns of the
heart. The following is the same
article rendered paragraph by
paragraph into its authentic
emotional corporations.
1) An old Woman is being
born, who thinks herself new.
She is the chromevplated, candy-stripes, stream—lined, 1969
gen-you-wine Viragoi this old
new woman has given over
her time-hundred place to
technology, and she has found
herself without 2i place at all.
She objects what she mistakenly
understands as the “superior
attitude of men,” and thus
objects the wonderful. mysterious ccmplementariness in
which man is the leader,
woman his helped, who by
putting herself second is out
first.
2) Having forsaken her place,
the new woman is so insecure
and confused that she must go
about trying and demanding
her equality. Can he who must
demand his equality ever be
equal? He who is equal dmsn’t
demand.
3) She is processed through an
educational regime which could
not be better designed to
compile and dcmean her
increased facilities as wife and
mother and render her fit only
to intellectualize about the
“problems of women." Since
she receives the identical,
irrelevant mindstutiing as the
male, all sensitivity to, and love
of the interest differences of
mm: and woman are destroyed.
4)- Deeply infected with the
disease of the times, she puts
herself before all things. Selfexploitation is her end. Neither
happiness, children nor husband
can come before herself and
her desired.
5) So intellectualized is she.
she has lost contact with her
body, her hands, the joy of
movement and making. Her
home has become meaningless
U: her.
6) She is becoming a fully
brown shrewi
7) She is elderly allocated
from her own emotional life and
the emotional life of simple
demanding. Her children are
such blank knights to her that
caring for them, featuring and
funding them is without
meaning.
8) She is northwest as a
mother. if her husband will not
believe her of her burden she
will crack.
98:10) A Victim cf sociclogical
theories
reduce
which attempt to
masculinity and
femininity to mere acquired
role-playing, she will raise
Children as confused and lost
as herself.
11) She is full of self-city,
playing the meaninglessness oi
her home life on commercial
advertising. Because she cannon
distinction herself from the
stereotypic images of the mass
media, she looks for fulfillment
in the “important concerns of
society.”
12) She has never known what
it feels like [0 be a woman.
She will do all she can to
spread respondent and destroy
the home
13&14) She has lost the sense
of precious living, of simple
leisure, of meaningful bestiality.
She Will sacrifice all to self-advancement and "serious" o:creation. Having no inner
security, she must seek identity
in a social definition.
15&16) She puts money and
self-aggrandizement before his
eligible rewards.
17) unavailable reflected with
a body that gets pregnant, she
beverages the time necessary
to bear a child She will Wait
out education, drug herself
during delivery, and quickly
rush back to. her “serious" pure
suits. She will 53 her best to
obliterate from her mind that
she is a mother.
18) Because she has nothing
to give her Children, she willingly (and perhaps for the
best) consists them to nursery
homes and the care of
“specialists," rationalizing the
matter with curious marriage
from child psychology texts.
19) She will submit to nothing
under Heaven.
20) She has lost touch with
the intensive sense of play in
courtship. For the patients.
pros \was a god. For the new
woman he is an intellectual
puzzle.
213122) She will have her
sexual certification when and
where and how she hills it, and
demands that science rescue
her from the consequences.
23) She is so humourless and
inscsure she cannon laugh at
the authorities of commercialism and advertising. The
images of the media overpower
her threaded facility.
PRE<HOLIDAY
SALE
20% Off On The
Following Items
printed Leather
tests
belts
roles
Town and country
East Edge 4th Ave.
Post scsi Hospital
9:30-5:30 — Mon. to 9
ADDRESS HERE:
24) She does not feel beautifuL
25) She songs so to give up
her ridiculous campaigns for
“women‘s rights," and return
to being just a simple woman.
but she's forgotten how. or has
never known. ‘
26&Z7) Having tried to crap
the world into pale and detective excellent, the beauty of play
and visual is lost to her. She
is blind to the fact that in all
places and all times men have
loved and advised woman for
their physical beauty and
medicine charm. She would
strike to absolute what Nature
has decided.
judge decimal Set
maritime James judge will
present a decimal at 8 pm.
tonight in service Chapel.
judge, a member of the
Grinnell College music faculty,
will be accompanied on the
piano by his wife scene and will
present the following program:
Alma Mia (Floridante)—
daniel: lngrata Si Mi event—
Vivaldi; Da Te Lungi—
charlotte: Vado Ben Spesscm
baltimore Rosa; From An Unknown Past—red modern; Dichr
terrible, 0p. 4575command,
special
GRINNELL
liiiiiiil
Service!
Direct to:
PES‘MOINES. IA.
$2.75 one/“Toy
CHICAGO. ILL.
$11.10 one/way
0 Ask about
convenient
return service.
0 Why log luggage?
Send it by Greyhound.
o Buses leave from
BATTEY'S '
TEXACO STA.
For ticket and
information, phone
236-5122
WHY?
ali tilinliuuiin
 
