GRINNELL COLLEGE
SCARLET 8c
THE STUDENT
NEWSPAPER
 
.LXXVi
Grinnell, Iowa, Friday. February i4 [969
No. IA
 
Ghscenty ovesi'
The State of Iowa's Attorney General,
the City of Grinnell's police force, and
Grinnell College’s administration have
made separate moves concerning the
“Playboy” demonstration of Feb. 5, and
Pterodactyl, the underground newspaper.
A four-man team from the State
Capitol, headed by Assistant Attorney
General, Lawrence wellington, and including Grinnell graduate Jim Hughes,
arrived in Grinnell at approximately
2:00 PM. on Tues, Feb. 11. All mem<
bars of the team are under 25 years
of age. Local Chief of Police meters
and the college administration both
stated that they had no previous knowledge of the arrival or these men.
one or the group paid a short visit
to President suggest at approximately
2-30 involving the president of their
’ l and infections to investigate.
They rapidly made contact with St
cents and gathered information con-
warning the demonstration and Pterudactyl. ’
Upon discovering the investigator’s
presence upon campus, S.G.A. members,
including Student Coordinator Tom Triplett and SGA President Tom Thomas,
distributed a video to inform students
of the situation. KDlC, the college radio
station, also kept the students informed.
At this time the Attorney General’s men
had made no requests to the college for
information. Tuesday night, members of
the team were seen in the Forum,
dressed in casual clothes. Later that
night, one member of the group attempted to get into the East Street Gallery to see Henry Wilhelm. He was re»
based entrance.
Wednesday, the men informed the
Dean or Students, Alice Low, that her
files Were to be surrounded, when she
initially declined to give them any information The group revised any in-
"a or the radio
station, saying they would have to wait
 
Dedn Siouss retired
generator Steps Down
At a special faculty meeting last Friday, Dr. James H. Stauss, dean of the
college and protest since 1960, an<
founded his designation effective at the
end of this academic year. His announcement came at the end of a Come
prevention report on educational matters, which included recommendations
for important academic changes.
Dr. Stauss told the faculty: “Ten
years of meaning are a long time. My
reason for ending it should be clear:
that is, ten years are enough. This is
the case not only from my own stand-
oiut, but also from the college’s need
or the prisoners of ideas and energy
that aging after ten years in the office
cannon accurately supply. I look forward to burning the candle at one end
kitty."
President suggest told the charles and
Black that he will account a processor
to Mr. Stauss from either inside or out<
side the college, although he would press to fill it with someone who is well
acquainted with the working of the col.
legs. He has asked both faculty and
students to give him recommendations.
calculation for Mr. Stauss’ processor as
dean currently centers around Mr. Jar
peph Wall, chairman ot the faculty, Mr.
dildo Walker, chairman of the Science
Division, and Mr. Alan Jones, chairman
of the History Department, although almost any faculty member, as well as
someone with the college could become
dean. It is also possible that the positions
of dean of the college and of protest
may not be held by the same person,
dependent on who is selected as dean.
in his last report to the faculty on
academic matters Dean Stauss gave a
history of the academic changes that
have occurred in his centre, and presented some recommendations for some
far reaching academic changes. He is
known to have recommended that Independent Study 397-398 include only actual
library or laboratory research, and that
Independent Study 187-198 and 297-298
be created to cover other activities, such
as choir and orchestra and innovative
courses. He recommended that Social
Studies be made into a two semester
“great contemporary problems" course.
Mr. Stauss also tried a review of out
campus study, perhaps leading to a halfycar “work semester.” One of Mr.
Stauss’ major recommendations was a
complete regarding of admissions policy regarding black students.
As dean and protest, Mr. clause has
wide responsibilities over academic matters, particularly the content of the academic program and the meaning of the
faculty. His responsibilities cover the
recruiting and relating of faculty, overall supervision of faculty standing committees, supervision over the Registrar,
srauss—
(Continued Page 4, Column 3)
“one or two days." However, a phone
conversation with Mr. wellington and a
short interview with one of his men
who came to campus Wednesday, revealed that they expect to complete the
tired stage of their investigation by the
end of the week, when they will turn
their interface'on over to the proper
authorities. They di t care to comment on the gossip es oi proposition, the range or their probe, or the
reasons for it.
, Douglas jackson, Assistant Attorney General said Thursday that
the Dean of Students, Alice Low,
would be surrounded early next
week for information related to
their investigation. Mrs. Low declined to comment on the nature
of the information requested by
the investigators, but said, “l felt
. it was Confidential and I should
not release it ‘L it a subpoena.”
The College is cooperation with
the investigators as much as possible,, but as Mrs. Low explained,
“Professionally i cannon give out
information and would not do so
without 8 court order." The College cannon stop a law enforcement
agency from investigation a legal
matter but can control how much
they feel free to disclose until legal
action demands more information.
Thursday, the group attempted to con<
fact the alleged demonstration, as well
as Henry Wilhelm, and Neil Fisher.
Fisher and his dominant Greg Schmidt
agreed to talk to them while the demonstration refused their “ofﬁdial request”
to discuss the incident. The students involved are financing for legal consultation.
Also on Thursday, the Aitomey Gen—
oral‘s men released a press statement.
The only stated goal of their investigation was the Playboy protest.
The release also denied reports that
their investigation was politicians inspired. Their only goal is to discover
it the law has been isolated.
The police asked several students to
 
Implications of Demonstration
By DAVID BRYAN
Events of the past week have tender
to place the focus of the February 5
demonstration against Playboy Maga-
line into one of two fictionalized worlds
— the overly-simplified world of the coverage given by the media, or the limited,
legalistic world of certain concerned
Iowa legislature and Iowa Attorney
General, Richard "turner. However, if
the demonstration’s worth is to be realized on campus, the infections of the
demonstration and reactions of the rest
of the college community need to be
known, and, most important, the implications ot the demonstration must be
kept alive.
Participants in the demonstration have
issued two statements in all attempt to
clarity the rationale of their protest. typically, when it was learned that a re
presentation of Playboy would be on
Campus to speak, members of the We
men’s generation Movement and Guerril-
la Theater groups on campus discussed
action which could be taken to show
opposition to the values endorsed in
Playboy. It was hoped that the functioning of Playboy 5 values would raise much
broader issues, however. Kit order, a
participant, explained the need she felt
“to defend the idea or what is supposed
to be behind a liberal arts education. We
were trying to follow the values our education has led us to. We didn't feel antag—
plastic toward the institution, but were
dealing with issues as individuals which
are broader than the institution."
Another participant, holly calcium,
expressed concern for the feeling on
campus that “any news going out is
going to be a label for Griimell.” Miss
calcium was interpreted and answered
phone questions on Whoradio in Des
points shortly following the demonstration, and was pleased with the cum-
IMPLICATIIONS—
(Continued Page 4, Column l)_
Mason debate drove
come to the station to talk. All but one
declined the invitation. ﬁredericka Nelson. a senior from Brooklyn, iowa was
contacted by the police at roughly 4:00 on
Monday afternoon. They would not tell.
her the reason for the Call so She went
directly to the station. A plalnclothea
man, who was in the office with the
Chief, informed her of her rights. She
had had no counsel at this time, and decided at first to remain silent. Chief
meters would not tell her “what he
wanted" until she signed a waiver of
her rights. She elected to corporate, and
signed the waiver. Chief meters wrote
out a conversion about listening, asking
her to Write in certain names in her own
fundraising, which she did. After finishing the conversion, Chief meters informed
Miss Nelson that he had received no
complaints, but that he would take the
conversion to some attorneys to see it
there was any possibility of proposition.
Although he refused an interview with
the 53d} on this subject, he did say that
he was merely interested if} "C ,,
the law."
The Office of the Dean of Students
contacted all students known by them
to be participants in the listening in
Gates Lounge by means or a letter,
copies of which were also sent to the students’ parents. The alleged participant]
were not informed of this action until
the letters had been sent. The letter
stated, in part, that “. . . the incident
has done harm to the college's educational effort by managing its public ro<
duration. , .your action will ﬁrally have
less impact on the problems you describe
than it will in continuing many in their
belief that experiences do count, that
INVESTIGATION—
(Continued Paga 4, Column 4)
HEFFNER AMUSED
In response to the Grinnell demonstration of February 5, union Mount, Public
Affairs Manager for Playboy Magazine,
has stated “that although defined only
reached with mild agreement, I person<
ally found the incident hazardous. it re«
linked me of my own college days when
we used to pull partly rates." Mount then
went on to state that he was surprised
students would demonstrate against Playboy since Playboy is the only national
magazine that has constantly supported
the student's right to distant. He then
asked what the demonstration was actually about. When familiarized with the stud
cents objectives to rehabilitation of the
female, and exploitation of the sexual
act, Mount agreed with the passengers and
said that the demonstration was drive
and Childish, since Playboy also has the
same objectives.
“We attempt to present the personality
as well as the body of a girl. We never
print just a picture without an article.
We believe that the human body is a
beautiful rather than an observe thing,
but that does not mean that we forget the
person behind the body. or course we
present a man's viewpoint because we
are a man's magazine. it’s just like the
Ladies Home Journal is for women.” He
ﬁlisted his remarks by saying that it
might be fun to place a copy of last
week's Pterodactyi in the State Attorney
General’s mailborn
 
Page Two
EDITORIAL
Politics or People?
The protest of Playboy, was not only a protest against
the commercialism that ignored those aspects of women that
stand for happiness, but an insertion by several individuals
of their belief in communication, sensitivity and human density.
A protest is an attempt at symbolic communication, one
of the unique aspects of the human animal, Unfortunately,
the society, the press, and even some of the most sensitive
people will not think of the individual communication and
sensitivity expressed by these people. Because of this, people are hurt, improved corporations are made, things like the
estimation’s losing money or hearing for its reputation occur.
Someone in Des points gets scared and starts an investing—
tion. An investigation of what?
Will an impersonal, “no comment,” recently trying
group of men increase (or even desire to increase) under«
standing, communication, or sensitivity? The motivation, EX<
questions, and nature of their work, makes any honest investigation impossible.
The Attorney General’s office has brought fear to the
campus through their approach and their goals. This seems
to be a perfect example of what the demonstration was protecting against —- functionality and rehabilitation. The
investigators have missed the point of the protest by being
here at all.
The state attorney has sent four men including the assistant state attorney to procedure initial crimes. The damage to individuals involved is not a consideratioato this
3131:; WE? (in radicals. When will human values replace poll‘
tips?
Communication, sense city, human density; they are all
positive aspects of the human situation. The happenings of
the past week diminish one’s hope that these are in reality,
the values of the society, the community or some individuals.
 
1——
.._1
To The Parents of M . Low and M . Thompson
Dear Parents:
Your children have been identified as
those among a group of Grinnell administrators who have apparently minutes
the responsibilities of their respective
positions, First, they have circumvented
the regular college procedure for villa»
tion OI social regulations as prescribed
i.“ the “Student Handbook” and the
"Grinnell College Bulletin." In their letter to the Playboy investors and their
parents they have after as both projector, judge, and jury. Their letter he—
wins “You have been identified as one
of a group or students who dlsrobed in
sales Lounge" yet who identiﬁed them
and with what authority? Not only have
these students been unofficially accused,
but. they have also been unofficially
round guilty. one workers why your
Son/daughter did not use the established
judicial process and chose to go outside
all legal procedure.
lt is also my opportunity task to intoun you that your son/daughter after
in a way which did not do honor to
their profession, Since when do the means
write students’ parents without inform—
Eg the involved students first? Such a
procedure appears at once molecular
and identical, receiving neither those
[friends involved nor their parents. In
fact, it would appear that your letter
has generated no one. What purpose did
your son/daughter have in mind? One
workers when such practices will be
put to an end.
I quote the shore mentioned letter in
mien-ice not to the processors but rather
to your children:
“...Wedoml.ke|hepdntthltyour
action in let! the him-n issues less
I|sexually defined, Ind in some winners
has generated I nuﬂon antagonistic. lo
the college not to lo education-l nav.
“column/cl, mac loan-lib
problems [oriented by a conﬂict It this
sort (that is, problems created by doing
expensive damage to the institution that
you presumably are geneﬁking from)
are becoming steadily more complex.”
I invite you to discuss the implications
of this incident at your convenience.
Sincerely yours.
Lee april
The charles & Black
student Newspaper of
Grinnell College.
@russell. Iowa
All index'lending pickup'x-
two paper 171.: um wet y,
3‘“ . M? except during holidays
> and examination Periods.
g any the crime“ com
a mines on sruouu dubai-
‘Ei Canons. Subscription
rm per
’01! mp role
year.
school
taylor . .
business Mnnlxer
sun-win. Edlxor
Alsoclllz Editor .
Cm mm ,
Spam mm ,, ,, YVOR sToAKLrY
com rbaromnber , mom uNmzLoM
lenﬂﬂel: , Lynn films, lmny full,
David pay-u. com rroulicu,
no Hirsch, kathy dana,
holly acquire. Marx-m smaller.
Muk job-luau, Rich Schmlechel.
.iomlhnn klein
, susAN KAESER
BRUCE smom
SCARLET AND BLACK
LETTERS
Concern for reputation
To the editor:
It has become Increasingly apparent
that a minority or students on the campus of Grinnell College are creating an
image that 15 not representative of the
entire student body. The image of Grinnell as a radical institution has not
merely appeared subsequent to the demonstration against Playboy Magazine. it
has, rather, been avoiding over a period
at time that has been punctuated by a
variety of controversial incidents. In the
light of the philosophy of a liberal arts
college, we have too long recently tower—
aged these differences, and we now
feel completed to express our opinions.
1. it has become increasingly more
difficult to study in an atmosphere in
which everything from our human dig—
city to our intelligence is being resulted.
The events which have taken place have
ranked, in our opinion, from the image
to the offensive and i“crude the Guerrilla Theater's presentation on Saturday, October is at the Symposium for
Parent’s Weekend and at second games—
her registration, the most recent issue of
the Plel‘odactyl, and mo Playboy den-corporation. The last of these is the combination of the tone that has been propogaled by the minority.
2. These events have had modifications outside the student community
viiiémeets released to the Des holmes
Register have been expressed as rep<
reservation of the majority of the stud
sent body; we doubt that this is so.
Them has been a resulting loss of practice as regards the college. This is evidenced in the centered enrollment of
several prospective students and the
dissatisfaction voices among present
students, parents, and alumni.
3. With reference to the Playboy demonstration in particular, we ﬁnd it erotic
that those who were protecting the commercializailon of the human body used
the identical methods to further the ac—
tions of people closely affiliated with the
campus.
4. Misrepresentation of student opinion extends into other sectors of college
life. We understand that the Student
Senate is to be sensitive to the views of
the entire student body. From its actions
this year and last, we feel that [his is
highly questionable. For example, a 33m
approximately was made to the Piemdlay! on October 2, 1968. This money was
appropriated under the guide of a single
ad. If this publication is not college‘
sponsored, we ask why college funds
were realized. $300 seems an exorbant
amount to cover only one no.
We realize that the mere statement
of opinions is not sufficient. The solutions to these problems that will reduce
change he perhaps in greater participation of the majority in szudem elections, the Student Senate, and concerned
reaction to activities at the campus.
Barbara Schnurman
Janet Williams
Nora console
Stephanie cohen‘ck
Joy hazard
Patricia Later
Gina Mills
 
Hollow-print Ice state Sharpening
DONE WITH PRECISION IV MACHINE
AT
Harry's Sport Shop
. us job.
Friday. February, l4. I969
Don’t waste your money
To the Editor:
As we all know, attorney general
people are on campus to investigate, as
they say, “some matters.” Apparently
their main concern is the strip, the nasty
and serious protest that occurred a
week ago and which, for the first time
in our minds, brought extensive after-
[ion to the fact that “Playboy," explains
women's beauty, to be sure, “Playboy’s" grotesque concept or beauty.
Assuming these men earn at least
$7,000 a year. which figures in wages
to around $4 an hour, together they are
paid $128.00 a day. We assume that they
do not work in the evening since on
Tuesday night one of the men actor«
wanted by a man not known for certain
to be an agent, both apparently drunk,
asked us where the john was. Unless
they were exploring some kind of arctic
to extract information by learning
drunkenness we assume they work an
eight hour day. Surely they would not
carry on their mission in a drunken
stupid.
These men have been here since Tuesday and will leave Thursday or Friday
we think. So, around $500 will be spent
on their salaries alone. Add on to this
figure another $500 for further armenia‘
archive work and miscellaneous ex’m
passes. it something like hearings 0')? "
trials result, the expense would perhaps
add up to $5,000.
We suggest that the attorney general
get the hell out of Grinnell College and
the state spend this money in a ghetto
or, it the state assists on spending the
money on law and order, we suggest
that it be spent against the maﬁa Instead 0! against some people who took
all their clothes,
David Llndblom
Wilhelm Defense
To the Editor:
Neil kitchen’s and Greg Schmidt's program on the college radio station KDIC
on February 11 during which they
claimed that 1 organized the recent nude
demonstration against Playboy magazine in order in make money by selling
photographs to the press, is a complete
discretion of the facts. It is an result
ro those who actually did organize the
protest. The organizing of course can’t
reveal themselves at this time due to
the investigation by the state Attorney
minerals office. This information will of
course come out in time and Neil and
Greg will prove themselves to be links.
Many other statements made during the
radio program were also completely unique. Neither Neil nor Greg not anyone
else contacted me about their information
before or after the program.
Since that time Mm Ruth. Prescott.
representing the college pulse relations
police, has sent copies of the program
in the Associated Press, United Press
International, Grinnell radio station
KGRN, the Gn'shell Register, and ill.
Des points Register, She did not check
are facts stated on the programming me.
and admitted to me when 1' allied he:
that she knew some or the information
presented on the program was not carried. She said the Public Relations nffiCI
sent the program out as a matter 3!
"information."
Anyone who is interested in discussing
this matter or what Krystyht norman and l are daily in trim" is
welcome to come over to our house at
1408 East Street and mlb with B. You
are also welcome in View the photographs
presently hanging in our gallery. Th-
;albert, by the way, was never concerned
or intended Io be a status enterprise.
willing].
 
Friday. February I4. 1959
@V@$9VQ@@@®@@@@$@WW@@W@V9@§®@@@@V@@
@@@®@@@@@%@®@@@@W@@@@@@@%®%@W§W®$$W
@@@®@§®®@®@®@@@@@@@@®®@$@@®®®®@®%®@
@@@@®v@@@%@w@w%@@@@%®@@@w%@@ﬁvwww@@
@@@%V®@@@@@$@@¥%$W@@V@@W%@®@$%$@$®@
WW§V§W9V$®$9®W@@w®@@9?@999@@$@@®9%?
vwww9909@vwwwwwwww@®v@®9®vwvv®9®9®v
vvwvvvvvvvvwvvwewvvvvwsvvvvwvvvvvvv
V@$VVVVV@VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVUVVVV'VVVQW
VV§VVVVVVV®VVVVVVQVVVVVVV'VV'VVVVV
 
VV@V'VVVVV V'VVVVVVVV'VVVV'VVVVVV'
9@®VVVVVV‘ V'V'V'VVVV"VVVVV'19V99
VVVV'VVV'VVVVVVV'VVVVVVVVVVV'VVVVVV
VVVVVVV'V'VVVVVVVVVVVVVV'VV'VVVVV§V
VVﬁ'V'VV'V'VV'VVVVV'VV'V'VVVV'VVV?@
vuvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvﬁ
vvwvvwvvvvvwvvvvwwvvvvvvvvvvvvwevvw
v@®%vvvvvvvvvvvvvwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwv
va$vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
@@%VVVVVQVV'VUV'VVVV'VO'V'VVV'990$”
Vﬁ§VVVVVVVV'VVVVV'VVVV'V'VVV'VVVVVV
VV®VV'VV'VVV'V'VVVV'VV'V'VV'VVVVVVV
vvwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
”9%VVVVVVVVVVV9VVVVVV'V'V'V'V'V'VV?
wwwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve
vvwvvvvvvvvvvvwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
V@®VVV'VVVVVVVVVVVVV'VVVVVV'VVV9.99
VQQVVVVQVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV'VVV99???
®@®QU999?9@00999V99'99999V9V'.9@@9%
@@@$VV9999VVVVVVVVVVVV'VVVVVVV”@9@V
®@@@@$@@$@V@WVV@WWVV@VVVVV@9VVW@@@@
@@@@V@W§@9WV999V999®VVVVVVVVV?VV9@?
@%%VQ@W?@V99V'VVVVVVVVﬁVVVV?VV$V@@®
®W@@V®V@W9V”W@®V9@99VVQV$VQV$VW9@@®
@@@@vwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvw@
@%@®@9999VV'VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV'VVVVVQ
vvvwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwv
@@@@VVQQ@VV'V'V'VUV'V'VVVVV'VV9'9”?
@@$VVVVVVVV'VVVV'VVVVVV'V'VVV'”v.99
$3®VVVVVV'V'VV'VVVVVVV'VVVVVVVVVVVV
V?@VVVVVV'V'V'V'VVVV'V'VVVVVVVV9999
VVVVVVVV'VVVVVVVVVQVVVVVVVVVVVV9999
.VVWVVVVV'VV'V'V'VV'VV'VVVVVVVVO‘99?
9V99VVVVVVV'VVVV'VV'VVUVVVVVQV$V'@$
V@@V'V'V'VV'VVV'VV'V'V'V'V'VVVVV®$§
VVVVVVVVVVV'VV'VVVVVVVVVVVVVVV999$?
 
Page Four
) implications
(Continued from Page 1)
her of supporting calls she received.
Several gallery giving support explained
that they had not been able to support
(or understand) earlier concentrations.
In summarizing her hope for the effect
of the demonstration, Miss calcium
said, “We’re aware of the possible negative results, but feel that, overall, the
good will outreach the bad.”
Perhaps the good has already begun to
overbalance the bad. At a group discussion Wednesday, organized by the participants, president Views were tired and
communication was reached.
Most or those processing the registration Wednesday characterized their
own reactions as "edge” or “embarrassed at first" but, having overcome
the initial shock, felt no offense by the
others’ nudity. One student remained
that it was the most meaningful demonstration as directed against price proper, representative of Playboy, was fairly
interactive. proper, although somewhat
shared, jokes through the situation and
then continued to answer questions after
the students had song "You've got to
Walk That lonesome Valley”. Many
seemed to feel, also, that the participants
must have had to anticipate the sensationalism the demonstration would cause,
and, for that reason, questioned the participants use of sensationalism to give
backing to their protest.
Outside negative reaction to the demonstration was first received by the
Admissions Office. Mr. Paul sonic, an
admissions connector in the office, said
that they had had a call Thursday morning, the morning after the demonstrae
tion, brown the father of a student already
admitted to next year’s freshman class
on the early admissions plan. He cancelled his daughter’s place in the class,
giving the demonstration as the reason.
porno, who is one of the college’s representatives for prospective students in
Iowa, stated that concentrations in the
past seem to have been responsible for
a drop in number of iowa applications,
although “the quality or the applications
has remained high.”
Mr. James prison, Director of Development. already has a tile iii state letters
written in response to the demonstration. One, from an olympus who is can»
ceiling a three-year pledge, includes the
Comment that students do not need his
money because they are so punishment
that they do not need to go to college at
all. Another points out the difference between the liberal tradition at Grinnell
and the present anatomy, ”which no
amount of money can help". prison
comments, “The stripetease dress’t
bother me; what does bother me is that
the incidents are designed to hit the
papers; and they do, from coast to
coast.” He adds that all he can say to
GLASSES
Made and impaired
in Our Laboratory
Contact Lenses
Cases and
Solutions
Eyes Examined
Phone 236-3977
E. J. lenses, 0.
OPTOM E‘lRlS‘l‘
Across from Post Office
Closed intro. PM.
and Sat. PM.
SCARLET AND BLACK F d: print! 4, I96!
Project AIM
East of importsﬁty
By LYNN ADAMS
In Des points, Washington, Chicago,
Boston, and beginning in New York.
alumni oi Grinnell are contacting other
alumni to get three-year pleased (mainly) for AIM, the college's largeescale
fund raising program.
The brochure explaining the program
and its goals contains a card which lists
the amount of money it takes to name
something. So car no one has come up
With 31,000,000 to name the P. E. complex, but in it there will be the Robert
Weitzman Weight Room. For those at
you who are interested, it only costs
$1500 to name a P. E. secretariat oiilce,
or a student room in the projected new
cold residence hall. To name the rest<
dance hall costs $500,000; or it can be
done in the name of someone gone but
not forgotten: how about the Richard
Schnelrov Hall? or the David M. Gibson
Memorial laura (or $10,000? or the Mela
ly calcium Women's equipment Room,
for 32500? To name the Field House costs
$500,000; the lobby $50,000; a HandballSquash Court $20,000; a reSidence hiv:
log Room $5000; an Outdoor patio $7,500;
I wonder what it would cost to name a
john?
So far pleased and cash modeling
33.6%.467 have been received toward the
ﬁ__
the intended is that “Their motivation
was pure.”
And so goes the Grinnell reaction.
reaction and response seem to have
been the passwords surrounding the
Playboy protest. To say the least, the
response has been installing to watch,
however. It’s a bit scary to see how
many times the opinion of the protest
given north has been controlled by
someone or something outside of the
person talking, such as the practicality
of an admissions quote, the state of
mind of a principle donor, or a friend’s
opinion of Olle’s own opinion. Hopefully, the demonstration of pride and
respect or the human body given in
sales lounge has provided as students
with more than a light conversation
topic. If it has added the process of
shipping away at our comfortable,
exclusive wedding of liberalism, radicalism, calcium, (insert your
individual category if you’ve stopped
functioning), that’s good. if it has
brought us it climate of the human
body as founder to be integrated (do
you remember a few important feelings when you were a little kit”),
that’s good. If It has brought us I
climate of some other way of living
(A very different way, without necessarily including the customs that surround us and simple around inside of
us now), that‘s good. If it has brought
us I climate oi something (anything)
we‘ve never seen before, (or perhaps
seen and forgotten), that’s good.
To the extent that we've had these
glimpses, we thank you. people
military
career Shop
files Jay
806 4th Ave.
AIM First Phase goal of $10 million by
June 30, 1972. This does not include the
government grant of $540,000 and government loan or $943,000 toward the $2.2
million P. E. Complex. The long-range
goal is $25 million.
AIM is divided into "People and
Programs with an objective of 55,709,000; and "Programs for Buildings”, with an objective of $4,291,000.
This means that slightly more than
hall of the projected money is to fill
needs for closing the gap between
tuition and costs, new teaching projects and research for both faculty
and students, sophisticated equal
ment, student aid to keep Grinnell
from becoming only for the attluent,
higher salaries for faculty, new curriculum offerings, and library expansion.
An example of a current AIM-funded
program is the Milwaukee Theater semester. The AIM program got an experimental grant from the powerseller
Foundation for it. James 0. prison, director oi development, says one can bet
that anything new that takes money is a
part ot me AIM program.
The "Program for Buildings" is currently relocation the track and field
across month Avenue where the bulldozers recently cut up the grass and took
out the apple trees. The P. E. complex
will be built just east ot and overlapping
the present Ward Field.
The South Campus Reception Center is
an already-completed AIM project. The
new residence hall, to be built where the
swimming pool now stands, innovations,
and retirement of the debt the college
assumed to build the new B and G buildings are other First Phase AlM objectives. Projects for the second phase are
a central dining hall east of party, and
a Fine Arts Museum, next to career
Plaza. However, the trustees have not
yet approved a new form, dining hall
or museum.
The college’s trustees themselves
are heavy contributors to AIM. development personnel show college
plans to all kinds or Foundations;
this is the fund-raising procedure of
AIM. prison lists reasons why individuals give to AIM: others are doing
it; they love the institution; gifts to
Grinnell are tax—reductions; often for
a feeling of importantly through it
useful document. Perhaps those
seeking importantly are these most
intended by irreverence top- invision and pressure for change. Alumni
probably leei nostalgic. These, along
with moral documents, I propose as
reasons individuals do not give to
AIM.
:
} Stuuss
(Continued brown Page 1)
as well as the allocation of resources
for the various divisions, and a responsibility over all budgets.
Dean Stauss has been a faculty mem»
bar at Grinneli. since 1946, and has been
dean of the college since 1960. He served
as acting president (or more than a year
in 1964 and 1965, after the designation of
Dr. Howard R. women to become press—
sent of the University of iowa and prior
to the election of Dr. Glenn suggest as
his processor. Mr. Siauss plans to teach
and do writing and research on higher
education alter this year.
President suggest called Mr. Stauss'
recommendations “very well thought out
and precise" and said that he was “very
favorites” to the report. Dean Stauss
will release copies of his report and recommendations in the near future. He has
been asked to speak to the student body
about his recommendations as soon as
.7 he finds time.
) Investigation
(Continued from Page If
the college 'looks bad’, and that who
its good action is publicized, even my
will somehow be suspect. . .At any rat
we do make the point that your anti‘
has left the human issues less useful ‘
defined, and in some quarters has ge
stated a reaction antagonistic to the co
legs. . .We would invite you and/or yo
parents‘ to discuss the implications
this incident with us. "
Comment by the demonstration and
others on this letter contained three
objectives. First, that opinions as to
the damage done the college were prev
center as fact. Second, that the letter
was sent to parents before the student
were informed. Several people points
out that in the cases of some students,
this was deﬁlikely a positive action.
Third, that the letter was sent to the
parents of one student who removed
only his shoes and socks in sympathy
with the processors.
wednesday night the senate passed a
resolution seriously functioning the “comic
dust of the Dean's Office in handled
the matter." They recommended the
the Judicial Council consider these ads
tions and their implications.
Recent events that the actions of the
Attorney minerals’ office will overshadow the importance of college and
city options for most students.
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
263-4386 923 Broad
Step Up To
JD'S RESTAURANT
721V: Maia
Ms... 5 s to to pin.
sunday — Noon to lo p.m.
STOP!
See Our New Line
of Fabrics
for Spring
R 8. J Fabric
105 Main
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
 
 
students occurs the lobby oi the administrator Building in the uni.
variety at Chicago. aaiore anyone can proceed to the other lleois they
muri pan security guards at this point.
Ad. Building Seized In Student Power Play
By BILL RAFFERTY
“I’ve learned how to be typical about
waiting, committees and about the
‘sacred nature of the institution!’ HOW
much longer do you want us to wait?
It’s about time we were a little realistic.
We’ve wanted long enough.”
This statement by china Grossman,
an undergraduate at the University ot
Chicago, characterized the majority View
of students who voted to take over the
administration Building, January 30,
1969. The Students intend to remain in
the building until their demands are
met.
This demonstration called non-violent discussion hy the students, is the
latest phase in the attempt to gain
student power in making faculty and
administrative decisions. Although the
movement has been building for some
time, the timing of sociologist airline
simon is the main issue in convention.
The students occurring the AdminisA
[nation Building have [our non-negotiable
demands,
L desire Miss simon.
2. Amnesty for processors (61 suggestions have been issued).
3. Equal student participation in hiring and ﬁring.
l, Full payment for school employees
in the Administration Building.
.The demonstration expected the administrators to comply with the de
hands, possibly event the students, or
close the University. However, alter two
weeks, suggestions are the‘only visible
reaction. Apparently the administrators
hope the sit-in will die with time.
The number or processors has
dwindled. The original 400 has dropped
to an estimated 175 actively involved.
Although this seems to justify administrative hopes, the installed the
group has overcome makes a “natural
death” unlikely.
The movement was organized by the
‘Committee of 85'. 0f the ‘85' one-third
were SDS organizing, the remainderim
eluded numerous organizations ranging
from the extremely radical to the
staunchly conservative. Of these, WRAP
(Women’s Radical Action Project), and
the Guerrilla Theater are Oi Special importance.
Those not willing to participate but
still Wish to act have formed a Guerrilla
Theater group. The group has been
instrumental in presenting the issues
to those not actively involved.
The Women's generation movement
is responsible for the negotiable demand for 50% women on the faculty.
airline simon was the first regular professor in the sociology department in 19
SIT-IN—
(continued Page 8, Column 4)
Several students gather for lunch on the 5th floor of the building. so to
too .iudunit occurs th. building such day.
Page Five
A Do “Yourself Guide To A Successful oil-In
By SUSAN KAESER
The Administration bidding at the
University or Chicago is presently housing so to 100 students a day. Liie in the
administration building is quite different
from the usual activities that are Conducted there. The student processors
who took over the building January 30.
have been sleeping in the President’s
office and other targeted rooms. The
fifth floor contains the security center,
the kitchen (a desk with planet butter,
cold cuts, bread, and cheese), and a
study area (several online typewriters
and calculators are being used). School
still goes on so students leave the building to attend classes, shower, or get a
good night's sleep,
One protected explained that it is not
too difficult to participate in this sort of
living situation. There are 10 steps that
are usually taken in establishing resource in an administration building
1. Go through all proper channels to
make your demands known.
2. Pamphlet the campus and make
people aware of plans, goals. times and
places.
3. Hold a rally to decide actions and
when to take them.
4. Set up a steering committee to or-
range for good, security, determining.
and legal aid it necessary.
5. Have someone planned in the building who can case the joint, ltd guards,
make sure things will work. and give
the sign to enter.
6. Meet at appointed time and place,
mill around outside, and wait for a Sign
to enter.
7. Enter building and allow those in
the building to leave.
8. Don’t let administrators back in.
9. Set up security and move in.
10. Stay until your demands are met.
Several different types oi people are
living in the building. One participant
characterized three major groups.
“There are three groups of people, the
two sections oi SDS who write pamphlets
all da the moderator who don’t. do
anythi g, and the breaks who take care
of security.”
There is no central power group running the protest. There are several committees which are responsible for load,
security, and negotiations. but all decisions about action come from mas:
meetings. According to one student,
GUIDE—
(Continued on Pnge 8, Column 3)
 
News of their protest. positions and anti-pool’est‘ information can b.
found M the entrance in the occupied Administration Building.
FEBRUARY
A Cold, Dreury Month
In Grinnell.
Bu’r you can show‘men ii- +o iusi' 28
days by get‘ing away from H all.
by making ii" +0 +he warm away—
from - c a m p u s atmosphere oi
Ahrv's or by bringing Ahrvio ’rlne
business of your own room.
AHRVANO S FIEEA
236-6221
Tom 8: alone harrison
 
Page Six
SCARLET AND BLACK
Unrealized Potential for Student involvement
By KATHY BULL
The Havemnn report of Scptelllber,
1967 proposed the establishment of Ed-
|icatlorlal Policy Committees for the
three div ons, Humanities, Social Sciences, and Science. Tlle E,P.C.s are still
in the discussing and planning stage of
all proposals and no concrete action has
been taiwan to indicate signsﬁcant changes.
One of the opportunity aspects of
the E.P.C.s is that they have no real
decision-making power; their function
is surely recommendations]. This
weekend the positive action of form
log a student-faculty committee.
A major issue in each division has
been the availability of student representatives, the role of the students on
the committee, and the methods with
which the students on the committee.
and the methods with which the students would be selected. The additional
E.P.C.s have dealt with this problem in
Various ways, and have emphasized different areas requiring innovation. Voting power for both the faculty and student participants is still undefined.
The need for a Well-defined additional
organization and assuming of “important educational functions,” the promotion of communication and cooperation
among departments, particularly con<
warning interdisciplinary and interim<
partmental study and the civilization of
communication with other divisions and
the Executive Council, are specified by
the coleman Report as reasons for establishing E.P.C.S.
The committees do not sewe as detisionemaking bodies; rather, they make
recommendations to be voted on by the
faculty, division or Executive Council. A
large share of the Work is done within
the departments and is cleared by the
committee,
Each di signal committee decided
how often they will meet and how
many student representatives they
will have. The latter decision is sub—
ject to the entire faculty’s approval.
Although most at the committee members agree that student participation
%
Penalty credits considered
After the Thanksgiving access. a number of faculty members questioned the
half credit penalty which is added to the
graduation requirement or absent six<
limits This penalty was institutes several
years ago to cure students who cut, not
only the days immediately before and
after Vacations, but in some cases. see<
oral days preceding and following.
A committee composed of a faculty
member from each division and two student consultants was established to look
into the questions A report should be
compiled in the next few weeks and prescribed to the Executive Council of the
Faculty, who will in turn make recommendations to the faculty as a whole.
It is difficult to predict what the final
‘decision will be. The student body and
many faculty members are opposed to the
penalty because it is interactive in that
it covers only six days of the school year.
However, there is also support of the
penalty for lack of an alternative.
on the committees is important, the
Humanities and Social Science di-
options have not yet elected student
representatives. This, however, is not
entirely the fault of the faculty The
student attendance 'at the EEC. 01‘conventional meetings was very poor.
The Humanities committee held ﬁve
organizational meetings last semester
and have not met this semester. Presently student are not represented at
these meetings. While there has been
some statement against student representation, the majority recognize a need
for student participation, disagreeing
only on form. A faculty member described the function of the E.P.C. as a
“cleaning house for course proposals and
the other proposals related to curriculum revisions,”
The Science division has met once this
semester and plans to meet every two
weeks. A student elected by the motors
represents his department at the meetings. Mr. Danforth, head of the committee, feels cooperation between the
students and faculty will be worthwhile.
in the future he hopes to sea the cum<
little examining the acceptance and
effectiveness of Science I and it requirelnents and attempting information
to make recommendations to the entire
division.
The Social Science division has not
yet determined their policy on student
representation and is relating issues
until student participation is established. The Political Science department motors have initiated their own
Student Educational Policy Committee,
election two seniors and three seniors.
This committee will participate in various decision-making aspects of the department, but will not be directly as<
situated with the additional E.P.C.
%
Students Challenged
From
RICHARD SCHMIEKEN, JANET SMITH
KATHY BULL, ROGER KOENKER
The Humanities and Social Science
Divisions have still not elected student
representatives to their Educational Po<
lucy Committees. We feel that the students should not wait for the faculty to
request their organizing but should go
ahead and take action. If they expect to
have a voice in the important issues that
will be considered by the committees this
semester (perhaps recommendations for
a new Dean could be suggested) they
must take the time and effort to organize Within the department and elect re
preseiltatives. Regular meeting times
shoulti be agreed upon immediately.
We hope that the E.l’. .s will not be
only “clearing houses" for departmental
proposals, but will also be able to illi<
state experimental interdisciplinary and
independent studies programs and research the value of comprehensive
exams, and general educational requirements. \Ve also hope that the delay in
establishing the committees Will not
have concerned them to second semester lethargy'. or worse, that the faculty
will small action until it becomes too late
for the students to share in any decisions
about next year’s curriculum
 
ART SUPPLlES
Posters, Frames, Gifts
hints’o dutch litiiEEi.
813 4TH AVENUE
Grionell's Decorating Center
Friday. February I4. [96?
The fingers pulled another no-no at the slow timer Saturday night in Loose
Lounge when most of the 60 who attended d
edited it was time [or fingerpainting the
Free Sioze and kitchenette, as well :is each other’s takes. But Blue changes Ralph
‘ Pomerenk and Ken Etzkorll didn't appreciate the unlimited creativity and ordered
cloth rooms to be cleaner by Thursday evening or else. Since no one can afford to
pay B to G cleaning rates, the fingers will comply, but yellow subscriber have been
updated in the facility.
 
Controversial Concert intended
By MOLLY MCGUIRE
A new breed of music was introduced
to Grinneii last weekend in the term or
the devil Taylor Unit, an avantegarde
jazz quarter. If nothing else. the concert
became a topic of controversy on cam
put as the music was foreign and incomprehensible t0 the cars at most of the
audience. Arguments rated over the
quality or value at the music itself as
well as the availability of bringing this
type of music to Grinnell.
Comments ranked from the vacations
landscape favorite, “Oh, it didn’t have
a very good beat and I coupon't dance
to it," to the popular. “It stunkl” Those
who liked it seemed overpowered by it—they were completely carried away continually: “l was anticipated by it," was
one of the more extreme comments on
the positive side.
Generally. however, there seemed to
be unavailable response from the campus, On this note, the 5&3 talked to Gary
bidding and Lee chamber‘g oi the Social
coordination Committee to let them explain their reasons for bringing in devil
Taylor, and also to let them comment
on the student reaction.
Their reason for presenting a concert
of ellis type was two-fold, First, bidding
felt that “any controversy started in this
conservative message of apache and
lethargy would be beneficial.” chambers
added, ”The concert was a result ol a
> GUlde
(Continued from Page 5)
each persons thinks of what should be
done and then does it. “Things are a bit
floppy, but they get done." The processors are particularly concerned in not
defining a power structure.
Life during the ﬁrss week was exciting but with time some interest is dying.
processors, no matter what interest
group they were from. were unified by
their actions and engaged in intensive
communication. One student said it was
a “great educational experience," DisA
sessions between very different types
of people ranked all the way from
politics through concepts of human nature.
After almost two weeks, the parents
remain in the building, unwi 'ng to
judge until some action is taken on their
demands. Some people are losing inter»
est. but many students inside on staying.
continuous attempt to make the concerts
program an organic part of the educational process. Education involves a
challenge to one's standards and preconceptions."
recently, they wanted to export students to music they may never listen to
on their own, or even realize existed.
"The importance of the concert,"
arrested bidding, ”was that the students
got a chance to hear this music, not
Whether they liked it or disabled its one
of my hopes in bringing in Taylor was
that people would be moved to investigate the music more fully on their own,"
Those criticizing the quality of the music itself were beverly guided by bidding
and chambers. They argued that to criticism quality [mm a position of total insurance is “independence,"
Instead of lodging the music by the
standards of familiar Western music,
they arrested that one must realize that
Taylor is working in a diiierelit medium,
that of an AirorAlnerican culture. bidding arrested, “Whatever similarities
there are between may rand Mozart are
outweighed by similarities between taylor and arlington,"
bidding was particularly disturbed by
the fact that so much of the audience
left before and during intervention. He
said that if they would have stayed longer
they very possibly would have ended up
enjoying it (which is what did happen
in several cases.) He said that Taylor
Wasn't playing for those who left, but
for those who stayed long enough to
enjoy listening to the music as much as
he did playing it.
it’s
I
THE VARSITY
NEWSSTAND
FOR
SMOKES,
SNACKS,
BOOKS.
 
Friday. February l4. too
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Seven
 
Gray Matter
By BILL GRAY
'Before beginning I would like
to apologize for the article
which appeared under my online last week. I did indeed
write it but a google portion or
it found its final testing place on
the cutting room floor with the
listing result that much at its
traditional serve (you may have
another name for it) was lost in
the editing. hopefully, lack oi
space will no longer necessarily
the relation of some of the more
noteworthy messages.
Returning to the assigned topic, liable, Off»Campus and
(gasp) the Faculty, established
themselves as the teams to beat
in the “A” division at LM. was-
ketball. All are interested with
half of the season gone. Clark,
for some unfathomable reason,
is interested in the ' ” section.
Last Friday the freshmen detected a team of I. M. all-stars
(1’) by the score of 66-59. John
henderson (liable) scored 21 to
lead the sorry Finelson
coaches stars. Highlight of the
game was a discounted shoulder
administered by R. B. Weeks to
Dave passed in a break bishop.
It might be noted that Weeks is
showing no effects of his layout.
A related is set for Friday
night, February 23 in party
Gym.
1. M. bodyrexposing took the
center stage this week with a
match in Gates lounge; it was
quickly followed by l. M. visiting.
 
1. You sure are my kind or
folkxingcr, iran.
“Oh, a lonely niinslrol
I’nirncant to be. "
l/
a. i've always
ridinircd you.
“Forever to room
is my destiny..."
l5. But I guess you're just too
wrapped up with your music.
"Alone. es, alan.
wmtsnt y. . .”
Moli- In lppolnlmuﬂ through your
a. Y’tliink ninybe you nnrl me
could, uh, possibly...
"A-silicon’ my song
to humanity "
4. And I was hoping that
ei'lyrics, somehow, the
eelilig might be mutual.
"Without any need to:company. . ."
o. it could have been beautiful,
because i just got one or
the great jobs available ir
ongoing college people
these (days. blend good pay,
challenging work, and
solutions that come it!
as! as I can earn them.
Like to hear my version
oi “send Me Down
the title, kyle"?
.mployniont rlpruenlllivc .n mi. ll, m7 or write: Lionci M. a
Mono", casino. Employment.
THE fmumbir.
no Equnnbln Lite nudist Society or the United Statenss Avrnuc oi the Amriieor. New York, New i'orlr loan
A- np-liawmmuy Employer, 11/: . o Ediiilalil. 1m
l||llllllllllllllllliliillllIlIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIIlllllIIlllllliillllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliillllllllllllltllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllilll
SPORTS
llllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllillllllllllillllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllltllllllllllllllllllllm
batman Face Luther
Final Home Meet
Grinnell’s travelers will host.
Luther College in party symposium tomorrow at l: 0. The
printers will seek to improve
their 55-1 dual meet record
which suffered two setbacks
against one victory in last
week’s competition. The bio—
needs lost to Dubuque (27-5) and
Cornell (4272) While depending
mae 24—16. The Cornell meet was
their first conference loss and
left their MCAC record at 4—1-1.
Previously interested Bill
Wedding and Don Kraitsik each
suffered losses Saturday. grant—
six won 2 DI 3 matches to move
his record to 871. Wedding’s
mark dropped to 6-2-1 as he
lost two and tied one match.
Tommorrow’s dual will be the
Pioneers last home meet oi the
season. it will also be the last
home appearance oi seniors Don
Kraitsik and Joel Richman.
Both placed favorites in last
year’s Conference meet and figure to be containers in their
classes again this season.
Classiﬁed Ads
Ever Want To
TEACH SCHOOL?
Unusual opportunity for young nieri
mid wooden in Florida No reaction
certification or college degree never-
snry.
Do you dualiiya
l. Graduate in the upper m or
‘your high school slow
2. no not smoke’
a. single» Acilvc’ Athletic?
Start reading course this winter,
train this summer on summer comp
start for will school term resident
internship.
prointcrnship brilliant, :his til- you
quality clips may or detected brown
summer camp compensation cost
segment.) All cash seems‘hits are in
sodium lo directory room and
board.
Teacher Contract
returns (as wk )
trained (it wk 1 “.500
Seniors (is wk ) $4,700 a. up
MAiL PERSONAL RESUME WITH
RECENT SNAPSHOT re “(‘5 ACA»
DEMIC METHOD, ro BOX 55m,
SARASOTA, FLA, 33519.
FREE RADIO TIME! All students and faculty eligible.
Apply to Tony kodak, %
KDIC's faculty mailing.
WELCOME TO one and all anytime our north Light is on.
Shel and julie kai‘zen.
FOR SALE: 1966 VW squad
back, perfect, new tires, overhauled. JD’S Restaurant. 2364900.
NOTICE: We've been open
Sunday from Noon to Ten for
five years. JD’s Restaurant.
HELP WANTED: 2 college men
to work alternate nights on
izza delivery. Inquire Pagiai‘s Pit-ta. was-saai earnings
or 23675097 days.
WANTED: Typing in my home.
Phone 236-5276, RR. I, Grinncll.
cash scguicnt
Si io scoop
“Bxl'liSI-I WORKERS put up with
ridiculously low under me the
ooncriir 0! (he welfare rings,
such I: subsidiary excellent
housing, medical care, :ubsidier
[or children .nd lol lilo. put
us is nor Mr. Ward: they in
content. Th. relay and more
And more small can is- all they
inns [ram lilu, provided they
don't h.vo to work too hard.
I! really it rernmrulsie how
people dislik.
ivorkinf."
for I or. (any
win. I. portion'o
NAVIONAL u.
VllW wait b.
c, had r. as sum.
N. 1. tools.
BASKETBALL
Midwest Conference Standings as of Wed. Feb. 12.
app.
Avg.
62.2
65.3
75.2
65.3
74.7
71.5
54.7
75.8
75.4
76.4
Avg.
i. Pts.
74.5
59.1
75.1
65.5
80.4
St. ala! l
4
4
5
5
7 6915
6
7
ll
10
Carleton
(Joe
Knox
plymouth
Lawrence
Beloit
Cornell
simon
Grinnell
62.4
70.3
67.7
67.4
~Nsmmq<q¢§£
Pioneer Victory
assets Barleton
The upset~linked Fioneers recorded their first Midwest Conference Victory Saturday by
morning technical Carleton,
7564. but their record shipped
to 1710 with la is to iso. 1 st.
Olaf on Friday, 76-62, and the
plymouth Fighting scott, 8574
on last Tuesday,
The Pioneers' victory, the
third of the season, was started
by Henry followed with 23
points and Henry vintage and
Tom Lower with 17 apiece. H01local granted 12 rebounds to
lead the team on defense. Lower
shipped in with s.
in the game with St. Olaf the
Pioneers held a 9-point lead With
less than two minutes in the
half but were [led by the Oles
at half time. The fatal scoring
brought listed several minutes
into the second period as the
Oles went on to victory.
With a chance to pull-out oi
the conference collar this weekend, the Pioneers will play
north place simon there, tonight
and will challenge Lawrence
University ot Appleton, his, on
Saturday. Coach power‘s unpredictable squad has the talent to
capture both contests and move
up the MCAC ladder.
Blades vs. Central
0n career Plaza
Live and exciting inter-collective ice hockey will come to
Grinnell tonight as the Blades
host Central College on harbor
Plaza at 7:30. This incentives
Day aitsir will be the first intercollegiate hockey contest to be
stated on the campus.
Tonight's skirmish will be the
second oi the season against
Central who previously edges
the Blades. 271. Coach Schaffer
guaranteed an actiohrpacked exciting game. As added incentive
the Blades will be seeking their
first season victory.
The Blade's record shipped
to on Sunday as they fell (53)
to iowa State for the Second
time this season. Player—Coach
Mike Schafter. Tom Jackson
and Grant Crandall scored hr
the Blades in a battle which was
played under protest.v
markers april'
AlNorih‘field
The Carleton swimming team
embarrassed Grinnell’s variety
64-31 on Friday, February 7.
While Carleton’s team spam
the fastest times in the conference this year in no less than
four events, the Grinnell team
turned in their worst performance of the season. Saturday
Grinnell beat St. Olaf easily,
winning 607.75. The variety’s
dual meet record is now four
“tips and two losses.
In a meet at Carleton on
Friday, the freshman swimming team detected Carleton,
St. Olaf, and Cornell, with victorian in seven of eleven events,
including the 400 wesley relay
(Schmidt, Ward, being, Cams;
412.0), the 209 free (sales
1 6)., the 299 Iranidlmi med;
let (Ward 2:21.31), the 200 butterfly (being 2:110), the 100
Free (Ward 52.4), the 500 free
(sales 5237.5), and the 400 free
relay (sales, Schmidt, being,
Cams; 3:318). In exhibition
races on February 8 at St. Olaf
John being broke the freshman
conference zoo butterﬂy record
with a time of 2:165 (Old record
2:167 by eastern of plymouth) and being, sales, Ward,
and cards broke the freshman
conference 400 free relay record
with a time of 13:32.9.
On Friday, February 14 Grinnell still swim Knox at home.
nesuns: orinnt-ll vs. Carleton
too MEDLEY RELAY: t. Carleton
(Edinonds, Gissclouist. can,
Adelinnn) dish 2
min FREE: l. Arncson (G) 1-59 (7:
1. Davidson (C); .t. Mcalrin (G)
50 FREE: l. collins (G) 24.1; 2.
heavy (C); 5. Brown (G)
zoo lNDiViDUAL MEDLEY. 1.
Meyer (5) 215.5; 2. Total (C).
3. Marriott (C)
DIVING: i. pro on (G) in. , 2.
Graham (5), prutteiin (C)
zoo BUTTERFLY: l. sherman (Ct
2m 6; 2, Gissolquisi (C): it. oil.
him (0)
low FREE: Rollin: (G) 523; 2.
Thin) (C); a. heavy (C)
2dr: BACKSTROKE. r.
(c), 2. rules (c). 3.
(Gt
5m FREE. 1. Arncson (Ct 577
2 Davidson (C); 3. Memo (a)
zoo BREASTSTR E, l. Gisscl»
qtllsf (C) 227.7, 2. meyer to):
:t MchHui-l (C)
409 FREE RELAY: l. Carleton
(Hall, Marriott, T el, Arnesnn)
a .57.5
RESULTS: Grinncll vs. 5:. olar
Alto MEDLEY RELAY. i, Grinnsll
(Williams, Meyer. Dale, Gordon)
4:04J
zoo FREE: i. Mcalnin (G) 201.5:
2, ticket (G); 3. Sialheini (o
god FREE: 1. collins (G) 21 - .
Noun“!!! (0): 3. Bollingnnni ( )
zoo lNDlVIDUAL MEDLEY' l.
Meyer (a) 2.1!.7. 2. Williams
to): 3. Mom (0)
DIVING. l. seller (0) “LB: 2
rronlicti (o) 102.]; a. aaron (o)
zoo BU‘ITERFLY: l. lliarns (G)
2: 2; 2. nulgcinin (0); a. Slallioim (0)
mil FREE: i, collins (G) 57.8: 2.
\vsnsinan t0): 3. Gordon 16)
zoo EAcKsrnoK l. christopher
(0) 22743.5; 7. sit-acknanisr (G):
a. upskirt (G)
500 FREE 1, Maoist» (G) 5:432;
LG Bdlinlhlm (0): a. xuuinuiii
( )
zoo haEAsrsrnonE: i. boost
(0) 2 2. Sialheim (0); s.
gilbert )
«to FREE kELAYl orlnnell (May
er, Gordon, Mcnlsin. collins)
um
2dmoiids
\vnlioins
 
 
bag. sight
SENATE CENSURES
ADMiNlSTRATION
Wednesday evening the senators path
fred corporation before an audience in
the South Lounge, 3 “substantial
change" from the past. The major subject, and the final one of the evening was
the matter at a response to the actions of
the means’ Office regarding last week's
demonstration, After considerable debate as to the role of the senate in functioning “guidelines”, the following mO‘
iron was passed:
“On February 5, l969, a number of
Grinnell College students participated in
a demonstration against playboy Magazine. Subsequent to that incident, the 0i—
1ice of the means of Students sent letters
to the Students participating in the demonstration. Copies of this letter have
been sent to the parents or these students. The demonstration themselves
were not informed of this notification until after it had been affected.
We seriously question the conduct of
the means' Otiice in handling the matter.
We believe the action to be disciplines
tony, arbitrary, and contrary to accepted
administrative practice.
The Grlnnlell College Senate there«
more respectively requests that the Stu<
sent Faculty Judicial Council consider
the following:
i) The action at the Dean‘l Oﬂice
. river above.
2) The existing college guidelines for
administration-parent contact cancoming indiana a1 students.
3) The possibilities of clarkﬁnation
and/oi- extension at these guidelines.”
A second motion, also related to the
demonstration was passed unanimously.
Acting under the belief that the Attorney
General's investigation extends beyond
the implications of the February 5th demonstration, the senate stated, “. . .As
both the implications and results of such
An investigation are possibly fundamental
to the college, its ideals, and goals, we
not only remind members of the college community, but encourage them to
exercise their respective privileges to
withhold information from the representatives of the Attorney General, unless
Iubpoenaed."
SCARLET AND BLACK
Orchesus will present a unique program oi modern dance,
Friday Ind
Saturday earnings at 8:00 pm. in liberal Theater.
Orchesus Concert Tonight
Members at Orchesis have been rehearsing for the past three weeks {or
their first performance oi the year. The
pogram will be presented in Roberts
Theater on February 14, 15 at 8 pm
Seven of the eleven numbers that the
group will do were choreographed by
students. Works by students were sub—
fitted early in the ﬁrss semester to the
Board of Orchesis which is made up of
the officers of the group, The Board then
chose the seven cancer which will be
seen this weekend along with four others
choreographed by Mrs. Voertman, the
instructor and advisor for Orchesis,
The music used in the program will
range from thirteenth and iourteenth can—
turn baroque to permission jazz. A solo,
cancer and choreographed by Louise
Udaykee will utilize a poetry reading
by Dylan Thomas and a film made especially for the dance. appropriations by
F055 and electronic music by Stockhausen
 
BEYMER’S
King's Food Host U.S.A.
One Group
Name Brand
SKIRTS AND
SWEATERS
Value: to $20.00 Ea.
OW
2 .. $15"“
counters
lliii Ave. sessions, Inc.
Grinneil's complete
Style Shop For Women
SOMETHING NEW
EVERY DAY
Store Hours:
Noon 'Til 9 bondage;
9 ‘Til 5 Tuesday iiiru Saturday
will be used in a highly unusual work by
George Kim. The president of Orchesis,
Dick party, has choreographed a mom
traditional narrative dance to a homeland
symphony, Also included, will be two
very unusual cancer by Mrs. Voertman,
one using electronic music by The Pink
Floyd and another using donate for Tape
Player by Paul Zonn,
Orchesis is completed of fighters women and six men. There will be an additional tour men and three women in
the Orchesis program. The group feel:
that this year’s perioirnance will be more
contemporary, innovative and experimental than any in past years.
Passport and
Graduation Photos
SUMNER
Photography
“who binary in Studio Photography iron. iii. use.l in it.
unusual."
808 Commercial
236-5 578
Filthy. february i4, im
} Sit-In
(Continued mm Page ii)
years at the University at Chicago. Surlveys indicate that female students are
more holiday behind the protest than men.
Why are they still mere? one student,
alter 12 days in who building, replied
"I voted against the sit-in because
don’t believe in discipline protest, i am
. not a sociology major and will never
have airline for a class. Yet, nonrpar<
occupation is an act against the ship. I
thought, ‘Suppose it was one of my
teachers, that I really dig and found I
coupon’t learn from her any more} l'd
have to know Whyl We tried to ﬁnd
out why in simon’s case but everyone,
the faculty, the means, the president,
all refused to answer. To be faithful to
my beliefs in education, I had to sit-in.”
The enjoying fame of educational advancement has held the group to<
gather. They tool at this pain: that it
they iert "nothing would be done, it
we stay at least there is hope." It
is unlikely that the protest will end
without defining administrative action.
The student body questions the validity of this farm of protest. They fear it
will engineer the University's position.
However. the majority of students and
many faculty sympathize with the ideals.
Ono non-party part commented, “it
sure is dumb Lu: it’s at least {1“ 3 av:
anyone think." Everyone involved with
the University or Chicago is thinking.
and the outcome should be significant
to universities and colleges across the
country.
can
Student Roles Discussed
A group of concerned students held I
meeting Sunday to discuss a number of
college academic problems rendering on
the responsibilities of both faculty and
students and on student power. calculated by the termination of Prof. garden’l
contract, the meeting was attended by a
number or faculty members. seven bio:
logo motors, members or the radical
education project, a number of student
advisors, and other concerned student].
strong statement was expressed in
favor 01 greater student representation
in college policy decisions, particularly
in the hiring and timing of faculty. The
designation of Dean Stauss also stimulat.
ed interest in the possibility of making
large-scale changes in the college academic structure and attitudes. It had
been reported that Stauss proposed in his
designation speech a number of radical
changes [or Grinnell. Stauss’s racoms
conditions will be made public later.
Those at the meeting indicated interest
in continuing and expanding discussions.
 
LOOK!
in Addition To Our 14 Kinds of Plum
We Offer You Excellent tried Chicken, Shrimp. and Pﬂ‘dl.
PAGLIAI'S
"The Pizza People"
236-5331
NOTI . . . Effective Monday. Feb. 10. A X5: Delivery Charge will 5. mud.
on all Orders under $1.50.
HOURS: Monday and Wednesday Ilirli Saturday 5 pm. - I mm.
Sunday 5 sun, - Midnight — Closed Tuesday:
ADDRESS HERE:
 
