’ Scanner BLACK
GRINNELL COLLEGE
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1969
”The Newspaper Iowa Printers brown Upon”
A NOTE FROM THE EDITOR—~w-As you might have reduced by now, the charles g Black is
encountering difficulties in its attempts to locate a printer in the facility of
Grinnell who will print the student newspaper of the college without measuring it.
We designated our contract with the Newton Daily News after E.K. Shaw,
publisher of the News, deleted words from the No‘. lb and the Nov. 21 issues of
the S&B. Shaw claimed that the words (one of them was ”masturbating”) were
”dirty” and refused to print them in his shop,
t
David Sutherland, of the Sutherland Printing Company in Montezuma, agreed on
Nov. 2b to print today‘s issue of the §§§a At that time he said he would print
anything the college sponsored without measuring it.
However, last Monday Sutherland called Prof, members Prescott (advisor to
Student Publications) to say that he had changed his mind and would not print the
§§§a According to Prescott, Sutherland said he had conducted his attorney, who
advised him that ”he would get more brief than profit“ if he printed the §§§.
Prescott indicated that Sutherland was concerned with "community pressure" that
might result if he printed the §g§. (Sutherland, by the way, is an olympus
of Grinnell .)
Prescott said that Sutherland also told him that a linotypist refused to
set any §§§ copy in type, although I had not yet submitted any copy to be set
at Montezuma. Apparently the so—called typesetter got cold feet not because
§§§ copy was "observe,” but rather because it was ”unseen,"
Anyway, we coupon1t find a new printer in time to publish a regular issue
today. However, Winston Watson, publisher of the Cedar Valley daily Eimgg in
hilton, has agreed to print next week‘s §§§—~uncensored,
In the dealtime, I hope this "§§§ Special” will tide things over until next
week. Multilithed at the college‘s Service Bureau, it includes several news briefs
and a letter to the editor from President Glenn suggest on what he calls "the
protection of distant and the prevention of violence at Grinnell,"
I apologize to §§§ readers for the recent inconvenience, but it's beyond my
control, As far as freedom of the press is concerned, America is a gap,
w—Michael J. Brandon
 
5W»—
TUITION RAISE ANNOUNCED——~An increase of $250 in next year's comprehensive fee was
announced by President Glenn suggest in a letter to parents of Grinnell studentton
Nov. 29. The increase includes a $225 raise in tuition over this year and a board
increase of $25.
largest attributes the increase to the necessity of meeting higher wage and
salary demands and to the general inflationary trend which is forming operational
costs toward.
The Grinnell comprehensive fee for the l970~7l academic year, which assumes
that operational costs will increase at the rate of eight per cent, will be
$3525. According to suggest, the fee will continue to represent two—things of
the actual costs of a student‘s education at Grinnell.
FINALS AS USUAL———Despite the fact that the Vietnam Moratorium will councils with
first semester final examinaticnSon Dec“ 12—13, the faculty voted Monday "to
sphere to the final examination schedule as published.” The motion, which had
the support of both the faculty Executive Council and Academic Standing Committee,
was approved on a voice vote with only two may votes”
Dean Joseph F. Wall told the faculty that students who wish to portions a
final in order to participate in Moratorium activities must have the approval
of the instructor and the college registrar.
In a related matter) the faculty detected on a h2~h5 written ballot a motion
by faculty chairman John Kleinschmidt that the faculty observe future Moratoriums
in a spirit of business as usual.
J.C, HEPRIMANDS SCHWARTZ———The student‘faculty Judicial Council announced Monday
that it had found Steve Schwartz, assistant student coordinator ”guilty by his
own admission" and recommended him for “drinking alcoholic beverage in a public
place.”
Schwartz was taken before the Council by resident advisor Dennis Donham, who
caught him drinking wine at a served meal in the Quad king Hall. Student member of
the Judicial Council Nick pussy issued a presenting opinion, agreeing with Schwartz
that the rule in the Student Handbook is "invalid.”
 
December
Mr Mliil- Hyundai”
Editor
started and Black
Grinnell College
Dear Mike:
You and l have talked several times about distant and discussion at
Grinnell, and I thought I might offer some of my views on these matters for
your readers. You will recall in my remarks to the faculty on the ”state
of the College” {which you appointed in the November 2l issue of the S"B)
that I touched on some of the problem connected with the emotional climate
of the campus, particularly the difficult one of drawing the line between
the protection of criticism and distant and the prevention of actions that
would interface or threaded to interface with the established and scheduled
programs of the College. whether they be academic or extravcurricular or
social.
All of us here at Grinnell want an environment in which students and
faculty feel free to criticism the policies oi the College or the society
outside. The process of examining. of functioning, of asking why or shoot. of free inquiry generally, is crucial to the kind of education G'i
is supposed to stand for. The right or extras ing criticism and dosage
ment is part of the process So also. we all need to be reminder oc a
ally. i the right to disagree with those who disagree. The name that edt‘
national institutions most frequently give to 'is process of free inquiry
and the right of students. faculty, and vi itoi to the campus to expreSs
different points of view 5 "academic freedom.” In its application, the
words usually mean the right of processors to teach what they believe is
permanent to the ' subject, of scholars to engage in the inquiry and investigation that serves tu advance knowledge. and of students to learn and to
express their views. free from treasures or interference from outside.
The tradition of Grinnell College as a sanctuary for this kind of act—
comic freedom i‘ a long one; and careful publication of the tradition is
perhaps the chief reason why the College has been able to attract the respect and infection of superior teachers and students. The tradition has
not made the College an especially popular institution: that is. ”popular”
in the sense that its members are regarded as thinking and speaking and
acting in ways that do not upset or threaded conventional or safe days of
doing things. In fact. the College has taken this risk oy trying to main,
main an environment in which crisis ‘m and distant may be freely extra-see.
The result i. a liberal campus. her; role ant. and from within and without
open and compatible to social and political permission of all sorts. includ—
ing a1 time. the ill-informed and the additionally motivated
The risk, I \hlnlx. has been well worth taking It has helped make
Grinnell a likely and stimulating place for students. faculty. and viSitor
has attempted di\llngulshed scholars and centuries; has graduated people
with superior insights into and ronald [or their price . and public region»
mobility s; and. all in all. has added Gtinncll in making a mark in the
world rat beyond what its powers in numbers or material resources would such
.3 possible i lLlC sm an distant have also helped make Grinnell a
college in st! lcll‘ ((‘let:;\llrllli\l terms. It has been more open than
v:P\ :» acht<. c pxpvtimontalion. 1o changes in social rcguliliw
l..e.one ways at doing things gt really.
. and ‘ 01' )our readers. I hope the College can continue its
hunt ~. ‘2 . Aw upon old free environment. But there are some threesome lens horizon hi \ we used to refer to. and take a stand
again-4 as the A14 prior of the majority shows an occasional sentence
>1 home replaced by another l’ll.d of abustvo power. that of the minority.
One wants to be \ ' clear hero. The existence of minority groups, whether
racial. social, or planned developmental, is essential; their points of view
 
started with all. around and frequently provide the impacts needed to get con—
structure things underway. The environment of a liberal campus ought to
accommodate these points of view, even when th sheet ic and the banners of
their spokesman border on the abrasive. ltieally. the extra. ion of differ—
ent points of view is 591ticoffecting, in the ' .se that uhcn they come together in the mail<et~place of ideas on the camps~ what is wise, possible,
and human will eventually prepaid.
This position, however, has always tested on the assumption that argu—
ment and disagreement will be based on the ground rules of rational discuss
sign: that is to say, on at least a medical of reliability in Se]f»rest’rain—
ing civilian, on the absence of ad women Q agreements, and of armetwisting
creation. The ground»rules are seldom observer’ perfectly, of course: one
makes appliances for an excess of member in a please discussion when beliefs
and opinions are strongly held, But, as l related a few moments ago, I
think we sometimes title . at Grinnell a degree of visibility and business
that is increasingly C1)SG to optimization. I referred to it. as the abu—
site power of the minor ty, in the belief that most students and faculty
are not involved in it but rather victims ol‘ it.
As president, I am most cTithall\ aware of it when visitors -» invited
speakers> parents. alumni, and friends —7 are on the campus. Let me say
quickly that I am not reading of what those of my age with a showing metal
topic rate refer to as youthful high links or of the natural enthusiasm oi
colleagues to have run at the expense or their orders. I do not refer to
”spontaneous happenings” or the OB Squad (at its best) or student refer—
endums or proposals. I refer rather to that l t. nk is an oyeriy sells
conscious attempt to sense the opportunity presented by a capture audience
to contract visitors by actions deSigned to ”tell it like it i.." Because
the actions are not reply. 1latin0 or the majority of students ind faculty,
they give an images 'nn o the College that is partial and educational. The
tolerance of most students and faculty accommodates such optics rather easily
Grinnell is a place where people who want to do their own thing tend to be
regarded with inc‘currency or agreement or real equipment.
but visitor to the c;cpu., whether they b alumni or parents or other—
wise, tend to have far lower thresholds of tolerance. No one wants them
presented with a sticker up and smoothed down show in which we all. became
like Madison Avenue angels, We area't up to that kind of hypocrisy, and
even if we were, alumni and parents. especially th» latter, would see
through us immediately. All l me n is that our visitors ought to have the
opportunity to see. us for our real variety ol’ temperature., our construction
instances as well as our disorderly ones. our solid as well as our silly
side . We depend upon our \editors‘: especially alumni and parents, for much
of the moral and material support that makes the College 90. We get it by
letting them see the whole of a likely college in action, not by intimidat—
ing them into beginning that this campus is a place where everyone's notion
of distant and protest is estimated in melodramatic and exclusive ways.
About such match)" or attitude and beta moral style there is probably
very little the administration of the College can do. The power of the
College tests on the authority of rational discussion between learners and
teachers and on the liabilities procedures of due process: in short, on
the commitment to academic freedom. The Collcrze has no police force; its
doors. real and decorative, are open. E cost for necessary security against
fire, theft, and dalvrage. students, faculty. and vi .lord come and go rather
much as they plee . Such an environment ought to be < model of how civil—
ized people can live together when they believe the privilege Ql expression
their feelings injury the obligation or letting others have the same privilege. To take the privilege and not the obligation in one constitutional
behavior is discourteous. To exercise the privilege why really is tyranny,
and a denial of how any community; especially an academic community, ought
to be operations ll we see) to he l':had;ng toward such an url‘or senate state
of affairs, then we ought to have some open»explore exchanges among ourselves
in hopes that we can find a way to change our direction, for we are all
 
i3,
accountable to one another, as well as to past and future students and fax—
ulty, on what defines the emotional climate of this campus.
So far I've been talking about what I think are problems in the emotional
climate in a way that I hope w'll promote discussion and construction responses
I lay no claim to being precisely accurate in my analysis about exhibitionism
and emotional optimization, nor have I suggested that I have solutions ready
at hand. About the question of preventing violence on the campus I haven‘t
spoken at all, partly because I do not regard such a possibility as component
with the style of this place, partly because whatever I say about it might be
regarded as prospective, or paranoid, or as a right set of subscriptions
which would be applicable to any or all circumstances. But I do have to say
that if there were such a thing as a leisure of a building or indeed any action
that could clearly be interpreted as an attempt to discuss the activities of
this College and bring them to a statistics, I would move without meditation
to stop it. In my absence, I would expect Dear: Wall or any properly devil—
rated person to proceed in the same way.
There is not much that can be said beyond these things. Definitions of
what is threatened discussion and what is actual discussion are conditional
always by actual circumstances; and procedures for handling them have to be
similarly available. I would always hope that persons thinking of disrup—
time tactics would see the Foolishness of their ways before they go too far
and that other persons would advise them to have better sense and to keep
the possibility of discussion open. I would hope too that if we did have a
discipline incident, we would be able to handle it interfaces, using our
procedures for hearing and judgment, and without the need of inspections or
other actions by civil authorities. Obviously, if my hope proved a main one,
I would not heritage to have resource to whatever civil actions appeared
guarantee by the circumstances.
All that can really be said, therefore, is that as chief executive offer
her of the College I would be remind in my responsibilities if I did not,
when the occasion aroset make a Judgment between what is simply distant and
what is discipline, and then act accordingly, quickly and relatively, The
authority of this College is an idea, not a thing of physical power, and
those who would possibly discuss the College would be using it as a phase—
cal instrument to serve ends that the means itself would village. Professor
Northrup Frye, in his ”Ethics of Change,” says it as well as anyone:
We still need royalty to something with enough authority to
form a community. .something that fulfils and does not diminish
the individual. Such an authority can ultimately only be the
kind of authorit} that education embedded. The authority of the
logical argument, the reasonable experiment, the established
fact, the completing work of art, is the only authority that exists no boys or minutes.
I appreciate the opportunity of writing you and would welcome discussing
these matters with any representative group of students or faculty.
Sincerely yours ,
50m
Glenn L agent
President
 
