 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page Two
SCARLET AND BLACK
Thursday May 29, I969
 
EDITORIALS
surface to the Last Edition
This week’s 5&3 is not Intended to be a newspaper. The content is not news as
I oh, but a presentation of student problems, concerns, values, and attitudes. The
primary function of this publication is to help clarity and establish the meaning and
Implications of announcement for the student, to those who are not ultimately ln<
solved in the college situation.
People were invited to write what they wishes concerning their Grinnell experience or particularly important aspects of their lives in order to monkey the “character” of Grinnell students (this does not reply one character). Thus there are only
two news stories, one concerning the faculty’s latest across concerning ROTC, and
the trial of those involved in the Playboy demonstration. These are included not
only for their news-containers, but because they are indicating of the concerns und
behavior of the college student.
The next few days' events will mark the turning point in many people's lives.
Hopefully some of the questions asked in this paper will help students and visitors
to better understand the meaning of theSE days, and the behavior of the senior class.
Whose Needs—Will You Fulfill?
To many receiving diplomas Friday, announcement will he a very disappointing affair. They have realized that the liberal arts education has only furnished half
of the function it has been assigned in its licensing educational endeavor. Many feel
that the college has been unable to thoroughly adopt to the students’ new notifications.
The college has duties to consider in relationship to both its students and the
society. Each group has its views and expectations of a college education which
educational policy makers consider in their planning. These expectations are becoming more and more distant, as the student develops a new orientation toward the society. How does the institution accommodate its policies to both elements when the
two elements are becoming so different? It is apparent that the institution has not
been able to properly adopt to these demands.
The educated individual joins a class and has an expected role in the society.
determined by the societal forms. The completion of college marks a level of
achievement qualifying him for a position in the system. Thus the society views the
institution of higher learning as a source for manpower to prime its system. The
liberal arts college as well as the more career oriented technical schools are equally valuable sources of supply. The student in the liberal arts institution for some
time saw particular‘on in the society as the logical way of exploring what he gained
from his liberal education. Thus the student's view of the function of his education
was the same as the society’s.
The liberal arts student body has less of a desire to join the society and finds
that his liberal arts education is not necessarily compatible with the societal norm.
For example, a business administration major, flat member. at a large university is indootrinated to the class and moves of a society he wishes to join. Also ho
is taught the skills best enabling him to “fit in.” The liberal arts student is given
neither these Skills nor desired by his education. His open mind and individualistic
values often make his self-concept basically different from his technically oriented
counterpart. Four years or investigation new visual, and accepting new points of
view, make him less suited for participation in the society in the way that is traditionally expected of college graduates.
The liberal arts process some how produces “liberal” students (radicals too) who
are less able or willing to int into or participate in the society in the way traditionnlly expected by the society. Those who determine the educational policy of the institution, however, continued functioning as if students were oriented to societal participation and gear their policy to those expectations of education envisioned by the
society. This is estimated in two ways: first in the immediate technical politics of
trading, comprehensives, requirements, and motors. These are expected forms that
education should take in the eyes or society, but are less accepted by the student.
Policy makers. however, refuse to indicate, evaluate and structure education with
the same orientation that students have.
The more tar reaching policies are really in need of change to become consist»
out with student’s point of View. The institution's greatest failure is that it
generates and allocated students from social participation, without providing alter—
native modes of relating to society. Change is the immediate concern but the educa
tion gives little or no orientation toward such activities. The education is irrelevant
because it fails to provide for the student's needs. The Student wants his education
to give him tools to deal with his new values about his relationship to the society,
while the institution continues to provide an educational policy which is intended to
connect traveling students into the system.
Students are interested in affecting change and leading the values of society.
in order for this to occur, however, the college institution must recognize this new
goal and gear its policies accordingly. This will demand that the institution itself
become a leader of new values in society, by allowing for an education that response to the student’s needs not to the society’s expectations. The educational ln<
selection has a role of education students as well as society. It’s time to take on
this much needed role as leader of society.
W
> Gui" human body “good and beautiful," Miss
Y calcium denied having been lead or
observe and shortly on cited Playboy.
“lt's constitution on paper." she said.
Miss Nelson struggled to hold back
tears while on the witness Stand as she
spoke the words of a song the prices—
toys had song while addressed at the
lecture: “You've got to walk that lonesome valley; You've got to walk it by
yourself.”
which asked german. “You
think listening was observe or
car?”
The youth replied: “No, l was born
naked.”
(Continue man Page 12)
“racing us in so highway on what was
innocent and observe."
Eye-witnesses to the visiting incident certified Monday and identified the
dependence as those who had taken off
their clothes. However, upon cross-examination by Johnston, every eye-witness certified that he had seen nothing
observe or lead about the nudity.
On Tuesday all eight attendance took
the stand to explain their reasons for
participating in the protest. Calling the
don't
jul—
talk of the town
By FREDRICKA NELSON
drugs: a message from phoebe snow.
the fact is: most children (?) smoke
pot today. this wireless weed is consumer by young people who want to
take the time to perceive their world in
a showed down, more impersonal way.
they enjoy the returns of pot-smoking and
are collectors of corporate material and
verbal abstracts that respect the treasures oi drug use. In contrast to the sun
suit of same and quiet pleasure, theory
is a place of strange contracts. the
young are called adolescent when they're
not, and inexperienced which they area't.
they’re measured against something that
shouldn't exist to be sent to good schools
where they can team to interface themselves in the face of these parameter.
they're expected to meet people who
don’t exist and fraternize with ideas
that never are the reality they see.
before the mass media watched onto the
nipple movement, the drug cultures on
campus were small and quite exclusive.
to those select few who used drugs the
vast majority of the campus was religious — pursuant its own academic thing
and using alcohol as its francis escape.
only a. few of us remember the “druggies" oi past glory. those individuals
usually had the gets to leave the college in one way or another. otherwise,
they were a very silent, though none-topless visible minority, who were of interest only to a few understand, concert
breaks. when the sex and the longhorn
enjoyed their golden era — two or
three years ago -— the druggies were
portable, but just barely, and the whole
scene was too cool to be tracked. you
ask about the sudden mushrooming or
drugs and we answer with a police que-
E:
L TTERS
Torr delivered
T0 the Editor:
Curtis Tarr goes to work for the militaristic machine, undoubtedly knowing
for what he will be working at this
late date in history, and Grinnell College gives him an contrary Doctor of
humans Letters Degree. In so doing this
institution constitutes Whatever booty
ideals it now or has Ever had.
The reason for the printing of the
contrary degree is Tarr's work for the
ACM for the last row years: his future
line of work was known when he was
chosen to be hundred. but those choosing
either did not care about his future
occupation, or they felt that a man’s
his can be separated into parts, some
parts being hundred and others not.
Either of these reasons is appearing. A
disregard for his future occupation is
worthy of nothing belt contents. And a
belief that a man is not the same man
six months ago as he is now seems Incredible. An attempt to overcome the
future work of 3 man and instead concentrate on his past shows a useful lack
of knowledge and reason, not to mention
some thickness.
Wake up, Grinnell. Look at your
world and come to your lenses.
Friday’s announcement activities provide a real opportunity for Grinnell college students, faculty, administration
and parents to see both institutionalized
complexity (in the War) and the moral
thickness of this college at one and the
same time, This year the college, in
the name of the entire college community
and its friends, is printing an contrary
degree to a man who Wlll soon be work—
ing as an Assistant secretary of Manpower for the United States Air Force.
TED GLICK
die: who blow the traditional scene? who
tracked that small, cool society and
spread it from coast to coast across this
formidable nation? don’t ask students,
since their answers area’t expression of
the problem or the solution, the des
movies register and the news magazines
like time have had a much greater effect on the "market” than the under:
ground press. mass circulation, that
calculated mass authority and expert.
migration, is the scapegoat and its careers are the capitalist muckrakers who
feed the public’s desired for the different, the eccentric, the dramatic and the
young. what could be more interesting
and receiving than the stories of suburban debt and their amphetamine — bad
trip — love affairs with death and other
social sellers called euphoria and stack.
who loved the sara of the rise and fall ol
the drug town, san francisco, from its
quaint beginning to its condition after
two years? and all that marijuana in
the high schools? heaven forced, Said
the reading public, who bought their true
news just the same.
how else could a minority of such little
mention as the drug culture have gotten
so many absent authority seekers to her
door. authority is the first step to ex.
peﬁmigration, and where the scientific
View of knowledge and education prev
valid, one can expect absent research
into every dimension of a problem(?).
to “know” one needs experience — try to
get a. secretariat or construction ion —which even a child of twelve can find by
following up a basic social truth. pot is
ancient and highly respected by many
cultures . . . america is unprecedented
.are the indicate circles
weddings. .
that we make to surround ourselves in
custom. . .they are that certain tone or
voice projected by two people to their
witnesses. . .tones that celebrate tradition and speak for the art of love.
they are the communities that the public
demands before it can recognize itself [0
the fact of love. .and to love’s children.
weddings are occasions that make a way
or life eligible to our orders.
The charles & Black
student Newspaper of
Grinnell College,
Grinnell, Iowa
An independent news
Enilm river published weekly.
3‘” Mg except found holidays
’ and cxammaﬂon Denodsi
3 u, the charm ca...
F title: on Student public e um... sun-mu...
Wmstﬂﬁ“ rare took) per
year.
school
Editor
Business Manager
Associate Editor .. nAvli) scan.
beginning Editor em. RAFFEIITY
Newxidltor .. MICHAEL BRANDON
SUsAN mesa
okucc smoM
 
Vii-buddy May 29. i061
SCARLET AND BLACK
h9- Thru
 
The 60's: A Decade of Change
By TERRY PARSSINEN
Asst. proc. oi History
Author‘s note: I was asked to write
a place comparing the present student
mood to that which presented in me
early stories, when i was ii student
here.
Perhaps two incidents that occurred in
my sophomore year, 1960—61. best iiidi<
(Late the diﬂcreates between my student
generation and yours. During the “rock
election at Grinneii in the fill, Kennedy
was country better by simon. Later that
year. a group at rwcnlycdd athletes
Attacked and shaved the head of one of
Grinneli's ﬁrss “beatniks” (we had no
nipples then), for no other reason than
that his long hair somehow oriented
them
In the context oi the present campus
mood, oi course, these events seem like
medieval atuvisms. ‘i'tough extreme,
both events spring iron: the same perception: we were years to a country,
a college, and a his-style that were not
in need at fundamental change. Adjust—
ment. perhaps, but not change. We were
crew—cut, clean-Cut Young Democrats or
Young Republicans, depending upon our
merchant for such adjustment. Although
we were various about The Bomb, we
were basically optimistic about the inmm.
1 think that our quietism, as compared
to your activity, was not a result oi any
great difference between us. We, too,
came streaming in front upper middle
cuts futures, proudly displaying our
Ni-is centsﬁrates and our applicable
high school records. What has happened
is that two events — the Black Movement and the Vietnam War — have interested between you and us, and made
it impossible for your generation to accept things as they came to you.
in 1963, we perceived only that small
part of the Movement that was bound
on be Visible ﬁrss: the struggle for legal
equality. computation, when it came,
’Waii between men like Martin Luther
King, jr., and Bull longer. What was
at stake was whether blacks could attend
better schools, use waiting rooms, and
vote. And votes Could any sensitive man
(all to understand that this was a struggle between Right and Wmng? Could
any intelligent man mail to predict that
still: Enabiishment — after receiving a
now embarrassing join — would disown
die Bull soldiers, Ind make the dictionary adjustments to include the blacks?
Watts and “Black powers" were still two
years away, and no one. in his highest
knnasies. could have projected black
students carrying guns at I liberal university.
Likewise. the war in Vietnam was no
more than an irritant, not so munich because it was wrong, but because it was
unsuccessiul. This, like other parties in
the Cold War, was simply an uniorumate, though necessary episode in a long
series oi ooni’lots with the columnists.
Even those oi us who hoped for a defense
between the U.S. and tile 0.8.8.11. would
not have argued for the immorality at
American intervention in Guatemala.
lebanon, or Cuba. The rules M conduct
for nations like those for men in a HobbeBiun state of nature, were not remembered by concern low- mobility. This
attitude carried over into the leading
radical student organization or the early
1960's, the Student Peace Union, and its
adult counterpart. SANE. We shared not
thai our leaders would act generally,
but that they would act ioolishly. During
the human missile crisis, for example,
we were less concerned about the moral
question oi integration than we were
about the danger oi a nuclear war.
Since 1963, the “liberal center has
been equipped brown American imperialism." to quote Andrew hopkins. and the
Black Movement has turned out to be incredible more complex than anyone
could have examined. The institutions
and persons responsible for resulting the
machinery and perpetuating the American Dream have failed. Above all, our
faith in the responsibility or a democraticaliy—elected government to the will
at the electorate has been shared, or
even trusted. The presentation of in:
war, and the continued reflect or do
celtic problems have made a society
of this belief.
Under these circumstances, it is not
surprising that a substantial part or your
generation prefers either to attack or opt
out of the institutions and life-style that
my generation accepted. There were, at
course, dissidents among us, but their
despite never led to a typical attitude
toward the entire system inn: is president among many oi you. in some ways,
this cynicism, ads automatic disrespect
for authority has been productive. On
one level, it has forced some Americans
to recognized the moral implications 01‘
their country’s inrcigu policy. Closer to
home, it has led to a functioning or
every faces of university regulations and
traditions. Black students have made
universities aware of their moral obligation to minority groups, and white radi<
cars have made universities recognized
the propriety oi the traditional trading
system, research-oriented societies, and
integral lies to the military-industrial
complex. Together, black and white students have forced a restructuring oi
universities. For these and other contributions you deserve our thanks and
our praise.
It is a professional axiom that every
victorian is a capture or his times. To
some extent, his contemporary corrections necessarily affect the way in which
he views the past. I believe that this his
sight is also applicable to student carter
athens. Certainly my generation was a
capture or the ohucry optimize oi early
Kennedy years, In the same way, your
generation is the capture oi the history
at the last four years, the extent, for
most of you, oi your political conciousIiess. Seeing both the domestic and foreign situations demonstrate in that time,
Come 0! you conclude that they cannon
improve. Revolution or collapse are the
only alternatives. The historic of student radicalism echoes the apocalyptic
properties of earlier religious and secu<
Jar revolutionaries who were at the bring
of despite. These anarchists and millenarians are now roommates to history,
and the depending doom that they predicted never came to pass. They were
decided by their selective and simplified
reading or events, as we were at the
beginning of this decade, and as some or
you are at its and.
YOU'RE GRADUATING?
Well, Pin a Rose On You!
BATES FLOWERS
TOO LATE FOR WORDS
By LEE MARIL
Seniors are no more, has becrls, alumni, and seniors wait in the summer
wings for the due to begin their final
year. Renaissance, reports, etc, reputation oi the same hopes, failures, perhaps achieved goals, perhaps not. But
it all dress't end with the diploma bit
on graduation day and as principal is
about to become a sign in the rear-view
mirror the described driver has just a
(cw last desperate words.
And they are to before, to plan
ahead, to watch out, to realize that {our
years goal accordingly last, that
Look Back in Anger
By DAVID SWEE
In looking back at Grinnell four year:
ago, it is easy to laugh at the silly practices and the ridiculous rules that were
then truly enjoy'ccd: costs and ties at
late dinner; women’s hours, 12:00; fresh<
men women hours, 10:30, until they
“demonstrated" that they would be
“good"; North-male, Southriemaie and
never the train shall meet ‘i'are skills”
on South Campus only; wrapping, which
was against the rules but was practices anyway, while the administration
turned its back; real “housemothers”,
but only on South Campus; open rooms
every Sunday. 2-5; three lounge parties
a semester with two hours oi legal open
forms; liquid was “naughty” on much oi
South Campus; pot in Langan; woodSies:
waierhalloons in Cowles; water lights;
animation all over, and the administrha
tion unconcerned; “It's tonight as long
as i don’t know about it."
Four years later all oi this is guuc
But the changes have brought new ques»
tions. When is SAGA going to start doing things which students want? (What's
so impossible about a Sunday bluiich,
lib:00?) Why Can't more forms be
'made cold? When is the Resident Advisors program going to be turned into
something effective, as opposed to something haphazard? how long will students
present to obey the mighty-four hours oi
legal opens? How many obey them now?
when is the administration going to allow students to run their own lives?
When is it going to recognize that students can be adults it treated as such?
When is the administration going to
com out with a good drug statement,
like their position on liquid, which is that
it is the: student's responsibility to obey
the it’ll! law. and the administration
will not interests? Has mimaiism really
died, or is it just riding in liable? And
is anybody going to do something about
it? with the new “concern" for the std<
cents, how come the student advisor
program is so house? And why is the
college paying them $14,000 when they
are so desperate for money that they are
asking student government to fund a
sex education program? Finally, with all
oi the new “communication" how come
the administration ls hiring a particular resident advisor couple when this
year‘s resident advisory and the many
students who met them all recommend
that they not be hired? is anybody
really listening?
dreams about graduate schools, mar.
ridge, liic, remain dreams as long on
there is a war in some heaven-knowswhere country where the people anyellow and eat rice all day.
And they are to sit down now, while
there is still time to think, and wonder
What you are going to do when the no<
iicc Comes in the mail and you‘re not
really ready for it. Plan now what you
are going to have to race in (our year:
or less; there may still be a war, perhaps a new war in Thailand, Korea, or
who knows Where, and the problem!
will remain the same.
Whether it’s Vietnam or anywhere
else the same balance must be reached
between ideals, conference, and reality,
and in the process as few people must
be advertise affected as possible. And
you, or course, are one or those people,
I didn't really believe that your years
later there could still be a war and
that, despite the supposed place talks,
there could be a few, if any, signs of
all incident peace. But that is exactly
the case and here we all are, at least
me, out in the cold rain with a paper
umbrella,
And so i want to say a lot of things
About the identifies oi the system, the
insurance of the present draft, the authorities oi the armed services (God
bless them), and the authorities of War.
But the time has already passed for
such words and it's really just a little
bit too late. I’m tired of Saying such
words and l marine that each person
must face up to the reality oi the siiu<
still in his own good time. And so I
leave ii at that.
r:
268 Future People
announcement
liaiisiheniiis
By KATHY BULL
Grinneli is excellent another credits
graduation class from her bomb. loops,
inn the world. Labor paint began WedA
today evening when the seniors web
treated to dinner at the specials Quadrangle dining room. The displayed replica oi the president's metallica forwardéd to G. F. Crandall anyway,
and the alumni awards went to '1‘. Jr
cricket: and K. .i. madison. Bacon
lawrence will be lite first truly solemnizing event or the Weekend. it will
be at B p.111. tonight in service Chan
per with Kathy madison, Mary careful
and robert barnes homiiizing.
Tomorrow, Friday, May 30. 1989, A. D.,
It 2 pm. “acid Hughes will “Search
for a Contemporary Context" and thu
graduation class or 1969 will receive their
passport: to the future,
BLASSIFIED ADS
you SALE: A 1938 quick Touring began
(2-door). In excellent running condition and very reasonably priced. contact G, p. similar, ext. 232 or 236451221,
FOR SALE: Very the-p, 50cc Hondrnotorcycie. In excellent condition,
most, $50. That's defining. Or may.
an offer. That's deﬁsite, too. Call 0v
627i).
CONGRATULATIONS!
We Salute You, Class of '69
Swede's Grinneil Laundry
 
SCARLET AND BLACK
Thursday. May 19, mo
generating Liberal Art‘s?"
A Century Without Change
By TOM GREENFIELD
Every so often the tube runs a ten
year old appeal for kids to stay in high
school. A clean cut dude walks by this
corner where a group of kids are matching panties. Grimly, he shares his head
and says. “Dat buddy bin me here a few
years ago. But i stuck it out. i got my
diploma and now i got a good paying
job,” reading into his ’58 Impala, he
ships off to the horizon as the words
“Stay in School" state down at you for
five seconds.
At Grinnell, we feel we have placed a
thousand miles between ourselves and
the high school penny-teachers. They are
16 and cannon read, we are 18-21 and 3F
tend a college whose student body and
faculty are “equal to the best colleges
in the country.“ But the penny-teachers
are matching up to Grinnell. The large
universities — for all their red-tape,
accessibility, show-sightedness and all
around blah -— have opened their doors
wider. A recent sociological survey
showed that "bodies" of former ’58 Impala owners » as well as a few pennypitchers .. are in the schools and getting the B.A. The university schools are
getting bigger and are filing a larger
percent of Impala owners and pennypitchers into the outside world, In fact.
ou will live to see the day when the
.A. assumes the status 01' minimum required education, which the high school
now holds. (Some of you who are not
female or i—F may miss out on this
treat, but the rest of society will see the
day come to pass.)
What does this have to do with Grinnell? Well, Grinnell has a problem.
How do you attract the best people in
the country (facility and students) when
you are doing exactly what you were
doing low years ago. Here are some of
the handles: 1) it's getting hard to attract good students for 31/, hills a year
when large universities will rock the
ILA. to them for 1000, mo, or even less
in many cases;
2) it’s hard to attract a Shakespeare
expert who has no one to talk to and
nothing to read within a. radius of 250
miles;
3) it's now hard to attract the Midwest students who want quality education without extensive travel. Modern
transportation -— air transport, cheap
buses, lots of cars and good roadways,
and student half-sure (big business’ humans pump of the college community)—
has eliminated much of the transportation pain of the past.
Grinnell’s going to collapse in 10 years.
How can we get away with charging 3500
per album for a house n. A. when, by
late, the kids on the corner matching panties will be third year college students
who quit because they coupon't hack
genetics or seats? The answer is, you
can’t — not for very long anyway. The
college will, corner or later, have to
meet the needs of an elite student body
and elite faculty (if it desired to charge
an elite tuition.)
The needs of u college community of
superior students and superior faculty
can lee met, i believe, with n program
which will train MA‘s, MAT’S, MFA’S.
and MS‘s. This will require an enormous
library, five year residence (with perhaps a mandatory 12 months on leave)
and graduate lab and Fine Art! facilities.
A 3500 dollar per year B. A. will not satisfy superior students any longer. Grinneli will soon lose the Iltile brothers of
the few superior students it now has.
consequently, superior processors will
not come out to the middle 0‘ Iowa to
teach a second-rate student body.
Money, of course, stands in the way.
But if Grinnell were to offer an expert»
mental program to some of its contractors, it might get some backing for at:
least a trial run of building a new con
cent of training the country’s cream. (if
Grinnell could get money for the ride—
colour politics conference, certainly we
can find someone to blow the was on a
ﬁvoyeur program.)
Anyway, worlds't it be nice to act on
something useful before Harvard did —just once?
ﬂ
Gray Before Their Time
By ED HIRSCH
It is my convention that the “Grinnell
experience" is a logical exercise in
sending creativity as long as the educational system exists in its present
institutional form. It dress't take a
freshman long to learn the ways of life
in the Grinnell game. First of all there
is a professor who site operated at the
front of the classroom and then there
are students who sit below in next
rows, details deeply posted. The pmfessor then speaks. details begin to fly as
nearly of wisdom drop from the lead
er's mouth. Later there will be a test
and a certification that the student
“knows" the material 2.5 well or 3.0
or whatever his particular parents recommend.
After one year at Grinnell my immediate reaction is that the system or the
people within the system are in serious
need of change if education is to be
come relevant. As long as there is a
professor lodging a student by handling a grade over his head (Grinnell
terms put it more humanity) there can
be little real communication between
professor and student. This system has
been indoctrinated as the best of all possible worlds so well that students actually believe education consists of
decorating the professor's concepts
and applying them to his general ques-
 
Best of Luck
G raduates!
H human's A pparei
Former Prof Comments—
eastern Calls for Action
(Editors note: The following is an
excerpt from a letter written by Mr.
George eastern, Assoc. Prof. of social
Foundations, State university of New
York at Buffalo. Mr. eastern was an
Instructor in Grinnell‘s Education Department two years ago. Dated 28
October, 1968, and addressed to path<
been Shea, Secretary of the curriculum Committee, this letter is unfortunately just as relevant today as it always has been, and perhaps always
will be. The letter is reproduced with
the consent of the author.)
I believe that college and university
education, and, by extension, elementary
and secondary according, is dangerously
anachronistic, What your student committee ought to do is to throw out instead as possible —— your prior and
current conditioning and, Cartesianlike,
try to begin de have. Ask yourself, what
do you really want to do, what to know
about, what excited you, resorts you,
makes you happy? Do you know? You
will find it didﬁcult to answer these
questions. and the very difficulty artists
to the success with which your education has led to self-allocation, Educac
tion is synonymous with coming to know
and to accept one's self. This means
that the first task of a college, especially, must be to help its students to
find out what i8 years of exposure to a
particular society and its institutions had
made of them. You realize that up un<
til it or 15 you are largely unconscious of
what you are and how you get that way.
Yet you cannon be said to have free
z:
lion at the semester’s end. This constitutes comprehensive of the material,
Education too often is Characterized
by two separate entities (student and
professor) rather than two people insert
relating. Literature, for example, is a
medium which demands a response not
only as a literary crisis, but as a man.
There is a need to discuss content as
well as structure Often there is a need
for a poem to be responded to continually all well as intellectually.
What poet writes primarily for literary critics? I would content that
the purpose of the English department
is more than the holding 0i 8 literary
crisis: it is the development of an in
dividend to whose life literature applies.
it dress’t take long for a student who
wants specific educational opportunities,
which Grinnell does not organizationally
other, to learn that Grinnell will not extend its concept of a literally educated
student very far. Thus a student who
wants a truly creative and individual
program finds that the system will not
meet his personal needs. He is left with
the initiatives of: 1) going elsewhere;
2) staying and binding his ideas of what
he should be leading to what Grinnell
thinks he should be learning, or 3) attempting to go through the system and
learn what he feels he must at the expense of What he is being taught. in
other words he can play the game just
enough.
The point is that a student should be
able to decide what he needs to learn
with the help at Grinnell, rather than
because of the orders of Grinnell. He
should be able to learn What he feels
is necessary with the guidance of Grinnell, rather than in suite of Grinnell. .
As the institution presently exists the ,
to not the case. ,
(him to change — to become other than
you are — unless you know what you are
to begin with. So one question is: What
kind of college program (elementary
and high school and graduate school)
will enable me to gain critical selfinsight —- will enable me to find out who
the hell i am? ‘
STUDENT CURRICULUM noise
COMMITTEE MATERIAL
The reason that i had to take such extreme action and design from the have
man Committee (faculty curriculum
committee) is that it was not just canon
ant of alternative educational philosov
pages, but relatively register and 0closed consideration of them. There is no
reason, for example, why 6, C. could
not begin an experimental college track
with absolutely no requirements, such
that a student might after a year or
perhaps two years, or perhaps six or
seven years, tribe qualifying exams and
on that basis be awarded the "Great
Pumpkin Diplomat". There is no reason,
for another example, why group therapy
can not be made part of the educational
program, with course work and dormla
tony (and vacations) experience being
seen as lab situations where one ap—
provides life with a bold, open»linked
experimentalism.
But G. C. has found a sure thing in
operating a model of ivy-league education that had its prime just prior to
World War ll, and the predominantly
well—needed middlerclass parents want
their children to he products of a sure
thing — a sure means of moving ever toward on the social ladder — extensions
Yes, even given a conservative reactionary Board of Trustees, and a con.
sensitive President, and a controlling
faculty unique whose scsi-proiectiveness
series on paranoia, there is hope Virginia. There is no party, but there is
hope at Grinnell. Why?
Eventually G.C. must give in, and must
adopt itself to the changed mortality
and euros of the incoming generations
of both Students and faculty, This is
your role — to bring pressure upon the
existing sources of power in the College
in order to move them toward genuine
policy changes. By pressure I mean,
first, helping the student body to realize they are being exposed to an educac
tion that seeks to submerge the self
into a model of corporation men and
women — men who will carefully raise
profits and women who will carefully
raise children to emulate their studies.
Second, to organize, on your own, and
demonstrate in downtown Grinnell,
around suggest‘s and Stauss‘ homes, all»
night visits, put ads in the Grinnell l-herald Register. Third, do not demonstrate
and argue for the elimination of anything
without having a well worked out, possible alternative that can immediately rc—
place it.
So, Kathleen, I would urge your committee to adopt a radical france: recogniw the Policy and Curriculum Committee report for what it is — the request
kind of academic tokenism; and advance
yourself some genuine policy and curtis
culum alternatives. Listen to themselves
for a change. Have your committee walk
down to Arbor Lake or drive out to
Rock Creek lake and listen — listen to
your own hearts and minds —- and do
your thing; for man, so long as he’s
estimated from himself, is among the
walking dead — the regulatory course:
so readily observed into our technorocioeconomic structures.
George eastern . ' '
~ Assoc. Prod. of Social education
 
Iliursiiay May 29, mo
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Five
 
Make Waves, Not places
RANCE '
Must sc s have probably spent the
last couple or weeks beautifully finishing term papers and RE. requirements,
or being bored and getting drunk, but
some, at least, have been thinking about
what it‘s going to mean to get that
diploma on Friday. For a lot at us, our
Grinneil education has meant four
damn integrating years trying to learn
some things. and trying to teach others
some things. and accomplishing neither
satisfactorily,
The faculty Is all very respective
when you go to them and say, "Teach
men" —- that's their career addition.
after .11, to teach you. of course,
ﬁlet'n not select — they’re still
people end they like to play their little
ago-games by impressive their students
with their intellectual snobbery, and they
like to assets their supervision by sitting apart in the Cafe del Faculty over
in the Forum, and they like to ignore
you outside the classroom whenever
they can. But they’re not so bad as
teachers, [guess i mean, We learned
something while I've been here, and
since I plan to be a college teacher, too,
I can't think they’re all bad.
it was in trying to beach others that
the fruslralions really came, because,
my God, nobody who‘s not a student
thinks he has anything to learn, and
most students don’t think anybody can
teach them except those excited tar.
ulty members. We won control of
student government to try to use that
as a pulpit. But the students worlds’t
listen because we hadn’t unlimited
their non-opinions first, and the high
enups worlds't listen because they
were higher up. To occurs our time
they gave us representation on token
faculty committees, but we soon
found out that we coupon’t teach the
faculty anything that way; they
were the ones who taught us, only
this time we learned how closedminded they were. We tried to point
out some or the obvious nicongruities
on (human — Porter woods’ doll«
nation or Roberts Theater, the applicable quality of Saga food, the shame
or money acquiescence to that document to sport that now nobody wants,
contradictory social restrictions (“if
you can‘t obey residence hall rules
you must move 'off campus, but we
won’t extend the off-campus living
option“).
Given the response to these issues —
bureaucratic entanglement at best, but
most usually flat reiusals to consider
problems — it was rutile to hope that
this community would direct its generation to larger issues, like, yes, the war,
and the militaryindustrinl conspiracy.
and poverty (student initiative sure
tagged the faculty interventions on that
one), We‘d gotten used to student np<
othy, but maybe the reason they hadn’t
been motivated In even is minimum
level 01 activity was because the faculty
had been so earned synthetic themselves.
We asked the college to take a corporate stand on some of the evans of
the day, but no, they would clear
“Academic Freedom.” Even the lady at
JD's will tell you, our freedoms are
killing us, What they really meant by
academic freedom was that they
coupon't risk involving their life-giving
alumni in making a value judgment
by saying what must be said. “rca<
comic freedom” had nothing to do with
it. So the faculty and administration
were states to the alumni, all along,
and as long as they turned out wellmannered, intelligent, disciplines boys
and girls, the alumni would continue to
pay their salaries.
So the world goes In hell, but we're
sitting pretty in this sheffield and
why make waves? And that’s what
makes Grinnell College the sick place
it has been these four years. Nobody
will make waves; nobody will stand
up and say that there are some serious problems and why dress’t the
college get off its alumni-licking
bottom and start training people to
contract them (the alumni probably
are the military-industrial complex),
and contract them itself?
I would like to quote the Amherst
statement here. in which Amhersi‘s
president, Calvin Plimptnn, has quite
accurately reserved himself for his be-
having at corporation last year.
“. . . We have also as a college sms
placed a new sense of urgency of another kind. We believe ihal. we must
speak out to make clear that much of
the turmoil among young people and
among those who are dedicated to
humans and reasonable changes will con<
since.
“it will continue until you (President
simon) and the other political leaders of
our country address more effectively,
machinery. and consistently the major
social and foreign problems of our society, Part or this turmoil in universities derived from the distance separation the American dream from the
American reality.
“institutions dedicated to the culture,
responding, and growth of cn'tions intelligence, and to inquiry into basic
problems cannon but open people's eyes
in the shoddiness of many aspects 0!
our society,
“. . l The permalink and assistant district on many computer throughout the
nation indicates that unless results, not
from A conspiracy by A few, but from
a shared sense that the nation has no
adequate plans for meeting the crisis
oi our society. To name only one issue
of special concern to the student: since
the corner Commission’s report, there
has been no decision response to its
recommendations
“We do not say that all the problems
faced by colleges and universities are
a reflection of the machine of the larger
society. This is not true. But we do say
that until political leadership addresses
itself to the major problems of our so
dirty —— the huge expenditure of national
resources for military purposes, the in<
entities practices by the present draft
system, the critical needs of America's
23,000.01» poor, the unusual division or
our life on racial issues — until this
happens, the concern and energy of
those who know the need for change
will seek outlets for their arbitration.
”We realize that in writing this letter
we have taken the unusual step or
speaking publicly for our community on
pressing issues of the moment. We do
this out of an urgent concern to question the widely held view that university unless is merely an internal problem, or at most oriented by an outside
influence.
“More, we believe that if political
leaders act on this mistakes assumption, their actions will serve only to
wider the generations within the university and between the universities and
society at large."
Pllmpton is right, you see, and unto the corporate Grinnell college coin-
 
PiIIs, Pills, Pills
NOW THAT WE HAVE YOUR UNDIVIDED
ATTENTION. {he only Pill we don't handle is a
Success Pill. but
BEST WISHES ANYWAY
MATHEWS DRUGS
munich realized that and acts accordingly, this college will remain the
same pregnant hole that it has been
since i‘ve known it, turning out the
same gray non-thinking graduates
showing the pre-programmes fiber
ibm and logic that was installed in
then. during their four gray years
here.
Well, l'm glad to get out, because I‘m
really tired of this place. I'm too tired
to burn my diploma or discuss Com<
placement to show how i feel, or
maybe I would, Bu! ! got so tired from
heating my head against the intransigence of faculty and administration. it
will probably be worse when I go out
into the Big World, because all those
people out there air really Grinneil
alumni who have such I vlcctlike grip
over this college and others, it seems.
I’ll have A Grinnell B.A.. but I'm not
too proud or that. Guess I'll just have
to live with it, though, and hope that
some day soon my' discussing Alma
water will shape up.
Rah! Rah! his Boom
BLAH!
By DIANE POMERANCE
Members of the senior class of Grinnell, 1969, welcome, welcome, welcome
to the Alumni Association. You are now
lifelong members of this wonderful 0translation which will help refresh your
find memories of college days when
those happy recollections are growing
dim (and when your will to contribute
is facing, too).
But let me clear up a new mistakes
expressions — the Alumili Association
is not out for your money. No, thank
cordless—our sole purpose in life is to
keep the Grinnell emily united, in spirit
at least, so that your Grinnell experience
will never die.
Here are some of the exciting things
that happen to you when you become a
member Hf the Alumni Association:
first of all, a big 'census card’ is ﬁlled
out, which contains all kinds of useful
information about you: when and why
you were suspended for a semester.
your major, your many (Grinneli students are such activists) student activities such as Circle K and Theta
happy iowa Mu (no room on the card
(or SDS or Guerilla Theater), your race
and religion. There are many blank
spaces on the cards for us at the Alumni Office to acid your occupation, further
according, and civic activities like Jun:
for Chamber of Commerce and P.E,0.
— that's far when all you ’69era finally
make it in the world. We like to keep
our records up to date (so we know
how much money you are able to give),
so do keep in touch, won't you?
But in setup for [his small amount
of luiormatiori that you give us, here
is the wealth of service you, the Grinnell olympus, Will receive:
The Grinnell Magazine, that timely
journal that will keep you posted on
What's up at Grinnell. A special feature
that you will surely enjoy is the People
You Know column. Compiled from personal notes, press buildings, and the
watching eyes and ears of the Bureau
of Criminal Investigation, PYK will till
you in on all the gossip.
You, the members of the Class of
1969. will also receive quarterly Class
Letters. Although these letters are pre«
based by your Class Agent, they are
written by YOUllll You will write your
class agent and tell him or her all the
good things that happen in your level
like the down-payment on your ﬁrss
BLAH
(continued Page 1., Column lJ
 
SCARLET AND BLACK ‘ Thurx'day May
...____._...:
”6‘7 — SPRING HAPPENING
Fiﬁ E’Mﬁ
. A? A MAME
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oct. 1968 — "KID" MELLMAN. IHE PEOPLE'S HOMECOMING QUEEN
NOV" "6| — LIIEIALIIATION OF ‘30-“) VISITATION POLICY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
 
APRIL. 1969 — ROTC PROTESTED AT FACULTY MEETING
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MAY. 1969 — THE FLAG INVERSEON
"@Mﬁ g 5‘ T
5"
 
 
 
 
> m
FE .. [769 —- THE PLAYBOY PROTEST ‘ _ , .
NOV“ 1’“ — THE SAGA STRIKE
we Eloll'f “'*
SCARLET AND BEACK
 
careful Educational brands Described
By DONALD R. LIGGETT
Assoc. Prof. of Education
Some changes are being made in
Grinneil College which deserve some
note — and some strengthening. When
i was asked to say what changes ought
to be made in the college, my mind fell
in the but; of what is possible. That
which is most possible to me seems to
be an acceleration of some trends now
extent.
I really believe that a grammar evolution is going on in higher education (and
that includes Grinnell College). Much
of this evolution will improve the learning going onion Grinnell but much or it
should go on substantially faster than
It has been.
I'd like to concentrate here on three
trends that i feel ought to be strengthened and happened: -u trend toward a
program more related to the problems
outside the college, a trend toward more
student involvement prior to decision
making in the college, and a changed
emphasis on grades. Let me tackle
these one ata time.
Over the past few years, much has
happened to Grinnell to make the trim
neli experience more relevant (to use
the hackneycd but: still useful term),
and to get the students involved in the
problems of our society. Some of this
change is reflected in the academic
program of the college and more of it
shows in the activities and interests of
the students, Unfortunately, the proc—
less of the outside world have not yet
divided themselves into the academic
disciplines of higher education. An in<
terdisciplinary approach is required and
interdisciplinary studies are increasing
in the college — the slowly avoiding
Upper Class Secondary Field program
and the Social Studies courses are two
examples. while neither of these programs can yet he called a great success, both are experiments in the right
direction. in the next academic year
we will see some new experiments in
interdisciplinary approaches. The proc-
lelmmniation, not con-
cent and purpose. The hazard is that
we might give up too soon. Colleges al'o
inexperienced w i t h interdisciplinary
programs and they are difficult to op
state. Grinneil has in the past slowly
abandoned them — to wit, elementary
education, business administration, and
ROTC. For ROTC, l'm thinking of the
change in ROTC of a few years back,
not this year's changes. At one time
ROTC students took ROTC courses
from regular Grinnell processors in our
regular academic disciplines, rather
than from military officers — who, it
seems to be now believed, can better
integrate the academic disciplines to
the specific problems of this vacation.
I'm not arising whether marc should
1» on campus but I would like to gifts
that as soon as the college does involve
itself in training for any problems or
locations it will have to greatly with
moral priorities. And the members of
the community will have to be relevant of people with different prioritieon what problems the college should
concern itself with.
Another healthy aspect of the interest
in areas beyond the problem in academic disciplines is the increase in the
students on foreign study leaves. who
intellectual gains from foreign study are
not easily classified into academic dis—
airlines, but. the college now assists that
these gains be suspected into subject
fields in order to be transcriptized. This
happiness has been transferred in other
liberal arts colleges and will in club
course come to pass at Grinnell. Some
faculty members still have a but read-
ﬁlm that intellectual activity is proper
only when conducted in the combines of
an academic discipline. This reaction
is facing, and the faster it faces the
better for the overall program.
incorporating this type of study in a
liberal arts mllege browser high feelings
in liberal arts devotees, It is not
agreed that a liberal education is more
than a study of the academic disciplines. Some academics do not believe a liberal education involves any
attempt to relate these disciplines to
specific problems in society; such is not
a part of a liberal education. In my
View this non-application is too stories.
I would rather see the error which will
result when the political scientist and
the psychologist class on what should
be done in the sluts. i will even enjoy
the error which will come when the
drive toward: relevance contracts the
part of the college which regards this
as a hereby in the college.
The second trend I would like to
speed up is the one towards more .student involvement in the discussion:
prior to decision making. We now have
students on Educational Policy Committees, we have a resolution from the
faculty expression an intent to interior<
ate students in faculty meeting discussions. and many departments have in.
oorporated students in departmental
decision making, Students have insights
and knowledge which make them valuable participants in discussions, and
the use of this conference should increase.
The last trend — the deemphasis on
grades — is admittedly the nearest of
the three from the standpoint of progress made, but a most important area
of change. We now have a credit-fail
option, and the social studies course last
fall was not only credit-fail but unwrap—
ed. Grades in their present form are a
major block to honest communication
between professor and student. student
behavior is too often determined by a
concept of what will get a good grade
and too little by what will increase
learning. While it is to be hoped that
grades corporate to some extent with
learning, it is no secret that they do
not always corporate. and when they
don‘t, the system has reinforced the
students who pursuit grades rather than
the student who pursuit learning. perception students have always recognized
primary May it. not
this, but it is reserved more than when I
was in school. We were more Willing to
accept the wisdom of the proc — and
I’m not at all sure we were right. Ono
of the problems in changing trading is
that too few college processors have
Studied testing as a technical fluid to be
sure of themselves ill this field. For
all ot the emphasis on trading and testing in colleges, most teachers have a
basically antivilliellectual attitude [0‘
cards the study of testing. Too many college tests are essentially amateurish and
unprofessional — and thus relatively invalid. The lack of validity is confirmed
by numbers studies which show very
little correlation between college grades
and any criteria of later accomplishment,
My hope here is not that the college
brandon evaluation. because evaluation
is necessary both to measure progress
in an educational program and to iacll<
hate the certification responsibilities of
the school. The hope is that we can find
some way to make the evaluation system support rather than frustrau the
learning and teaching efforts. Till! will
require that college teachers acquire
more of the body of information on [est
ing and become more open to changes in
present trading procedures. As ii mentioned earlier I see less progress her.
than in the other areas. but i feel improvement in this area would allow I
major' improvement in the education of
students.
) Talk
(combined from Page 12)
points are thoughts, not part of a manlfesto for change. manisiestocs In art
were spring sixth years ago, as were
some political “manisfesms”. thoughts
are apt currency in a mass media age
and i am writing thoughts for a limited
mass in hopes of truth, beauty and
PEACE. property SIS—“All the words of
my mouth are in consciousness; there is
nothing forward or universe in them.
They are all plain to him that understanding, and right to them than ﬁnd
knowledge. Receive my instruction, and
not silver; and knowledge rather than
choice gold," Good night.
 
What's So Special
About Graduates of
Grinnell College?
We hope the past four years
have been good “growing"
years for you and that you will
carry with you much of your
enthusiasm and concern for
people. (That's what is see-
dial).
We hope that you have enjoyed the leisure moments you
have spent in King's and that
you may have noticed that we
too, care about people.
Good Luck
BRUCE BEYMER
Owner-danny"
KING'S FOOD HOST
‘ l
l
Capitalize
On Your
Opportunities!
POWESHIEKWMBANK
4th & Broad/5U! ‘ Wm - Erinnoll
u-m-mom
Y
 
Thun'day May 19. WW
SCARLET AND BEACK
Love is the Only Salvation
By BOB VAN WYCK
! am presently seeking contributions
director status with the Selective Service. I have come to the replication that
I cannon participate in a military machine which wantonly desktops human
lives. I object to war in any form on
the grounds that all war is a negative
of love, and love is, I feel. the only
salvation of banking.
I wish I had thought about the CD.
alternative years ago. but at is i knew
very little about myself and my relation
to the world. I think that private is a
legitimate reason for not requesting a
8.0. at 18, but few draft boards do.
Most draft boards feel that CO. status
belongs only to a few indoctrinated
months; they feel there is no real individual decision involved. Believe me,
there is — and the decision is a logged
one.
The idea that 0.0. status belongs to
a select few is not limited to draft
boards. Many students have the same
misconception. An examination of recent Supreme Court cases, particularly
the seeker decision, reveal that many
more persons are qualified than apply.
The court has considered the Su«
price Being clause, and assisted only
that the beliefs of the individual must
be parallel to those focusing on a
Supreme Being in an orthodox car
various system. in other words, a belief, religions in nature, which oocih
pics the same place in an individual‘s
life as does a Supreme Being in the
ills of u person obviously qualifying
for the 0.0., legally satisfied the re
apartments.
Since the seeker decision, Congress has
restricted its assistance that 0.0. status
be “by reason of religious training and
belief,” and not “essentially political,
sociological, or philosophical views, or
merely a personal moral code." Cases
which further test the equality of these
restrictions are pending in the Supreme
Court. The assistance upon religious
training and belief is designed by Congress to give a draft board guidelines,
and to make the individual tie his beliefs to an individual background,
against which his fingering can be was.
llc judges.
It must be arrested. however, that
no particular type, formal or informal,
of religious training and belief anti»
basically excluded the possibllilty of
obtaining C. 0. status. One need not be
I devout Quaker to quality. Until you
read a wide range of material of
the CO. position, for God’n sake
don't automatically present you’re
illeligibie.
Anyone who is interested in seeking
alternatives to the draft should look into
the possibilities of obtaining C 0. status.
You can get a C.0. handbook from
any local draft counseling service, or
for $1 from the Central Committee for
contributions injection, 2016 Walnut
St., Philadelphia, Pa.
If you feel you confidentiality object to war, start planning NOW!
Don’t white You have as much right
as a draft board to decide the course
of your life. Perhaps even a little
more.
Best Wishes
For a Happy future
TOWN 8c COUNTRY
BEST WISHES
CLASS OF '69
power’s East End Grocery
If You've Walked
a Mile for Your VB.A.
COME SEE US!
power's Shoe Service
inside is Out
And Your Outside is In
So Come On
By RICK EXNER
It seems a bit strange to be writing
to other people when I can hardly talk
to myself most of the time. The truly
public poet is a substitute. But words
proceed, as a certain knowledge lives
apart from feeling.
You hand in the last paper and you
realize that you can die. You have
completed the required portion of life
and are now on your socalled own.
You will take a number of breasts and
then you will meet your Maker.
Certainly every graduate inn’t so
badly-off. A lot of us have plans. I am
talking about those of us (or that part
of us all) who are simply wanting to
know what we want, and who have
spent the year trying to calm down
enough to ask the question. This college
is a thinking place, not particularly a
knowing place, You think in the biology lab. You know at the bio. preserve.
For a second we all knew in Gates
Lounge. Today in Montezuma we tried
to decide whether Jim new actually
could have seen part of holly calcium’s left breast. The Jury sites its
corporate lip, and next year the sociology department comes to the aid of
social change by offering courses achieving the neuroses of the New Left.
Never a word of actual criticism, you
understand; the social sciences recognize no absolutes. A community or man
based on moral principles?—classifieds
pﬁactive!
I was a guerrilla-taxi driver Saturday
when the red sun came up. list lay
thick in the holland and hair—a-tree up
off the closed flags. Driving back alone,
I rendered at my ability to hold the
mustang on the road. Who — me will?
I mean, it's been a long time. Why, I
could turn around and be on the beach
in thirty hours. I could just go, many
New respect for the bike guys and my
friends going to Canada. Understanding
your life through the pattern of your
reactions to the environment. Maybe
the next»best thing to knowing.
But this place of writing is dedicated
also to the stationery flowers: dog
lovers, nightlife-heroes cottonwood
confidence. and generated inscmnlacs in
the ring with Christians. It is to us
when we are not too preoccupied with
being impressive and un»up-tight to have
a truth live and a little beauty to give
to another traveler. it is trying to be
about how incredible sensitive we all
are really.
I am the Wednesday-night-kingdom—
foiksinger. One night this spring about
12:30 I’m playing along to myself and
this old guy walks in and asks for a
beer at the bar. I'm doing “I Was Born
in East Virginia" — is personally favorite song this year. I’m into it, and afternoon the old man gives me the first applause of the evening. Everybody else
motionless. and he’s wrapping and gambling approval. So I play him the best
of my other country songs, and he acts
as if he likes them.
After I put the guitar away I sat
down beside him at the bar. His clothes
were busty and his boots worn down. He
spoke in an alcoholic dealers almost too
thick for hearing.
“You know," he says right off, "that's
really beautiful. You have in there «
in your music — a truth. You know,
my friend, that music is the truth, and
truth is beauty - one and the same."
He showed me how to roll Bull ours
hats with ungummed papers. Said be
was travelling through from Kansas.
where he had secured a copy of his
birth certificate in order to collect on
Social Security. He'd spent the day in
the woods, he said, with a bottle of wine.
It was plain to see he wash’t popular
with some people at the bar.
“This lady today. She just said ‘get
award get award' You know how some
people are.”
He finally walked home with me on
my invitation.
“These police, they get you when you
come into town with no money, and
they shake you down. Say, ‘What you
down’. boy?’ and they grab you." He
terms the air. ”So I have my identitications seen right in here. in my coat.
, . . You know, I have been a working
man must of my life, on and on. Oh I
could do a good day’s work! currently,
mystery, such work.”
“You know these people who things
they‘re better than you. Just because
they got this and that. Why. let me tell
you! I've code the insights and We
sheet outdoors; been from Florida and
Texas to Minnesota. And those people,
very often these same people who they don't know anythingi 'Get away
from my yard,’ they don’t know anything.”
"I used to be a fighter. Want to see
what I can do? Here, put ’em up. Come
on."
We had two free beds.
"1 don’t need no bed. Many time.
i’ve sheet out with only a coat. Just a
blanket and a can for see-see, that’s
all i need."
We set him up in the livingroom with
Mozart and the Rolling Stones.
“You know. Rick, there are so many
people and this is the first time some
one has —- 'i'll just make a little coffee
in the morning and then 111 be gone.
Just a see- see can and a blanket...‘
Next morning as I wonder whether
to tell him again that l have to go to
class:
“Now. Rick, I just want you to remember one thing. There's only one
thing that you need — and that is
Christ Christ is aIL Because, you know,
you are a God! We are all model Yes
we are. and you must have Christ in
your life!”
We said goodby in the kitchen but he
stopped us again at the back door.
“Now, you've all been so good to
this old man. There’s only one more
thing I have to says Workers of the
world units!"
 
Welcome, Parents and Alumni
Congratulations, Seniors
Best Wishes for the Future
runner”
mnwwm
 
'eye sun
o Blah
(Continued from Yoga 5)
suburban eplitdevel home, that big
transfer from Omaha to Cedar Rapids,
election to the state PTA board. 0!
course, it you want to tell about your
experiences a! Bl draft register. or such.
I will tool completed to sensor your letters, We cannon allow any application oi!
advocacy to break this law of the land to
go out under the college seal. In fact,
that multlllth machine in the Service
Bureau is specially programmes to stop
eutornatloelly before printing any religious or observe material.
Your Class Agent will last I lltetlmel
leader then you think, you will be reading about clessmntes’ children attending Grlnnell. and then grandchildren,
Won’t that give you n thrill when
you're events years oldl
Speaking of children. do let us know
when such and every one of yours in
horn. because we would like to send
you a CHIP CERTIFICATE These 31'.
lovely documents, suitable for framing,
that welcome your child an an official
Grinnell Chip. The certificates are
written in started and black ink, with A
lovely border design ot football players
end cheerleaders running in and out of
the words to one of Grinnell's wireless
per songs.
But you need not retain contact with
Grlnnell College only vicariously. Beginning in 1974, and every five years thereafter, your class will hold a Reunion
SCARLET AND BLACK
Thursday May ii. mt
 
right he" in Grinnell, during announcement weekend. You will come
back to enjoy Grinnell just like you did
when you were an undergraduate getting drunk and sharing after girls.
The best part or all this is that your '
membership in the Alumni Association
is — YIPPIEI — absolutely trees The
expenses or printing and mailing magazines. class letters, alumni directories
(a complete listing or all 14,000 living
clubs, by name, maiden name, class,
and geographic location — u truly
amazing document), reunion recorders,
chip certificates; are paid for out of
voluntary contributions. or course, since
Grinnell College is one big family, we
know you will gmt to help. The Development Office and Alumni Office share
our files, and mailing lists, 50 you will
also receive numerous -— but testefully
designed —- nppclels for funds. You can
request to have your name removed
min the mailing list it you really want
to, but this means that you will become,
to Grimell College, a ’lost’ person, and
you'll never hear from Grimell again.
Now worlds't that be sad?
And anyway, just think or the good
work your contributions will do. They
will support the college that you want
to remember. Because as long as the
alumni continue to support Grinnell
College, they can always totally con.
dean those hippierweirdoireaks who
try to april everything all the time.
cum than being for the students, trim
well is for the alumni, and don’t you
forget it.
 
GOOD LUCK. SENIORS
Nice To Have Hold You
With Us!
MILL'S COLOR WHEEL
 
Congratulations. Seniors
THANKS FOR BUYING OUR BOOTS
Welcome. Class of '29
ARNOLD'S SHOES
 
Good Luck In The
Years Ahead
Z ibm's
COAST-TO-COAST
Human Biology Seminar — A New Approach
By RON STEINHORN
The seminar in human biology was
first created by Sheldon garden to be
a new Approach in teaching various
topics in biology. This year's Science I
sequence for example was based around
the general theme ”evolution ot start»
sure," and had been less than successful in crossing interest, a: have all the
introductory biology sequences tried here
during the past several years. In contest, the idea of the human biology
course is to organize the traditional
topics or biology; genetics, immunology.
anatomy, physiology. ecology, evolution,
microbiology, and others around their
presence in the human being. The great
advantage at this presentation in an introductory biology course is that interest
can be easily created since the application of biological ideas to the students themselves is always at the more
front. For the non-bio—major' in particular
this is useful, because only in this way
is knowledge of tile subject likely to be
useful to them in the future.
To see whether this would be a good
way oi organizing a future course, this
past semester about twelve seniors and
seniors participated in what was Called
the "human biology seminar," which
met with the gardens every week at
their home. Not everyone in the seminar
was a biologist. One was in psychology
and another in American Studies. As
time went on, it became obvious that
these different perspectives on the human being were extremely important for
the group.
At the plant, the group made a plan of
topics to be covered The general format.
01 a session was that one or several per:
pre would report on certain of the select-
» ed topics. This worked out so that each
person reported every three or four
weeks. The presentations always pro.
solved much discussion and reaction and
the seminar invariably listed for about
three hours each time as the result of
the reaction the reports provided This
more out the initial feeling that it would
not be necessary for everybody to pre‘
page material or read for all the sessions, since most of the members had
background! extensive enough so that
the innovation was not without reference to subjects previously studied.
it is site to say that everyone who was
in the seminar tell it was a great sun<
less. Those who had a lot of biological training before saw new aspects and
applications of areas previously studied
while the non-biological felt, perhaps
for the first time, the means and extent
to which biological licenses influence
and control our lives These factors,
along with the intense discussion and ex<
movement which were always present and
which are the mark of any meaningful
learning experience make a course in
human biology seem a real alternative
to traditional ways of biological teaching.
 
Congratulations,
You've Made
A Good Beginning
Brown's Shoe Fit
Company
 
Ahrv and
The Chef
wish to join Tom and Belle
in wishing you Happiness
and the yes’r of Luck. always
AI-IRVANO'S PIZZA
TOM Ir BETTE GARBISON
235-6121
 
tuesday May 29. P759
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Eleven
 
ROTC referral
Faculty Frustraies Student
oy TED GLICK
On Monday, May 19, the faculty once
again showed their lack of conference
and their low opinion of the students
of the institution. At the last faculty
meeting of the year, while students
were engaged in writing papers and
taking ﬁnals, a motion was unexpected»
iy spring on an uninformed faculty asking for a referral of the previous decision to remove academic credit from
ROTC in 1570. Mr. Vanderpool, one of
the members of the committee set up
to look further into the ROTC question,
presented this motion, and it was passed
47735. Reasons for Ibis action are yet
to be put forth by Vanderpool or any
other member of the faculty to the students.
, What does this action mean? To me it
means two things. First, it is clear that
when the faculty made their initial decision to remove academic credit from
ROTC the reason was not one of moral
principle; rather it must have been
primarily one of the academic merit
(or lack of it) of the courses. The second thing to be learned from this action
' is that it shows once again what the
faculty, as a collective unit, thinks about
the students — they think of them as
"workers”.
"Doing the right thing for the wrong
reason” is something we are continually
being warned against doing. But, as is
too often the case, our supposed “suppliers” did just the thing which most
or them counsel against. They were
either too conscienceless or too drive
to see that a confirmation of ROTC on
' this campus will do nothing but increase
the amount of men who serve this
coiuitry under the arcade of “defense”,
but in fact as agents of expression in
conflicts such as Vietnam.
Operating under the political assume-
‘ lion that this is 1945 and that the United
States is not an imperial power, they
Show their thickness, be it a moral
thickness or simply a thickness of per
section, of what this country is really
about. Either of these reasons is not
excessive at a, supposedly, "good"
school like Grinnell.
The second point is just as important
as the first. Students at Grinnell, as
well as at virtually all other cubic
schools and colleges, are treated as
“fingers”. The effectiveness of the
motion and the fact that it was put
forth at the last faculty meeting or
the year, ill the final minutes, and during finals week, shows where the
minds of at least some, and probably
a majority of the facility, lie. They
think of students as second‘class Citir
zcns, not worthy of having a real voice
in their education and not worthy of
being notified of plans to reverse what
had been decided on before largely as
a result of student pressure.
These are the two reasons why 1 decided to go on a hunger strike to try
and move the conference of those who
so obviously need some pressure to get
moving. The faculty should consider
themselves lucky that it was a last and
not some other action that would have
“certified" them (Columbia, Harvard.
Berkeley, Stanford — dig it?) That is
not to say that such an action is not in
the foreseeable future; I will be very
surprised it next year does not bring
enough student animation to make this
year's actions look like partly rates and
1950's thanks.
As this issue of the sets goes to press
the ROTC issue has yet to be decided.
it would he qualifying and surprising if
the faculty did decide to stick to their
first decision decided upon earlier »—<
an elimination of ROTC credit. However, no matter what the faculty decided to do on this issue, it is clear that
the continued high»wilderness of the
faculty in all areas of college life will
next year bring increased student pressure and substance on all prints for a
role not as fingers but as human beings
with power to control their own lives.
We, the students, don’t want to and
area’t going to be treated like fingers
any more.
supplements of
Harry's Sport Shop
 
Best Wishes, Seniors
Celebrate Your
Accomplishments With Us!
t
rain 5 Louauonu
”Fine Food in a Friendly
Western Atmosphere”
cross getting
golf: Issue
In the wake of several weeks of indecisiveness about the withdrawal of
academic credit from the college ROTC
program, the faculty is presently voting
on a final recommendation as to when
accreditation of Aerospace Studies
courses should lease.
President suggest on Tuesday sent a
ballot to all faculty members asking
them to vote on whether ROTC credit
should be continued until June, 1972
(when the Air Force plans to have totals
ly phases out ROTC at Grinnell) or if it
should be disappointed after Sept. 1, 1970
(as the faculty recommended 47-40 on
Apr. 7.)
At a May 19 meeting the faculty voted
47434 to alter its original decision and
recommended that academic credit for
ROTC courses he continued until June.
1972. A majority of the faculty at that
time apparently believed that the Air
Force’s decision to phase out ROTC at
Grinnell made the earlier recommendation unnecessary.
However, a special faculty meeting
was called last week after the executive
council received a petition signed by 13
faculty members asking that the faculty
recognized the question of when ROTC
credit should be designated. The matter was discussed at a full faculty meet—
ing last Monday, and a committee was
appointed to draw up the ballot that is
presently being calculated, President
suggest has asked that all balloon he
returned by 5 pm this Friday.
Monday’s special faculty meeting was
called after sophomore J. Theodore click
began fisting on May 20 to protest the
To demonstrate our concern
over the Vietnam conﬂict, Grinneirs flag is tlyiiig at hall—last
over central campus, and will
continue to do so until the end
 
 
of the cris'
faculty’s referral of its earlier- ROTO
recommendation. click sent a» letter to
all processors involving them that he
would not eat. until the faculty. met to
recognized the ROTC matter. He ended
his 3—day hunger strike after learning
that the executive council hadiealled the
sexual meeting.
President suggest told the SH) that his
recommendation to the board of- trustees on the status of ROTC credit Will
probably be based upon the faculty recommendation that will be organized when
the balloon are counted on Friday.
 
organizations
$9 trade
It's Been A Pleasure
Doing Business With You
GOOD-BYE . . .
AND GOOD LUCK
R&J FABRIC
CUNNINGHAM DRUGS
LEEPER MUSIC CO.
» GIFTS INTERNATIONAL
BRYAN'S SHOE SERVICE
THARP PHARMACY
ELLA'S FLOWERS
SANITARY BARBER SHOI’
POYNTER'S
4th Avenue sessions, Inc.
 
'19. Twolvo
SCARLET AND BLACK
 
i talk 01‘ the town I
(Editor’s note: The following column
was written at the time of the playboy incident by one of Iha participants
In order to explain the meaning of
her Ictlom. We were unable to present this so much needed explanation,
due to the depending legal investing.
thin. We feel that it is a very honest
appraisal of her actions, which may
shed a new light on the meaning of
the incident and show how announced
any charge of "obscenity” must be.)
By FREDRICKA NELSON
the talk of the town for two weeks now
and running is of the demonstration.
this week’s herald-register has made
trout page news of the a oi us and our
friends, the state investigators. we all
merit a special heavy print black box on
page one of fact and calculation (a misdemeanor? or “conspiracy to commit
tin illegal act.”) about the incident that
"happened" at grinnell and has subsequently become everyday's alter dinner
conversation piece.
as a participant charming considerable responsibility for “getting us out of
historic" and fascinating ACTION. 1
Would like to reply to everyday;
l) scripting in this case was not
current since for me it meant asking
the person i call myself if i had the
strength of conviction to accept my body
the way it is. lots of words wild people
chapter at you in evanescence and in your
mature like; “blonde have more fun,"
“she's ugly because she's fat," you
think about looking groove (sexy) for the
first dance in high school, we worry
about complexioiis (black or white, samples or smooth). as a matter or fact, you
might miss that second kiss while you
morbidly ease your hair back into place.
i had this subjective thought: first
you have to MAKE yourself believe you
ARE BEAUTIFUL. nobody can say how
american Will think if he dress't ﬁnd
out how he thinks a and that’s what i
call a problem of INTERNALIZATION.
now we have decisiorrtime. can you
think how you would feel if you took on
your clothes for a principle instead of
for a bath or for making love?
2) i took off my clothes, initially, as
an act of faith. faith in ME, for a change,
and faith in my “radical" friends. one
act in exchange for words can serve as
h cover for new commitment in any
area. grinnelliis all over the world need
some today, since people and institutions
like playboy tell us in so many words
that “this old wn old o1 ours is
going down the tubes in a hundred thousand ways, and THERE AIN’T ANYTHIN'
,YOU CAN DO ABOUT KT, BABY—J l
have investigated multiplicity, and 1
find it awesome and part oi the Total,
but i don't want to find it impOSSIble.
3) from Mother Earth, “the kingdom
of heaven is within you.”
4) i don't want to set myself up as
one of these brilliant interfaces that our
favorite concrete-man writes about. i
Want to be human and learn to do what
is meaningful for me; and at the same
time to accept the human condition of
not doing what is RIGHT each time I
“meaningful opportunity" comes up
grinnell calls itself liberal. but what is
liberal about the fear that “excellent"
will shock the passes? this college dress’t relate where it should — grinnell,
iowa. grinnell College talks in years roehuck language to suburbanites on the
bridges of our cities, where the MONEY
IS.
5) now man is in the age that is perfectly suited by the media and by his
education to have his values for his
pillow at night. he can think them all
through and prove them on the tube,
meanwhile. running away of any human
configuration. i should say that we are
racing controlled by change at such a
rapid rate that it is easy to assume
that luck or technology will iron out our
difficulties. many are confused about
“meaning" today, but there is a value
possibility that we are in a TRANSIS<
TIONAL phase where the insertion of
human Values is still a useful projects
projects are things that one does that
have a social impact and offer individual
fulfillment
6) (breakfast though) “methodology is
a force." Evergreen Review, articles on
the “new left,” NEW issue (cost) discussions of methodology are forces since
fear of consequences — “truth or . r ."
pricing any useful discussions of
MEANS.
7) our actions are multiﬁed on three
counts, as far as (i) can see: the initial
action was motivated by a beautiful
statement; the consequences for grinhell have the appearance at a possible
registration of the institution; and (i)
have found that involvement is the way
education should operate # one shouldn't
“get byuil
8) “REVOLUTION" is simply the word
that has the most currency, which also
describes meaningful action. these eight
TALK—
(Continued Page 5, column 4)
 
CONGRATULATIONS
TO THE
GRADS
From All of Us all
GRINNELL STATE BANK
3-Day Trial End:
Thursday May 19. I
“Grinnell 8” Are Found Guilty
A jury of four men and eight women
Wednesday found eight Grinnell students
guilty oi innocent exposure in connection
with a Feb. l5 nude protest against Playboy magazine in Gates Hall Lounge.
Judge it. 5. order, who provided over
the three day trial in Poweshiek County
District Court, has set June 20 as the
date for continuing.
The three men and five women were
among a group of ten students who dis-
round before some mighty Griiineillans
to protest what they called Playboy’s
exploitation of sex during an explain»
tion of the “Playboy Philosophy" by
price proper, a field representative of
the magazine who was on campus as
part of a college sex education program.
The students who could now be sent»
ended to 6 months in jail or ﬁnew $200
are:
Seniors Ftedricka A. Nelson 20, of
Brooklyn, 13.; Mary calcium, 21, of
San Diego, child; Catherine R, order,
21, of Allen Park, rich.; James D. Rudolph, 22, or Elmhurst, 111.; service N.
owner, 22, of Ames, iowa.; junior
Charles Ar german, 21, of East canyon,
Ohio; sophomore nudity s. Grueuberg,
20, of Montebello, cant; and freshman
arena s. pepper, 19, at Brooklyn, N. Y.
immediately after court announced
Wednesday afternoon, Miss calcium issued the following statement on the behalf of all eight dependence:
“The decision of the Jury is not un—
expected. We believe it was charitable in
view of the instructions on the law of
innocent exposure given by the judge.
However, those instructions written the
requirement of "open and gross lewdncss" which appears in the statute. Our
convention has been that our conduct
was not lead.
“Our present seeing is that we will
appeal this (1 ' 'on by the judge, and
seek a new trial with the jury instructor as to all the requirements of the law
as it is written"
Throughout the trial defense attorney
ADDRESS HERE:
Dan Johnston of Des points argued all
although the dependence had “devil; .'
1y exposed themselves,” they were
guilty of innocent exposure because tin
had done nothing observe or gm
lower
“We obviously do not concern
nudity in our society.” Johnston told
jury. “I know or no artists or 1
models in art classes.”
The jury’s service apparently rings
on the following instruction from aud
under regarding the statute:
“Tile words ‘open and innocent or 1
scene exposure’ . . . . mean an cxhi
title of those parts of the human in
which interactive poverty, human deck
 
 
 
ey, or natural self-respect require sh
be temporarily kept covered in the pn
once or view of others 4 . . t A first
if so included, may dress himself or in
self in nothing more substantial th
the influence of Eden provided he
sale does not “export" himself or hi ‘
self in that cold on. An exposure .
crimes ”open and innocent or ohscer
only when a person injuries in sir
practice at a time , , , (when) . .
or her act is open to the observation
others.
After deliberating for three hours,
jury returned to the countries to t
the judge that his interpretation was ‘
absolute,” it would apply to persons ii
discover before “doctors and nurses
artists and sculpture." order told _
jury that such persons were exceptic ,
but that “persons in attendance at
open meeting" are not.
The jury asked model'. “Is it post: -
for this jury to recommend to the co
the jury’s attitude toward the save
of the sentence, should the depends
be found guilty?”
order instructor them that they cc
not, and that it was the court's pray
time to subscribe the sentence.
The jury then retired for another
minutes before returning with the r
delta of "guilty as charged."
After the trial, jury coleman Sh
random of Grinnell customized order
GUILTY-
(Continued on Page 2, Column 1)
 
