GRINNELL COLLEGE
. SCARLET 8: BLACK
THE STUDENT,
NEWSPAPER
 
Vol. LXXVl
Grinnell, ice... Friday. April 4. loss
 
» Faculty
At a faculty meeting March ll), History
professor Gregory ouroii introduced a
{notion to withdraw academic credit
from the Alf Force ROTC program
on campus. Guroii’s motion, it passed,
would possibly mark a digital point in
he lsyeor relationship between the apartment oi the Air Force and Grinnell
; large.
int‘i 1951, during the Korean War, the
college asked the Department or the
Air Force to place a ROTC details
event on campus. This request was made
{g slow the drain of male trailers. N:
:(at time, the ROTC curriculum was
est under strict control by the report—
No. 27)
Considering ROTC Status
merit office in Washington. However,
these being were gradually released and
the local attachment was given andreas-
ing control 0! its curriculum in the
period before 1964, the attachment of»
time was able to work fairly closely With
the college. Many suggestions were made
and incorporated and regular college
processors helped a great deal in the
teaching. In 1964, to replace homogeneity
lost by giving them more autonomy, the
Department registered its toll control
over the curriculum. Officially, that
control is still maintained.
However, since 1967, the faculty has
A certification \
ll literally Educated outdoor
py PHILIP C. PURDOM, Capt. USAF
Assistant Professor of Aerospace Studies
The Air Force program in its academic program is designed so that students may familiarize themselves with
the instruments of national defense policy, with particular reference to the Air
Force, and the ways in which these
instruments are used in support of na—
signal policy. These studies range, during the four years, from consideration
of the nature at war, to astronautics and
space operations, to the nature and
meaning of military professionalism, to
the efforts being made by the us. Government to find a liable peace.
To me the chief value of having a ROTC program on campus is, in
fact, the opportunity students have to
see the interrelationships of their std<
dies in political science, history, econlimits, and the natural and physical scie
enter to the study of national defense
policy and problems. To the cadets in
the program, there are of course other
advantages in being in AFROTC. Scholarships and the opportunity to plan their
graduate education before military ser-
vice are probably two primary considerations to many students. The quality
and variety of experience derived il'om
service as an officer in the Air Force
are perhaps the most significant benefits which most of our graduates will
value highly after their period oi military duty.
To the Air Force, however, the opportunity to obtain young officers with reverse backgrounds and viewpoints, who
have had occasion to develop their knowledge and analytical ability as they were
receiving education toward a commission, is important to being effective as
an element 01 national security. The
problem rated by any organization is
to provide a continuing intlux of new
ideas, backgrounds, and concepts. This
is certainly true of the Air Force because
only through Willingness and capacity to
change can the organization be respective to the requirements of the civil
society. The Air Force has therefore desired to maintain this voluntary rely-
PURDOM—
(Continued on Page 4, Column 4)
A Defense \
A Question of Alterndliv it
By BRUCE ARMSTRONG
The issue of removing academic credit
(tom ROTC courses must be seen in its
proper light. It academic credit were
removed from ROTC courses, students
at Grinnell would drop ROTC, I have
found that ROTC takes up more time per
credit than any other course i have
taken at Grinnell. it would take a highly
exceptional student to carry 16 credits
los ROTC as an extracurricular activity. I seriously doubt that any students
would undertake that type of download.
Therefore, the attempt to eliminate academic credit from ROTC is actually an
attempt to remove ROTC from Grinnelll,
perhaps mt by design I admit.
commentary ﬁrss on just the retention
issue, there is one basic reason for remaining it. There are three fundamental
choices available to the limit system.
1. Canada or jail — the first is a colour, the second appeals to very few.
and neither is substantially used.
2. Being granted — the most common
choice.
I. Becoming an without.
There are two main amended for those
of us not already in military academics,
leading toward a commission. One is
post-graduate officer programs such as
DCS and 0T5. The problem with this
method is that preferred status lnr url<
trance to these schools is given to those
coming up through the ranks, not college
graduates. Consequently, these schools
are hard to enter because they are usually full. The other avenue is ROTC, readily available, and for most of us, the
only one available.
One of the goals or this college is to
prepare students for a useful career.
Only the individual can decide what a
useful career is, and as long as some
students at Grinnell decide that. the military is fl useful career, than it is consistent with the goals of this college.
and perhaps incorrect upon it, to pro
vlde ROTC in a liable manner, meaning
with academic credit.
flooring for the moment that academic
credit is directly linked to retention of
ARMSTRONG—A (Continued on Page 1, Column 4)
maintained its effort to offer curriculum
suggestions. Last tall, a faculty commit<
tee on Aerospace Studies was formed to
coordinate faculty suggestions, though
this committee still had no controlling
power. The college remained on the defenswe.
Gurotf commented on the referral of
this defensive position in explaining the
rationale for his motion. "1 believe the
ROTC program is inconsistent with
the established college standards for
printing credit. In the present situation,
it stands outside or the college. i am
also aware of two simultaneous move-
meets. One is the Air Force’s movement
away from local autonomy; the other is
the movement or U.S. colleges and universities toward greater control at the
curriculum. These are movements in
opposite directions." Guroii expressed
the hope that, if academic credit is withdrawn. the Air Force would retain the
campus attachment, but change the
ROTC curriculum requirement to include a choice (it regularly scheduled
courses. Guroff concluded, “whatever
action the Air Force takes, at least roll‘
tl‘Dl would be placed back with the col«
legs, which is our purpose.”
Three Levels
’ Faculty Ended on now
By ROBERT GREY
Instructor in Political Science
Two proposals are now being considered by the Grlnnell faculty: (1) terms—
nation of the college-ROTC tie, or (2)
removal of academic credit from ROTC
courses, and removal of professional
Status vol‘ ROTC instructors.
There are three levels on which the
argument is being conducted: that focusing on national issues, campus issues
and that focusing on advantages to students. The level on which one choices to
argue seems to largely determine one's
position on these two proposals.
Some of those who argue on the national level feel that Grinnell should, in how4
ever minor a fashion, contribute to the
discrimination of the military by “illustration” literally educated young men
into the military. Those who make this
argument assume that either because
or our selection process or the “Grinnell Experience,” Grinnell students are
more liberal than, for instance. Air Force
Academy students, and are therefore
capable oi specializing the military. This
argument also assumes that subsequent
military experiences will not reduce these
Student's liberalism to the level of the
average Air Force Academy graduate.
Others. equally opposed to the role oi
the military in American life, [ind these
arguments unconvincing, being unsup«
posted by any relevant evidence. While
few of these feel that Gl‘innell's termination of the ROTC contract would rep
recent a devastating blow to the military,
they nevertheless feel that. Grinnell
should terminals the contract. Their are
moment largely tests on the symbolic
grounds that this act would represent
an explicit attack by a relatively prev—
various institution on the totally disastrous policies and politicians dangerous influence of the military in American policies. They also feel that substam
dial pressure from the academic com.
trinity might client the military's role.
The new faculty members who concentrate on the national level are those
most likely to support termination oi the
GREY-—
(Continued on Page 4, Column 1)
A Challenge
ll Limit to Freedom
By RICHARD SCHMlECHEN
it is argued that removal of Credit
for ROTC is the removal of the freedom
to take this alternative. Within this limited context, there ls the removal of freedom, but in a more subtle but more realistic and important context; academic
credit for ROTC limits freedom to: all
Grinnell males.
ROTC is included in the college catalogue, in all the general information on
Grinnell. This is a subtle and often not
so subtle entertainment by not only
ROTC but also Grinnell to join the pro<
gray. Neither the college nor ROTC encourage: the other alternative to military service. No [equity ls filed, no
space provided, and certainly no academic credit is given to those interested
in the other alternatives. This is neither
tree nor equal nor liberal. Filing a CO
form is just as time computing as a
ROTC course, and it takes a great deal
more thinking. Grinnell type thinking.
Not military thinking.
All the departments at Grinnell College am in some way preproiessional.
My objective to the ROTC program is
that it is preprciessional in a particular
way, antagonistic to the Grinnell policy
of freedom of academics. The ROTC boys
will often argue that the program will
help them in their careers, that ROTC
is no different than teacher training or
journalism. The teacher training program at Grinnell has its curriculum controlled by the school and the faculty
hired by the board of trustees. ROTC
faculty is hired by the military, and
ROTC curriculum is not subject to any
kind of review.
To get a cleaner view of what tell
means, one needs only to imagine what
Grinnell would be like, would General
motors move an executive training pro«
gray into Pine Tree and the Saturday
Evening Post move 3 Journalism school
into White House. Such a program may
have saved the Saturday evening Post
but it would certainly harm Grinnell
College and its students. Grinnell would
SCHMIECHEN—
sponsored on Pay I. Column in
 
Page Two
EDITORIALS
We win’t Gonna Study War No More?
“The only thing necessary to the trlumpll or evil is that good
men do nothing.” Edmund Burke
Many defend AFROTC as merely another course of study, its presence war—
ranking no moral decision. We disagree. ROTC, in any form, is an integral part of
the American military complex, which is in turn often the instructor and always
the instrument of violence in American foreign policy. A moral stand must inevitably
be taken. Even those who disregard the issue because Grlnnell is small and few
students are involved, are taking a moral stand — that ol silent complexity. The
very existence of the Armed Forces must be either totally supported or concerned, and those who remain silent unavailable give their yacht agreement to
this military complex.
The popular defense of the well-educated soldier, the set-called “liberal longer
on the trigger” hypothesis, is based on the assumption that the power of the
military will be used mostly and humanity by intelligent men. There are at least
two businesses in this myth.
First, this idea may very Well have been valid back in the middle ages when
a man was a gentleman first and a soldier second, but this is no longer the case
Today’s army makes soldiers, pure and simple, who all fit the same, well dis
joined mold. Individualism, whether a result of education or any other factor, is
discouraged to the point where, after military training and interpretation, the
difference between a Grinnell soldier and a Texas Tech soldier is doubtlully Very
great.
A second wellness is that, given the structure of military life and the simple
directions of the chain of command (I say, therefore, you do), it is reasonable to
assume that, even if a man tried to implement. the lessons of his liberal education,
he would very probably prove to be elderly interactive, (and has proved so, many
will testing).
It is apparent that, whatever the future status of AFROTC at Grinnell, our
decision here will not shake the world: we will not ensure the success or the device
of the military by what we do. This trees us to consider the principle involved in
the question, and allows us to act: totally upon what we decide. The sides are
drawn. will we specifically demonstrate our aviation to both war and the military
by reducing to admit the compatibility of an obvious instrument of violence with
the headlines of a liberal education, and disciplines any college ties with a
preparation for that violence? or will we, by remaining silent or continuing our ate
situation with ROTC, become accompanied to that violence, in essence continuing.
the existence and actions of the military, and affecting the proposition that any.
liberal arts graduate is only half a man without a few watches on his full handle?
The decision is ours, and it is too important to be ignored or taken lighter. The
principle ’nvolved, complexity “All! the military and consistent support rendered
its basic policies and even its very existence, is too fundamental a contamination to
the philosophy and beliefs of this college for us to be content with hallrway measures.
0ui- position must be made absolutely cle . all ties with ROTC must be immediately and completely published. Rather than hopelessly concentrate on Council Col—
legs‘s discrimination oi the U.s. Air Force, let us constructively concentrate on our
llbeidlizatlon of Gl'illness College.
S.K., an, KH.
Now is the Time
This weekend one of the most arabic events or our time, the investigation of
Dr. Mai-tin Luther King, will be commemorated. This is not the time for linking
it a long weekend in Chicago, or starting your drinking a day earlier, or even
spending an extra few hours in the library, just because classes have been called
off for Friday. This is not Just another Gl‘lllllell Weekend. This is a time for taking
a long and hard look at ourselves, both as individuals and as a total community.
What did this man stand for? Why was he killed? Who killed him? And maybe
most importantly, how can we develop ourselves and our community so float he
will not have died in main?
D.s.
So Happy Together
Some time in the near future, the Student finally Committee will meet to decide
the status of next year's directories, their gender and distribution. This is the
perfect opportunity to examine the results of the counter Experiment, with an
eye to both perceived this cold directory and institution others of the same type.
The increased social mobility and case of campus lite which has resulted from
this year's integration of computer has been obvious. but equally obvious is the
fact that there is still room for enormous growth in this area. The overwhelming‘
success of the counters has shown us that, rather than be content With the half
and half division of the computer, the entire directory system should be modules
as much as physically possible on the idea of cold directories. alternative men’s
and women’s forms and formation of shared-lounge forms would ensure the evolu»
tion of this natural living situation into majority.
There are at least two other hall completed on campus which offer possibilities
for a Younkeretype shared-lounge situation: Loose, and East and West morris, both
of which should be made functional in this way as soon as possible. Arguments such
ls cost and the possibility of substantial public outcomes pale beside the enormous
benefits the addition of these completed would provide. fri institution which can
parish money on such injuries as unnecessary reception centers and multimillion
dollar game rooms can certainly, with a little planning, find the funds to instantly
a few animals and install them workplace else. And since when has Grinnell been
afraid to step continuously and ambitiously in new directions and, despite closeminded public statement, forge new paths toward truly liberal education? We
urge the Student Affairs Committee to act relatively in this matter, and proVide
Gl'innell with the mature social structures it needs to become the ”experience" it
processes to be.
K. H.
SCARLET AND BLACK
l talk of the town l
by fredrlcka nelson
I worlds't say that grinnell has n
different aspect alter break, though the
smell of spring moisture is in the air
and the grass is hunting from its greatest that it just might turn green and
surprise us all — maybe give us a staff
of new life inside. . .
though places can go through seasons,
they do not have the kind 0! changes in
the middle of somewhere and lifetime
that are characteristic of people. i think
many of us have returned, furnished by
new relationships or renewal by configurations, to look around again at our
places in statewide and dream or
change. i think many know that creating is funny and fantastic until it is
times into doing. we need to learn to
make what We ﬁnd into what we want.
>0! * III l‘
a friend of mine shared a fantasy with
me just yesterday. we agreed that this
country with its colleges of various
kinds and its multi-Various peoples is
long average for its apocalypse. the
friend had seen a horse in the sky drawing a charity of doomechange. the horse
was an open and the people who saw
it tried to interview its meaning, was it
had or good?
it was a stallion beautifully free With
no being binding it behind the doomsman.
its houses were drawn out into the
clouds behind it and its head was serving
ing for the blue openings. there was llei—
[her sharing nor l‘level‘.
among mandate things the horse is
rare, but lmlteethe-less real. opens are
all around [or those who travel to notice
if they Wlll. places don’t change, but
April 4 m9
The charles & Black
Grinnoll College,
Grinnell, iowa
An independent news»
paper published weekly.
during holidays
null
tiger.
and examination periods.
a by the Grinnell Com-
Qd more on Student board—
‘iy/ chris. Suhsnlptlon
MWNSE rate 35.00 Der school
yea
susan mssm
.nnucr: STROM
Editor .,.._
nurlnm Manage
questions oi travelers and relate our
own experiences in such a way that we
will further our abilities to understand
and to make our dreams into qualities.
these shared experiences help each of us
interview the places we call our own.
enough. . . .
not because enough has been said, but
because i cannon say these things as
Well as they should be said.
* 3k * )0!
friends of ms. king will be glad to
know that i am no longer misinforming
them when i say that she has returned
and her shop is quite open.
also
the friendly breaks of 3271/; broad, in.
reading the cat and {our beautiful fitness,
and their other people friends want to
wish mr. earl brown the best of luck in
his new business. the variety will never
be the same, though young mr. daniorth
tries very hard. readers, stop at paglai’s
pizza in materials, missouri and say
hello to mr. brown.
=l< * * >l<
readers and friends,
you are partially invited to come and
visit our fitness and look over our col<
leCtlorl 0i addition that We are selling as
“furniture.” (fitness not for sale)
directly overhead dr. terguson’s office
on broad street and the stairway is on
the leIlh side.
good day.
people in new places are able to see
what inn’t so apparent to the nations.
hopefully each of us will be able to ask
 
 
iii paul State
The sports of lawn Attorney genes-n1 Richard Turner have been flashing away
ill Grinnell for several monthly now, and so far most of tvs have managed to keep
our pl‘ovelbial cool. But the latest star by the Des modules Crusader has cut a
bit too deeply to be ignored.
The Turner investigation of the listening incident at Gl'illness was so delicious
that It llaldly related editorial comment. The latest Turner fiasco is so outrageous
that it series all the write that can be squeezed out of a typewriter.
As Griiinellinns were happens packing up for their annual Spring count into the
real world, Richard Turner attempted lo cassette the already female Movement
at principal by cutting oil his organ of communication. On March l3
state agents Hildef the direction of Turner — without a warrant m conﬁstated material that was to have been printed in Ptel'odnctyl, Grinnell’s “underground” paper.
The Des points Register called the actions of the Attorney General’s Diilce
“shopping" and “humanitarian.” We would Call them applicable and intolerable.
Fl'for regarding and membership arc Concepts resulting to anyone concerned
with protecting the rights of free press and free speech. But such total disregard
for due process or law, such instant compression of the freedom oi expression,
should provide even the most synthetic Grinnellian.
The culture affair tracks Soul'ly of hookburning, and if the values of this institution are worth anything at all, Grinnellians had better wake up and do some
firefighting. The book you save may eventually be your oivn.
Tile Iowa Civil libraries Union should be commented for volunteering its
services to the Pterodactyl state members who have filed an $11,000 damage suit
against the Attorney General’s office in an effort to remain the complicated material.
Turner’s testimony in the Case has been rather housing. He claimed that
opera is “observe” because ”it appeals to the prurient interest,” despite the fact
that there has been no judicial determination on the matter. Can We present that
Mr. Turner meant to say that diego appeals to his prurient interest? That would be
quite Et weather in the caps of the Flow staff.
Turner also claimed that no leisure Occurred, since the printer volunteered to
give Ptero's material lo State agents. it is clear. however, that the material was
volunteered by the printer only after the Attorney General had requested it. In any
event, Turner's regular to metal‘ the material to its rightful owners on the Ptero
staff makes him solely responsible for the paper’s compression, regardless of
whether or not all actual leisure occurred.
It was also housing that after concerning Ptero as “observe trash,” Turner
certified that he hadn’t read the copy completely. (Perhaps this is a instrumentation
of the “blind justice” we hear so much about.) Turner explained, “It's too dis<
listing.”
The storm browser tactics of Richard Turner are what we find discussing.
They appeal to the african interest. They are elderly without receiving social
value. And, to use Mr. Turner’s terminology, they are mere trash.
Hopefully the courts will act rapidly in resulting Pterodactyl to its higheflying
position by pulling the sword of Richard Turner and pulling him back in his place,
wherever that may be.
l-hopefully, even here in Nowhere, U.S.A., the pen is still lighting than the
sword. ll it is not, the sad state at Iowa is in a ladder state than many of us had
shared. MB.
 
llridiy. April 4. lm
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page three
 
lETTERS
Test Your Relevance
To the Editor oi the charles and Black:
Students have expressed, ol late, some
dissatisfaction with the present system
of Senior Comprehensive Examinations.
We feel that academic institutions should
be respective to student needs and statements. It would seem, therefore, that
a general interdisciplinary comprehensive examination, designed to allow the
student to interview the Grinnell Experience m his own way, might prove more
valuable in his educational development
than the traditional method of academic
measurement in current user
Herewith we submit a model comprehensive examination, well suited not
only to the facilities oi the average
liberal arts student. but also to his cons<
en fields Of interest. We make no claims
as to the universal accessibility oi the
model. we do hope, however, that it
may suggest a new direction for those
dedicated faculty examining who are
truly concerned with the maintenance
oI Grinnell‘s high Standards of moral,
athletic, and intellectual achievement
1. Write a brief essay on “Law ali—
agreement”, without usliig the word
diego.
1. Define briefly:
a) Clark l-call
b) the charles and Black
c) the Attorney General oi the state
of Iowa
d) mystery meat
, Draw, label, and explain a campus
dog.
. Give a synopsis of the prospect Theory
oi liability. Do not. peter to autumn
files.
. justify Chief meters
. What is Saga Chuck’s real name? Be
sure to take into account both symposium and surgery, particularly as
these relate to function and structure
in the first tour chapters. Your answer should display ability to synthesize critical theory and empirical
evidence.
7. Discuss directory living in {our let<
iers or less.
a. Examine In depth, the sociopolitical,
quasiebotanciol descriptions oi the
“anybody” concept, as contributed in
Gates l-call Lounge Coniroiitation at
5 February, 1969.
ll. Examine and document the ontological argument {or the existence oi
.- especially as interpreted by
Pierodactyl. ..
ll). It has been said that: “The College
Bookstore is a liable alternative."
Comment.
Barbara Wolf '46
Julie Wolf '70
holly Wolf ’71
STORY'S GULF
II Featuring
NOW:
Lawn Seed &
Fertililer,
corners 8i
Gallup Equipment
1003 MAIN
expression is No Alternative
To The Editor
It has become a Springtime tradition
{or certain segments of the Grinnell
student community to wage some kind
of war on the socalled “military-ink
district complex.” This year is no exception. Unfortunately, while the usual
filtering is at an conscious, non-substances nature, this year’s today is
planned televisions. televisions to those
who voluntarily choose the option oi
AFROTC.
Here, one notes that persons who
expense the unavailable nature of indi—
visual rights are managing on their own
philosophy. Apparently, the pendulum
things likely only for those who agree
with the proper channel of thought, In
short, one must think as he is told; i.er
one must be resulted by any aspect of
the military whether it be General delay or the Grinnell AFRCTC unit. And
if one does not agree that the military is
bad per Se, that “ideal" will be com
currently endorsed for him. indeed, each
individual should teen privileges to have
persons acting in logo parental for him
This coin, however, has two sides
(nancy thats). Certain individuals who
are planning their futures may decide
that an AFROTC Program is the solution to their military commitments. i
would suggest that these persons are
not ‘Fascists" or “limitations” a priori.
They may be people who want to initial
their military obligation in a way that
may enable them to use their college
operations to best advantage,
5.G.A, President Tom Thomas implies
in a recent statement that OCS programs are readily available to desktops
graduation students. What driver! To
enter Air Force officer training. one
must be physically acceptable for pilot
training. To enter Army oct, however,
I do concept that one need only desire
to go to Vietnam as an industry officer.
humor has it that the majority oi graduation seniors might not be interested
in the Army’s “generous" offer.
Ill View of the limited alternatives
presently available to graduation sen<
ill'S. undelclassmen may be interested
in the AFROTC Program. Moreover,
some students may be interested and
some may not be interested. But my
point is this: if some individuals see
AFRDTC as a reasonable way to solve
their own particular problems, why
must others issue il directive that would,
in sheet, receive the rights oi persons
seeking AFROTC as an alternative to
the draft? Why?
My theory regarding this question is
that some people at Griiinell College are
approved that a new people in their community wear uniiorms and drill. Some
people in other communities are approved that a new people wear boards
and long hairy Perhaps the optimal solution would be to english AFROTC,
boards, and long hair.
precious is each in lvidual’s right to
decide for himself —— even if it does not
confirm to the decision that the majority would make.
Stan Wezelman
Step Up To
JD‘S RESTAURANT
avi Main
Mon. . Sci. 5 la in pm.
Sunday — Noon 0- in pm.
“Don't Come Back Ci money"
By HELEN GLOVER
and BARBARA PARTEE
Before leaving Le wayne-Owen COL
legs and regarding on this great cultural (the beautiful drama ol feet in ARI-l
during a movie and GeOlgc oi the Jungle
on Saturday earnings) and academic (the time and effort placed
into independence, ha!) experience, an
definition was heard posting up in
every conversation with the young per—
pre our age, students or not, and it was:
“Don‘t come back a honey.” We just
women't suppose to leave our “Black Irr
/
YT Issue nuclear
To the Editor of the 5&3:
During the week before Spring access
the campus mail was handed with
means and countermemos concerned
with whether academic credit should be
removed from ROTC courses. while
about equally divided on whether it
should or should not be, they were alike
in falling to delivered the exact issue before the Faculty. In this letter I Will set
out my understanding or the issue and
my position on it.
Let‘s look carefully at the "Young
bulk” (YT. the stage between YD 01‘ YR.
and VFW) motion which started this
controversy; more particularly, at the
reason given to "dis-credit" ROTC
courses. it was that the Faculty could
not Control the ROTC Curriculum, as it
does other currently, the former being
prescribed by tale Department ol the Air
Force (DAFL In the listing discussion,
it became apparent that, while there is
a provision in the College's contract with
the DAF which technically seems to imcity the YT claim (see Tom Thomas'
memo of March l2), in practice the DAF
regards the alleged "subscriptions” as
guidelines.
Now, in fact the present ROTC insti'actors do {allow these guidelines, but
they maintain that they are under no
commission to do so. Thus, it seems to
me that whether or not the resulting
courses are good or bad (and I will
not be so presumptuous as to judge this
issue) reflects on the individual ROTC
instructor; not on the contract prove<
sign. as is implied by the YTs. For it a
course were bad, say because its instructor followed DAF guidelines, the
College Could discuss him and require
that the now (me not follow them. (That
this latter course at action is possible is
confirmed by a March 14 memo from
the Department oi Aerospace Studies to
the Faculty.) it this line or - zoning
is moment, both the Lindblom Criticism of
ROTC courses as “Simple‘linked”
(5&3, March 7) and the Armstrong et a1.
answer that they're not “at the bottom of
the Grinnell barrel” are irrelevant to
the YT motion. even it they are relevant
to an assessment of the ROTC program
on other grounds.
in response to this argument the YT's
(would, of course, sense on the letter of
the contract. But to do so seems to me
to big the question at hand, since they
could just as well sense on the spirit
of the contract as recently consolidated by a visiting DAF official. Further,
there may well he an explanation for
the apparent experience ot the letter and
statutory" and come here and try to assimilate or else we would lose Contact with
the black people at home.
The social atmosphere of principal is
indeed different [min Le MoylierOwen,
but lots or the problems that exist on
this campus are quite the same. For instance, idst semester the students at Le
wayne-Owen revealed against the student government and it took several
mass meetings to get things straight
again. Our underground newspaper was
very efficient in criticizing the relation<
ship between the faculty and the students. The president of Le wayne70web
is getting ready to return and last November, the students gave him a big surprise. Tliere were concentrations against
such things as senior comprehensives,
mod in the cafeteria which ill the end
caused the students to go on strike
against all pay facilities on campus, the
trading system, the attitude of the college towards the rest at the community,
and anything else that reserved a good
demonstration There were large dis—
sessions between our president, the administration, and the students. The most
important fragrances were settled and
the others became promises of the futures
From the beginning we have been
treated as it we really believed to Grinnell. We feel that more students from Le
wayne—Owen did not participate in the
exchange program because most of them
Wanted to attend a small college which
wash’t too far from their homes; a
semester at Griiinell meant a larger
college without a homes atmosphere.
But, aim being here for half a semester,
we think principal is very copy since our
'best studies are our roommates and
the “folks" that live in our calls. We are
enjoying our experience at Grilinell and
we sincerely hope the exchange students
at Le connected can say the same.
___/
the spirit of the contract. As Mr. Fridlund, the visiting law processor, has
pointed out to me. the contract provision may he worked as it is to quality the
budget-linked compression who is various to see that the Government gets
its money's worth from an expensive
ROTC program.
obviously. one cannon inner from the
above considerations that there are no
grounds whatsoever for disecredlting
ROTC courses. Indeed, I think that
there are some very invisible ones. however, it is uniortunaie that they haven’t
been introduced in Faculty meeting as
supporting the YT motion,
Peter norman, Physics
and Philosophy at Science
——’:;=
} Schmiechen
continued from Page 1
no longer be free or liberal or even me
main 3 “Good" school.
Such a prerproiessional program may
ostensibly increase alternatives for std<
cents at Grinnell, but in reality it would
be impressive and destruction,
Such programs are not only limiting
in the students who take them, but un—
hair to those who don't. it certainly gives
no credit to the college.
 
DANISH MAID BAKERY
The Finest In salaries
Usual and Unusual.
did FOURTH AVENUE
 
Page Four
} Grey
Continued from Page 1
relationship rather than its regulation.
For most faculty members, the college
level is the most important level of discussion. The important questions at this
level tend to he: does the ROTC program
confirm to the standards applicable to
all other courses at the college, and if
not, can it be made to confirm to these
standards.
The argument has been made that both
the contract the school has signed with
the Air Force, and the laws establishing
the ROTC, provide that the contents of
ROTC courses are to be determined by
the Air Force, and the books used in
these courses are to be prepared by the
Air Force. it is further argued that
the staff members who teach these
TASTY
PASTRY
makers
Goods
263-4385 923 Broad
Friday, April 4, I95!
m
poverty Conference Program Announced
courses are proposed by the Air Force.
although the college may reject them.
Thus, some Grinllell processors mama
tax the ROTC program is independent of
the College. Unlike other courses, the
ROTC courses do not receive additional,
executive council, and faculty approvals.
Since faculty can control neither the
Contents nor the Standards of these
courses, they should not be regarded as
acceptable academic courses determine
academic credit.
There are two basic objectives to their
argument: (1) that Air Force control,
although provided for by the contract
and the law, is not really exercises, and
(2) that the faculty dress’t really control
any courses. However, the Air Force
does set goals and established limits on
the contents of these Courses, and if
at any time Washington officials Should
chose to pay attention to Grinnell, they
have the legal authority to every control
beyond what the faculty normally has
over courses. Thus ROTC independence
of faculty control is a publication step
greater man that of any other course
or department.
It is the independence of faculty control that is the main basis of the movement to deny credit to ROTC courses.
There are other less central arguments
motivation this movement. Some de—
script ROTC courses as accounting the
specific political and military viewpoints
of the Air Force, and thus proselytizing
rather than promoting a dispassionate
search for the truth.
For those who argue at the college levy], there is no question of termination
of our Contract with ROTC. The question
at this level is how independent ROTC
 
For Your
Shop counter's
FOR YOUR
SPRING
FORMAL
Smarlly styles By
morris web
and
Lanz
counters 4th Ave. sessions, inc.
GRINNELL'S COMPLETE STYLE SHOP FOR WOMEN
SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY
Store Hours:
Noon 'Til 9 bondage; 9
“m 5 Tuesday thru Saturday
The committee planning the Student
Symposium on Poverty has announced
the names or the conference speakers
and the topics of the panel discussions.
On April 22, Robert roles, research
psychiatrist at Harvard University will
give the opening address providing an
overview of poverty in America and a
general definition of the problems involved in reducing poverty. Also on
Tuesday, Grant Crandall, senior political science major, will moderate a panel
on Urban poverty with conflicts Craig
Beverly, administrator of the Milwaukee
inner City Development Project, Robert
comes. and Philip caused, professor of
sociology and director at the Population
Research and Training Center at the University of Chicago.
We panels and two lectures will take
place on Wednesday, April 23. Dick
party, junior anthropology major. will
moderate a panel on Rural Poverty
made up of Harry M. Caudill, attorney
at law and author, Robert roles, sorry
Huge, attorney at law and participant
in the southern Center for Studies in
Public Action, and Tom Sasaki, associate
professor of sociology and anthropology
at Johns Hopkins University. Roy links,
Executive Director of the Congress on
Racial Equality, will speak on the (actor
of black subcultures in American power-
R
is, and whether this independence is so
compatibility great that we should deny
them credit. Some faculty are concerned
that the denial of academic credit would
have the same effect as termination of
our contract even if it would take longer.
However, there are now six institutions
which give no credit for Army ROTC
and 3 which give no credit for AFRoTC,
and in none of these cases has the ROTC
program been withdrawn by the military,
Finally, there is a group which can
riders all the above questions irrelevant,
and quibbling about initial principles. To
these individuals, the most relevant faCA
for is that no students are being formed,
and that some are being helped. They
favor the retention or the ROTC contract
on the grounds that some could not attend Grinnell without ROTC funds.
This appears to be a horrible narrow
perspective to take on this issue, Surely
Grinnell is not so poverty strictly that
it must depend on the Air Force to finance the education of determine std<
cents.
ty. Wednesday’s schedule,is completed
by a lecture on the role of community
organization in reducing poverty by paul
Alinsky, Executive Director of the InduSn
trial Areas Foundation, followed by a
panel on the same topic led by Diane
Ruvﬂclaire including paul Alinsky, Edv
win kerry, Executive Director or the
Chicago Urban League, stones books
administrator of the Southern Christian
Leadership Conference, James sorry,
New York social worker, and the Rev
trend Calvin 5. Morris, associate tired<
for ot the National Operation Bread—
basket.
On Thursday, April 24, the final panel
will deal with governments role in re
during poverty. Howard Ward, a senior
political science major, will moderate
the discussion among Anthony towns
evaluating present attempts to eliminate
poverty and attempting a diagnosis o!
poverty in America.
During the Symposium several com»
munich action and social welfare groups
will be represented on campus. The student body is encouraged to look into
these construction organizations for
summer work. Throughout the days of
the conference there will be many small
discussion groups for students to discuss further with the speakers the proc
less and conflicts brought out by the
panels and lectures.
} Purdom
Continued from Page 1
township with a wide range of college:
and universities.
A student in the Air Force program on this campus is consistently challenged in his ideas, his
beliefs and his conclusions. He should
1 think, be more perception and sensitive
citizen and officer as a result. By the
same token, so long as AFROTC main<
gains a position as an integral academic
department, the Faculty, Administration, and students have a better opportunity to exercise strong influence over
the kind of education given to future
officers. For example, the AFROTC pro
gray has met, and will continue to
meet, all requirements established by
Grinnell College for review and approval
of curriculum and instructional staff. Actions which looked the bonds between
the academic community and the Air
Force ROTC program are therefore, i
believe, aggressive.
 
Your Spring Formal
Representatives
On And Off Campus
Roger joe
Ralph Chri
sorry Nelson
Cowles Don Peterson
North ..
Loose
Nomi Campus Mary Stuart
. Dave coleman
Rick prayer
South Campus can Lower
on Campus .. . Tom Lower
CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVE
Tom Lower — Ph. 236-3232
BATES FLOWERS
1012 Broad
236-3197
 
Friday. Apia 4. low
SCARLET AND BLACK
Page Fin
 
suggest Letter Explains Events of Playboy Incident
Editors note: The following
letter is being sent by President
suggest to alumni and parents
in order to make clear the happenings concerning the Playboy
incident. The letter is being
run here in order that students
may be aware or the kind ol
explanation being made by the
administration.
The “listening” incident at
February 5 has been the subject or a great deal or publicity and comment, with some
corresponding misinterpretation, and I believe it would
be useful it 1 gave you a plain
account of the matter.
On Wednesday, February 5,
Mr. price proper, the college
promotion manager of Playboy
magazine, was on campus for
discussions with students. He
was one oi a series at persons
who had been invited, at different times, by a committee
of students and resident advisors to present a point of
view that would speak to an ass
pest of “The Social, Psychological, and sexual Aspects of
international Relationships.” Among the other invited
speakers had been Dr. center
Kirkendall, an expert on family lite; Dr. William Roy, gone
colonial; Dr. Evelyn gender, an
expert on child care and material health; Dr. lane garden,
psychiatrist: and the Reverend
Mr. John merger, Episcopalian
priest. However individuals on
the campus might feel about
Playboy, the committee left
 
 
THE
RING
BOOT
We don't know who started it . ..
the guys or the gays But center
has a solid hit on their hands.
The sole-less ring boot. .
in bulk/Bronco Hide leather.
MEN'S
And
LADIES'
Brown's Shoe Fit Company
CHARGE ACCOUNTS welcome
Your Bank americans Welcome Here
that the magazine had a wide
circulation, that its philosophy
was widely promoted, and that
a thoughttul and open discussion of this philosophy would
be desirable.
The discussion in question
took place in Gates Hall
Lounge, starting about 4
o’clock. According to the eve—
dance given me, about 75 persons were present, including
two or three resident advisors
and the president of the student
body. Mr. Tom Thomas. Mr.
proper made a brief opening
statement about the "Playboy
Philosophy” concerning relationships between men and
women. After his opening remarks, there was a discussion
for 10 or 15 minutes. Then six
women and four men, all std—
cents, who had been sitting on
the ﬂfor 0“ to one side of the
lounge, rose, discover. resumes
their seats, and song “You‘ve
Got to Walk That Lonesome
Valley." During this period,
some other students (they were
dressed) passed among the
others in attendance, hanging
out the following statement,
entitled “Playboy Magazine ls
a Moneerilallger in the Temple
ol the Body":
Playboy claims to expense
a philosophy that aspects the
body is good and the body is
beautiful, but Playboy designs the human body. preventing to appreciate and respect the beauty of the naked
human form, Playboy in authority stereotypes the body
and cammercializes on it.
Playboy constitutes finishing
for honest appreciation oi the
endless variety or human
forms.
Playboy says the body is
good, but posing as moderator
it offers us a sexuality of
“subjects" and “objects" —
of those who desire and act,
and those who are desirable
and after upon. Thus sexual
activity is dehumanized and
depersonalized.
We believe that the human
body is good and beautiful,
but a senegal and synthetic
appreciation ot the body cannon be disorder from an appreciation of and respect for
persons, or both sites, or all
shapes and sizes, We protest
Playboy‘s images or laptop
female playthings with organized productions and their
junior - executive - on - the way - up processors. The
Playboy bunny is an airport
to human sexual density.
While this statement was being handed out, several other
persons who had come with
cameras photographer the demonstration and some others
present. Some of the nude dem»
indicators did stand, but at no
time did any oi them picture
or walk around. after the brief
period of singing, the discussion between Mr. proper and
the audience continued. Some
of those students who had discover participated in the discussion, challenging Mr. proper over the View of women
represented by Playboy, that
sexuality can be disorder from
personal meaning. After some
fifteen minutes, the students
who had discover put their
clothes back on. The discussion
then continued for about thirty
minutes longer.
Within an hour and a half,
a local “stronger" had put the
story and photographs in the
hands or the Des points news
media, one or which was a wire
service, which distributed one
or more or the pictures on its
national wire. There is no point
in our saying that the news
media “sensationalized” the
case. The incident did happen,
and we are all aware by this
time that what makes frontpage news is “newsworthiness”
and is not subject to our own
nations or hair play or can
science.
When the student means and I
met the next morning, we
agreed that the first step was
 
Your last Check
From home
just founded? '
Think it over, over coffee
TheTllink Drink. ‘
unummn one tm
fhlnhDilr-htdu', Duyrl N, -
M7!£lnlymnnmundndlullb¢
luﬂs. sumo, mmoou in. llllemltlon-i roll-IDq-million.
to get accurate identification oi
the demonstration; then talk to
them individually and notify
their parents. Accordingly.
means Low and Thompson talked to students and resident advisors who had been at the
meeting, secured the names or
the demonstration, and then
sent copies or the following let-
[er to them:
You have been identiﬁed as
one or a group at students
who diamond in Gates Lounge
on the Grinnell campus last
Wednesday, February 5, with
the stated purpose at protecting the visit of 2 Playboy
magazine representative and
his magazine’s unsavory commercial exploitation or wornanhood.
By a access or reaction
that by now has become very
familiar to college computer,
the incident has time harm to
the college's educational effort by managing its public
reputation. M o s t probably.
your action will ﬁrally have
less impact on the problems
you describe than it will in
continuing many in their belief that experiences no
count, that the college “looks
bad,” and that when its good
action is publicity, even that
will be somehow suspect. At
any rate we do make the
point that your action has
left the human issues less
usefully defined, and in some
quarters has generated a re
action antagonistic to the college and to its educational
goals.
On a personal level, we
note that the problems generated by a conﬂict oi this sort
(that is, problems created by
doing expensive damage to the
institution that you presum.
nhiy are geneﬁking from are
becoming steadily more complex.
We are sending a copy ol
this letter to your parents
and would invite you and/or
your parents to discuss the
implications of this incident
with us.
The process of talking individually with the students took
some time. Several of tile students reserved (ltd fact that
their parents had been sent
copies of the letter. But the
College is clearly dedicated to
inform the parents of students
who may be involved in a disciplinary action; this obligav
tion is particularly urgent if
the national news media are
publishing an account (and a
picture) pt what the student
has done. While the means were
talking to the students involved.
several other students began
LEGGE'IT LETTER—-
(Continued Page 5, Column 1)
"LIKE 'Povlsx'rv’ And ’ci'via
rights) and ’integrate'on’ before
it, 'hunger is n shoppers, value,
open-ended ward, loaded with
emotional impact. typically,
newspaper coverage begins, in the
headlines, with ’hunger’; only well
into the glory doeril become clear
lhntwhnl is usually it issue is illustration, disease or insurance. It
in, [new it, easier and more excuse
ingrainzk about is. a i... may .r
'hunger‘ rhnn Wm. r. lucia-V’ebony maine- l “r
m‘tion," r. low 2. as. it
* N. 1. lime. "
 
bugs Six'
SCARLET AND BLACK
Friday, April 4, lm
 
} Leggeil’ Letter
(Continued from Page 5)
to calculate positions questions
log the method used by the
demonstration and to express
concern over the way the news
media had handled the deliver‘
strategic.
In the meanﬂme, the Grinllell
demonstration, along with some
profiles at other computer in
Iowa, led several members at
the Iowa legislature, then
in assembly in Des holmes, to
speak out their thoughts on col-
logo and university “disorders"
on the ﬂour of the General ASsembly. The Attorney General
or the state, Mr, Richard Turner, was reported in the news
as saying that he was “requiring into the nude demonstra»
tion at Grinnell and the use or
observe language at iowa City
and Ames to see it any laws
have been isolated." Shortly
after this report, I was called
upon in my office by an Assistant Attorney General who explained courteously that he and
several of his associates were
visiting the campus and the
 
liddiiihh’d JEWELRY
Corner 4th & blood
Grinnell, Iowa
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Being with each other, doing things together . . . knowing that your infection is growing into precious and
ensuring lover mapping, all these published moments
will be forever symbolized b
y your diamond engagement
ring. if the name, Keepsake. is in the ring and on the tag.
you are assured of fine quality and lasting satisfaction.
The engagement diamond is flashers, of superb color,
and precise modern out. Your Keepsake however will
assist you in making your selection . . . He's in the yellow
pages under'prefers.“ Rings from $100 to $10,000i
Illustrations enhanced to show
details'state-mark reg.
A. H. Fund (30.. inc., Est. 1892.
Keepsake»
DIAMOND must
__.__. ______ -_____..1
HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDlNG
Please and new rooms booking.
"How To Plan Your Engage-
ment and wedding" and new 12-page full color folder, both for
only 250. Also, Send special ﬁller cl beautiful 44-17398 Bride's Book.
Name
R
M
plate—K‘ﬂpﬁ
l
I
l
l
l
Audra" i
R
l
I
KEEPSAKE DlﬂMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, N. Y. 13201
community to inquire him the
matter, They understood and
approved of my desire to COW
for with the legal counsel of
the College before talking at
any length with them about the
matter. Alter such a cDIlierence, and after further dishes—
sign with the student means, I
decided to half any supplier college procedures, to advise the
students to seek legal counsel,
and to consult with their par
ends.
(Both the College and the civil
authorities have standards 01'
behavior they expect from persons within their communities,
and each authority has the
right to its own function. But I
do not believe that in this case
these functions can be operator
simultaneously.)
Tile presence at the Assistant
Attorneys General was imme
dietary widely known on came
put through the workers of
those communication devices,
more practical than real,
which all Small communities
have. The Student Senate passed a resolution calling for students not to corporate with investigators, and those students
who had been circulation
statements and positions disapproving ot the “demonstration"
closed their efforts. Part DI
the news account of this reaction went as follows:
(A Grinnell student) said
plans to calculate positions
accounting the nudity incident were dropped because
state officials “included” on
campus.
He said he believes n majority of Grimlell students
would have signed the positions but “now the campus is
really united against the attempt general's ofﬁoe."
“They are not depending
the demonstration,” he add
ed, “but rather themselves."
Thomas (Tom Thomas,
president oi the student body)
said he tell the majority or
the Student Senate agreed
with the principles or the protest but not necessarily with
the tactics. l-le paraphrased
the statement this way: “I
might not have done it that
way, but I‘ll depend
right to do It."
The incident continued to be
the subject of news reports.
special features, and editorials,
and letters to me and staff persons from alumni, patents, and
interested on-workers. In a few
days it became clear that the
investigators had identiﬁed the
demonstration who would be
supposed before a local justice oi the peace for a preliminary hearing on the charge of
“innocent exposure," a misdemeanor under Iowa law. The
preliminary hearings were held
in Gl‘lonely; the justice or the
peace then remained the case
to the district court, which at
the point of this writing has
not yet met to hear it.
Attitudes toward this whole
case have been characterized
from the beginning by strongly
expressed and diverse opinions.
These opinions exist not only
in the student body and among
the [equity but also in the com
munich, and among alumni and
parents. The following selections from letters addressed to
me by concerned alumni ellis-
[rate the point;
Does Grinnell have extraordinary success in recruiting neui-stick, psychology, and
exhibitionists, or are the law.
ulty and administration exceptionally skillful in transtorming fairly normal students into books and terms?”
Another questioned
“May I ask WHY a representative oi Playboy was allowed on campus and WHY
there was no one in authority
there to break up the meeting
when it got ‘out of sounds’?"
.since toured for the college
“i hope the students can
see that the entertainment
to the college tar outweighed
the damage to playboy. ln
the dealtime you can console yourself with the fact
that at least the students
were not joined by faculty
members, and classes were
not interpreted — nor did p0nice have to he called, C01“based to many other college
treatments you have much to
be thankful for."
your
Be the Belle
of the Ball
Choose the most
bewiiching dress
ever cancer
that
Cl oi from from
Virginia’s Spring
Collection -—
fixes 3 to IT
still others sought to understand the notices
“Grinnell students have
typically decided any means
or protest which gives a lie
to their ends. Thus, recruiting
don‘t get locked in cars or
barrel from buildings, but
are continued with a military cemetery in the middle
or the campus. Buildings
don't get turned down at
Grinnell when students disagree with rules. Instead,
students automatically attack
the problem with more construction means like dishes<
sign groups, meetings with
administrators, symbolic rulebreaking, and persistent permission Though students at
most colleges are very sustainable to the condition oi
adolescent-type reception, pro.
testing the last minor array<
angel, the few Grinnell std«
cents who saw lit to speak
out against the graduation
visual (last May) had the majority to see the reasonable.
news in their president’s
gentle ceiling, so that instead
or demonstration over caps
and towns, Grinnell seniors
made better use or produce
tion by taking the opportunity
to protest against a helpful
and disgracetul war. A white
drive (pigeon) being need
from a graduate‘s down was
a beautiful feature, typical oi
Grinnell Ihiliking and priorities.
“The Playboy philosophy is
alien to everything that a
progressive computational college like Grimell stands for.
But it is so effectively put
forth in all the mass media,
that many men and women,
even at a college like Grill‘
well, are subtle inﬂdenied by
it and blind in its implications. Therefore, 1 was greatly impressed that GrinnelIians showed an awareness of
the significance of the Playboy representative’s participation in a sex education dis
session, and made a courageous 17 u b I i c criticism
against this hypothetical philosophy."
As I Write this letter, the students involved are going
through the painful, and excel.
site, process associated with
legal action. I think it the
better part at wisdom for the
rest of us to remain concerned
but not implement. This kind of
incident, like a few others that
have occurred on the campus,
is particularly sustainable to
the kind of attention the new!
media wishes to give it. We
have a likely, colicemcd, apnic<
plate student body (with an une
common number of talented
photographers wild ioumalists),
and the compatibility of occa«
signal educational publicity is
a misiortune the College must
live with and must ask its
alumni and friends to under
stand.
The revolution going on in
American educational institutions is real and pronounced,
and the construction part of it,
which is the result of unglamorous and sometimes painful
procedures, is not going to receive the same public attention
as does the exhibitionistic or
the generally educational. Colleges can only hope that alumni, parents, and friends will
continue to be supporting and
understanding.
 
'april 4 I969
AILET AND BLACK
M
new: “Optimistic" SEA Future
Jim new. newly elected SGA
president, presented an optimistic outlook on the future of
Grinnell's student government
at a recent interview with the
“:3.
Concerning the Council of
Thirteen, he said that it was
“based on a good concept if it
could be truly representative of
the whole campus." and that
hopefully since the senate‘s fiction concerning student apache,
more students will be calculated to participate in the upcoming elections.
new‘s biggest plan that he
would like to see put into action
is the calling of a general as»
simply four times a year, at
the beginning of each semester
and after each midvsem break.
The purpose of these would
be to provide an open forum
to present different viewpoints
on what has happened and
what will happen at Grinnell.”
Speakers representing different
sections of the campus will
present programs, and committees and administration will
deliver progress reports, “state
neon
WiTH SUPER
$1.05 5i
DiSCQUNT
mac 5
Complete
Home
Permanent
$1.69 SIZE
STOP
SHOP
of the college" addresses.
“Hopefully,” new commented,
"this will calculate participation and new committees may
form out of the general assemblies."
new would like the Senate to
have much more contact with
house treatments and student
advisors, particularly the latter
because of their convenient location on every floor. He also
suggested that certain son of—
ﬁyes should have a salary in»
create, but declined to mention
which ones in particular he was
referring to.
Another program new has in
mind is one where representatives from other area colleges
would visit Grinnell, with
Grinnell doing likewise. Ha
thinks that this would probably
benefit the public image of
Grinnell as well as provide a
better perspective for all colleges concerned,
new said that some of his
policies will “mirror his personality” but right now he has
no defining image of what a
leader should be. He said that
816 5TH AVEN UE
GL-N)
ZE
providers
$1.55 LOTION
$1.85 JAR
$1.65 TUBE
YOUR CHOICE
YOU ¢
no 93
ONLY. ..
41111:?" ’ SAVE
Pterodaotyl Discussed
Behind Closed Doors
l-henry Wilhelm and Lawrence
Frank, two Plerodsctyl staff
members, appeared at the
March 17 meeting of the Grin-
well City Council and requested
copies of the minutes of a
closed—door executive session
during which councilmen discussed the underground papers
Wilhelm and Frank referred
to a March 10 editorial in the
Grinnell Herald Register which
charged that the closed session
called by Mayor Floyd Beaver
was illegal under the Iowa
Code. The editorial said that
the executive session w as
called to discuss Pterodactyl
and the possibility of assign-
he would probably define his
role of SGA president as he
goes along, working “for the
good of the student body, not
necessarily for the preservation of the college system.”
EISQ®UNT
CEWWER
CONCENTRA‘EED
$1. 45 512E
ORAL HYGIENIC
MOUTHWASH
AND GARGLE
SUPER SIZE
$1.98 SIZE
GIBSON
DISCOUNT
PRICE. .
A0
i
Ing I police officer to patrol
the Grinnell College campus
Beaver told Wilhelm that no
minutes of the closed session
were available because it was
“informaL”
Several councilmen customized
the contents of Pterodactyl and
questioned the rationale behind
its publication. “Why does it
have to be published at all?"
Beaver asked.
Wilhelm explained that the
paper is published “to present
different points of View” and
for “cultural calculation.”
“1 don‘t think we'd all necessarily agree that Pterodactyl is
‘cultures’," Beaver replied,
Councilman Alan Jones
(first Ward), who is a his—
tony professor at the College,
made this comment: “it’s no
secret that the paper has
been prospective in nature,
and that it offense the master
and sensor items of the community. In fact, I think it’s
unduly prospective.“
Second Ward Councilman
RUSS Mott told Wilhelm he
thinks the students responsible
for Pterodaciyl want Grinllell to
“be like San Francisco.”
“Let’s leave Grinneli as Grinnell,” Mott said.
Wilhelm said that although
many residents of Glinllell may
be oilendetl by Ptcrotiac‘tel,
“they don’t have to buy it if
they don’t want to."
“We’re al‘ticket ball "or;
freedom ol the pics,"
added.
in
he
h Armstrong
Continued ri-and Page i
ROTC, let's turn to the reasons
elimination is allocated. There
are four common reasons.
First, it is alleged by sorted
ROTC courses fire oi interior
quality and therefore should
not receive credit. Having taken
money orninell courses, 1 can
assure that ROTC courses are
not interior to average Grinneii Courses.
Second. some say that facility
packs control over the ROTC
curriculum Legally, this may
or may not be Valid, I do not
know for sure, But we should
be looking at the actual warnings of the system. To my usr
del'standing, ii any changes
were requested by the college,
changes would be made. It the
change were too much for
ROTC to comply with, the rice
tachiiicnt would probably withdrzlw.
Third, it is stated by some
that the goals of the military
are hypothetical to the goals of
the college. Even printing this
somewhat curious brand statement to be true, the military
and ROTC are not one and the
same. In ROTC courses, act—
comic freedom, distant, discs
argument, etc. are presented
and encouraged, And the goal
of ROTC ls education, which
should not be hypothetical to
the goals of the college.
Fourth, it is stated by some
that ROTC courses are technical training rather than academic investors. In some sec-
New Left Speaks
A campus Conference on the
New Politics has been scheduled for April 16-18, according
to junior Ira joining, chairman
of the Conference’s student
planning committee.
“The purpose of the Conference is to provide an opportunity for the exchange and ex—
animation of the political idea
plugins of the New Left," BOInick told the 5&3.
“The Conference inn't going
to be a circus," he continued.
“Many people right now are
very down on the New Leit.
We want to get them seriously
interested in a political discussion of it."
Among those scheduled to
speak at the three-day Conference is controversial radical
activity Jerry robin
robin, a leader of the nipple
movement, is presently under
investment by a federal grand
jury in Chicago along with
other New Left leaders who are
being charged with crossing
state lines to invite roots during
the Democratic Convention last
August.
Bolnick told the 5&3 that although robin is under investment, he is permitted to leave
Illinois for speaking engagemellis.
Other speakers who have
agreed to attend the Conference
are cal proper, editor of New
Politics magazine; represents-
[We Al Lowenstein (Dem,
N.Y.), who was a prominent
iigtwe in the recent Presidential campaign or regular
Eugene McCarthy; and the
Reverend Andrew Young of the
Southern Christian Leadetsl’np
convenience, who was a close
associate of the late Dl'. cal“tin Luther King.
A polyphonic lecture by writer
and social theories Paul Goodmztll is also scheduled for the
Conference. joining said that
various “resource people” will
be present at the Conference
to reply to the principle speakers.
The Conference on the New
Politics is being cosponsored
by the College’s Program in
Practical Political Etiucarlon
(PPPE) anti the American
Friends 5 e rv i c e Committee
(AFSC).
The Conference is being
planned by student represents—
[Ives from SlX organizations on
tile Gi'innell campus. They
are: Bolnick (YR’S), Howard
Ward (CBS), Todd Frietilander
(YD‘s), Bonnie winter (sue),
Andy Loewi (AWARE), and
Tom Triplett (56A).
Elections . . . .
The election for C. of l'i.Pe
President and AWS Board Plc5<
event will be held honda
April 7 in the lunch lines. CE
updates for the C. of HP. pool—
tion are seniors Bruce listen
and Mike Penzner, and sophomore honest boston. Sally
l-cayman is the only candidate
for the A.w.s. position. santa—
[We plans are being made by
the candidates to discuss their
views on the radio or in an
open discussion Sunday evening,
[sons of the curriculum this is
true. But no more than in chemstry, physics, biology. mathematics, etc.
 
Page sight
Where the Truth parts i
By TOM THOMAS
The United States today faces a catherine e a dead end brought about by the
failure of American liberalism multi—
rating in the Johnson administration.
This discrimination, however, has corn»
founded the tragedy of the situation
through its navigation of American radicalism, Having been suspected to the
reactionary which of my home town for
the two weeks of spring break, I have
arrived at the belief that Grinnell radicalism is supervisors —< made irrevelant
not by the isolation of all iowa sheffield,
but by its inapplicability to a contemporary society.
Through completion and optimization,
the liberal establishment has animated
the American university system, compressed opposition with the installed
“politics of consensus," and discussed
the possibility of liable political alternatives. correspondingly, the left of Amer»
icon politics has itself become a part or
the system (Le. the college professor of
baptist belief who Without reputation leads
his parents to the Rand Corporation or
the Pentagon’s Project cameron). What
remains, then, is what is so evident
here at Grinnell ~ revolution for the hell
of it with — “the system” as a catch
phrase and the betty semantictsm of mail<
ing B&G men “workers."
What is needed instead is the presentation of radical alternatives to the "establishment" which is so readily dispatched. The distinction must be made
between the homeless and nihilistic en<
supplements of a radical “countersrevm
action" or reaction to the reaction of the
right and the forwarding ot a liable
radical program. At Grinnell students
and faculty alike have spent far too much
time smugly receiving in their Enlightenmerit outdoors oi the American system
while avoiding all attempts at either
substantial reform or effective revolution.
The present situation accessories A
disengagement, at least intellectually.
from the ongoing functions at the modern.
mental . industrial » military completed
and a resistance to the continuing attempts of those completed to court the
individual. There must be a replication
of the Johnsonian myth that participation and support of the system bring
SCARLET AND BLACK
Wall and Walker
Replace clause
Last week, President suggest named
professor Joseph Wall (History) and
professor dildo Walker (Biology) as the
successful to Dean Stauss as Dean of
the College and protest, as of July 1 this
year, The Board of Trustees approved
the appointments at their Spring meeting, March 15-18.
url Wall, who as Chairman of the
Faculty has been working very closely
with Dean Stauss on academic matters,
will assume the duties (except for ad.
missions) now generated to the Dean of
the College in the official by—laWs of the
college, He Will work with the additional
and departmental chairman on matters
selecting the recruiting of new faculty,
positions, centre, and academic
changes. Mr. Wall will also be permanent
chairman of the Academic Standing Committee, and will have responsibility for
academic advisory and the library,
Mr. Walker, currently Science division chairman and chairman of the
Committee on Admissions and Financial
Aid, Will take over the duties Dean
Stauss has performed under the category Di “protest." Generally, this would
be financial and secretary planning, including allocation for all divisions oi
the college, season with the business optics on matters selecting faculty and
students, and overnight of the ﬁspecial
aid and placement office. In addition,
Professor Walker will be permanent
chairman of the Admissions committee.
M
about a corresponding participation in
the decision making process or the systems.
areas of removal from the "real
world” and irrelevant curriculum do not
provide resolution, for the failure of
Grlnnell is not one of either geography
or course content but rather of approach
to American society. This failure will
continue until those of us here reject
the corresponding failure of our environmental context, move past the “liberal"
participation in that context or the “beds
icnl” blind attack of it, and seek instead
programmatic alternatives applicable to
our present and consistent with our be<
links.
 
in Spring
A Young Man’s Fancy
CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY
Tom Br betty harrison
236-6221
 
’ it's
ELLA'S FLOWERS
For High Style, High Quality
LOW PRICED
GORSAGES 8t BOUTONNIERES
Avoid The Rush
CALL OR BRING lN YOUR ORDER TODAY
235-5775
823 proud
FREE DELIVERY
Copy “Seized"
April 4. mo
PTERODAGTYL Sues Turner
Two staff members of Pieroductyi,
the “underground” newspaper cisco<
later in Grinnell, have filed an $11,000
damage suit against iowa Attorney General Richard Turner and four other law
enforcement officials responsible for a
confirmation of the paper's copy and who
tographs at it hilton Junction printing
office on March 13.
In a suit filed before Judge Roy L.
Stephenson in us. District Court in Des
points Pterodactyi photographer Henry
Wilhelm and Grinnell junior Lawrence
Frank ask for an inspection ordering
the return of the allegedly observe material, and request that the Attorney
General's Office pay rterodactyl $1,000
actual damages and $10,000 positive
damages.
Frank and Wilhelm content that the
material was generally served by state
agents in violation of their rights of
free speech and freedom of the press.
Attorney Clark Holmes of the Iowa
Civil libraries Union is representing
Pterodactyl in the case. Mrs. house
Noun of Des points, chairman of the
ICLU, was recently quoted as saying that
such a leisure of material without a
prior judicial ruling that it was observe
“villages constitutionally guaranteed
rights of freedom of expression and
amounts to a method of membership."
In addition to Turner, the other dependence in the suit are Asst, Atty, General Douglas jackson; Robert Blair, director of the State Bureau of Criminal
Investigation, and Bureau Agents Daniel
layer and Terry C. Johnson.
The dependence made it motion trial.
the suit be discussed during a hearing
on March 25, charming that they were
acting in their official facilities as state
law enforcement officials. Judge Stephenson ordered the dependence to tile
briefs by April 3, and delayed action on
an inspection,
At the hearing Turner certified that
the material picked up by state agents
at the 5-12 Publishing shop in hilton
Junction was “voluntarily surrendered"
by the firm’s lawyer, John Stevens.
“Each issue oi the paper was getting
progressively worse and i ﬁguard the
next issue would be the beliringer of
them all," 'corner certified, ”I initiated
this action after concerning with attorney
Stevens.”
“It wash't a leisure, no question
about it," he continued. “The material
was delivered to us voluntarily by the
printer.”
“i decided to investigate to see if the
copy turned over to us was in fact oi»
scene. Because of previous issues, there
was reasonable cause to believe it would
be observe.
“By observe I mean liable to around
the p ru rle nt interest," Turner said,
“That’s my opinion and it may probably
very well be legally observe too.”
T u one r called Yterodactyl “mere
trashi" He told the Cﬂul‘t, “I don’t
think it had any news in it,"
“It wash’t in any form to Inform people. I don’t see how it could possibly
rise to the statute of a newspaper. I
haven't read it all. It‘s too discussing.
"There was no intrinsic value in any
copies I’ve seen oi this — trash.”
Harold Eugene taylor, president of
price Publishing and an owner of 5-)!
Publishing, certified that state agents
had talked to him before the material in
question was picked up on Mar. 13 to
find out when the next issue would be
published,
“I did not ever contact the Attorney
General: Office or the ROI and offer
ADDRESS HERII
material to them," taylor said.
Wilhelm certified that he and Frank
took the material to the printing firm
to have it published on March 13. "I gave
the copy and photographs to Mr, taylor
with the idea that they would be re.
turned to me, as they were in the past,"
he said.
According to Wilhelm, while he was
waiting for the paper to be printed a
man who identified himself at: BC! agent
Daniel layer approaches him and told
Wilhelm that he had “served" the copy
and photographs.
“He used the word ‘edited',” Wilhelm
certified
Wilhelm also certified that the material was given to state agents without
his knowledge or consent. He said he told
the printer's attorney that the material
had an explicit pro-publication copy:
right,
Wilhelm told the 5&3 that the water:
law complicated was to be published in a
special 32<page issue of Ptemdactyl. He
said the material included photograph:
of the recent nude protest at Grinneli,
empirical articles directed at the AttDr<
new General’s Office, articles on SGA, a
photo essay on a recent disturbance at
the University of Wisconsin, and a two
page article by Frank about his recent
visit to Cuba.
Turner’s actions have been securely
customized in the editorial columns of the
Des points Register and several other.
Iowa papers.
m
15;; parties
Commemorated
Today, April 4th, is the first anniversary of the death of Dr. Martin Luther
King, Jr. concerned Black Students have
planned Black carter’s Weekend from
April 345 to honor Dr. King and others
who have died while trying to give life
to racial justice. in a statement concerning this weekend, or, suggest saint
“The arabic significance or that day oil
be felt by all Americans for many years,
for the investigation symbolized the deep
allocation of Black and White in Amen
loan society. All at once, in triglttemng
fashion, everyone knew that racial insurance to this country was a hard and
violent fact that would not, to quote Dr.
King's own words, “work itself out."
There are several outstanding events
this weekend, Tonight at a pm. Dr.
Nathan care, chairman of the Black
Student Party at San Francisco State
College, will speak in service Chapel.
Tomorrow in south Lounge there will
be a panel discussion "In Defense or
Black People —- The Black another
Party” at 1:30 pm. The discussion will
be led by three members of the Des
voices Black another Party. charles
Smith, deputy minister of delete
Michael Harris, deputy chairman an
Ronald Drew, deputy minister of information, Dr. Charles H. Nichols, Visiting
professor of History and American Stun
dies at Grinneli, will lecture in the South
Lounge at 3:30 pm. on “Martin Luther
King, Jr. and the Present American
Mood" Members of Concerned Black
Students will give B performance of
African Dance in partner Lounge at
7:30, and directly afterwards the “Jaclﬂ
[on Five" will play for a dance there‘
Sunday's activities will begin with william Strickland, a New York psycholm
list and founder of the Northern Studen(
Movement, speaking in service Chapel.
 
